<br/>Jeff Probst: We are off the  coast of Panama on a remote island that will play a dramatic role in the  lives of our 16 survivors over the next 39 days. survivors over the next 39 days. This is Exile Island. This is Exile Island. Each week, at least one survivor will be banished here, separated from their  tribe-- they'll have no idea what's going on back at camp-- and they'll be  forced to live on their own until they return to the game. But there is a silver lining to Exile Island: it's a mystery that could help  one of our survivors win the million dollars and the title of sole survivor. It's a twist like never before, turning strategy on its head. These 16 Americans have already begun the adventure of a lifetime. They have been divided into four tribes, each with four members. They are strangers from different walks of life, forced to work together to  create a new society while battling the elements and each other. They must learn to adapt or they'll be voted from the tribe. In the end, only one will remain to claim the million-dollar prize. 39 days, 16 people, one... 39 days, 16 people, one... survivor. survivor. Captioning sponsored by Captioning sponsored by [theme song playing] [theme  song playing] [theme song playing] ♪ ♪ ♪ Come on in, guys. Come on in, guys. Welcome to Survivor. Cirie, what do you think about the way you've been divided? First reaction. It looks like younger, older. Probst: Shane, is that what it's sizing up to you? Yeah, I mean, genders and ages separated, the four of us. I mean, it will be interesting. I don't think this has ever happened before. Probst: Shane's right. For the first time ever, you have been divided into four tribes by age and  gender: Younger men versus younger women versus the older men versus the  older women. Uh... I thought I was young. W-W-W-W-W-W-- [laughing]: I'm on the wrong team. Why do they think I'm older? Do I look older? [older women laughing] I would certainly prefer to have some females on our  team. My personality, I can't help but flirt with, you know, basically any female I  come into contact with. There was the young beefcake crowd, of which I was the charter member and  president, and then there was the Love Boat crowd, which was the older men,  and there was the Golden Girls and then there was the Spice Girls. It will be interesting to see how things shake out. Probst: Let me tell you a little bit about the island you're on right now. You will not be living here as tribes, but over the next 39 days, many of you  will be spending some time out here alone. This is Exile Island. Throughout this game, tribe members will be banished to this island, where  you will have to live with very meager supplies, dealing with all the  elements, with nobody to watch your back. And even worse, when you're on Exile Island, you are not back at your camp. You are out of the loop and you don't know what is going on. Now I've got another surprise. You're going to compete, right now, in your first reward challenge. Yeah. Let's get it on. I was just pumped that we had a challenge right off the bat. I mean, that's my forte, that's my thing. I'm an athlete, you know, I'm physical. That's what I came here for. Probst: All right, each tribe will choose one person to run for them. On my go, you will race to the other end of the island, where you will find a  pile of skulls. Taking one skull at a time, smash it on a rock. Inside, you'll find a tightly wrapped ball of fabric. Untie it. You're looking for an amulet, not a stone. Once you find an amulet, race back to the finish. The first three tribe members back with an amulet win, for their tribe, fire  in the form of flint. In addition, the losing tribe will choose one person to stay behind on Exile  Island, right off the bat. [whistling]: Wow. Probst: Big enough stakes? Yeah. Oh, yeah. Definitely. Probst: All right, I know you don't know each other very well, but you got to  make a decision. I'll give you a second to strategize. Who is going to run? Who is going to run? [all talking indistinctly] [all talking indistinctly] Probst: All right. Older Women, who's going to run the challenge? Ruth-Marie. Probst: Older guys, who's it going to be? Terry. Probst: For the younger women? Danielle. Probst: How about for the younger guys? Austin. Probst: Austin, Danielle, Terry, Ruth-Marie, come up to the start. Let's go, Terry. Look for the amulet. Look for the amulet. Probst: For reward in the form of fire. Survivors ready. Go! [all shouting] Austin down already. Austin down already. Gotta get those jitters out. Gotta get those jitters out. Let's go, Terry. [whispering]: I hope she can [whispering]: I hope she can pound it. pound it. Probst: Here comes somebody. Let's go, Terry! Yeah, Terry! Probst: Terry back first, for the older guys. Only two amulets remaining. [whooping] [whooping] Yeah! Yeah! There he is. Austin! Probst: Austin back with the second amulet for the younger guys. My boy, that's my boy. Probst: Older women, younger women, getting nervous? Nobody wants to stay behind here. here. She's not a smasher. She's not a smasher. God is gonna help her. I just can't breathe until I I just can't breathe until I see her come up  here. see her come up here. Come on, Ruth, come on. Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, on, come on,  come on, come on, come on. come on. Probst: Here comes the final amulet. I don't know who's got it. Lord, please let it be Lord, please let it be Ruth-Marie. Ruth-Marie. Probst: Ruth-Marie back with the final amulet for the older women! Older women, older men, younger men all have amulets. That's good, that's good, that's great, you did it. Probst: Here she comes. Probst: Here she comes. [applause] [applause] For the young men, fire. For the older guys, fire. The older women-- Ruth-Marie. Yay! Whoo! Probst: For the younger women, big disadvantage right off the bat-- no fire,  and the worst news is you got to give me a name now. Who is going to stay behind at Exile Island? I'll stay. Uh-uh. You shouldn't have to. I said, you know, "I lost the challenge, I feel like I should  stay," and then the other girls were like, "No, no, no, you can't. You just did the challenge." You know, they were really cool about it. Should we, like, pick up sticks or something? Whoever gets the shortest? Rock, paper, scissors? That sounds great. Can we do rock, paper, scissors? Probst: You can do whatever you want. [talking indistinctly] No one really wanted to make a decision in our group. The whole time I'm holding my breath. I'm thinking, "Please, God, I don't want to start off Survivor on the  losing end." One, two, three, hit-- ready? All right, I'm here. But, you know, I'm the one who got stuck sitting on Exile Island. Probst: Misty is sticking behind. I'm staying. Probst: Here's how it's going to work. You will stay here until the first immunity challenge, at which point, you  will return back to your tribe. You will compete. There's one other element to Exile Island. Hidden somewhere on this island is an immunity idol. Ooh-hoo. Probst: So while you're out here trying to figure out how to survive, you  ought to be looking for it. If you find the idol, you can share that information with whoever you want. You can keep it a secret. It's up to you. The important thing to remember is that you can use it anytime, up through  the final four, but once there are only three of you remaining, the idol can  be used no more. But here's the best part: you can hold on to that idol until after the votes  have been revealed at Tribal Council. That means you could have enough votes to get you voted out, you hold up that  idol, you are now immune, and the person with the next most votes goes home. It is a huge shift in how this game is played. Along the way, you'll be given clues as to the whereabouts of that idol. Younger Guys, get out of here. Here's a map. Let's go. Older Guys, here's a map to your beach. Thank you. Probst: Have fun. All righty. Probst: Older Women. [whooping] Sally, Danielle, Courtney, here's a map to your beach. The boat is waiting to take you The boat is waiting to take you there. there. All right, Misty. Tough way to start the game. A few minutes in, you're already left on your own. Here's what you have on Exile Island: one machete, one bucket of water. Water not going to do you a lot of get good, 'cause you really need to boil  it before you drink it, and you don't have fire. You also have a lot of time to think about why fate chose you to be the first  one out here, which is also why immunity is already so important. And as for your first clue to the whereabouts, I've already given it to you. Good luck. See you at the immunity See you at the immunity challenge. challenge. Nice work out there, buddy. Uh-huh! [yelling like Tarzan] Where's the map? Where's the map? Who's got the map? Who's got the map? I am the first person exiled to Exile Island. I definitely feel very vulnerable. I didn't expect this, this soon, this early, so it came as quite a shock. Think, Misty, think. Jeff did say there's an immunity idol on the island, and he left me with  clues. He said, "Why did fate leave you behind?" Behind me. It seems to me like he was trying to tell us that the immunity idol was  buried behind us, where we were standing. That was my guess, anyways. Behind me. I'm going to be definitely searching for that immunity searching for that  immunity idol. idol. [laughter] [whooping] Oh, we have a machete! We walked up to the flag. There was a pot and a machete. The machete kind of scared me a little bit. I thought we might have to clear an area to build a house or something. And clearing areas kind of scares me, because when you clear the area, the  things that used to live there come out, and used to live there come out, and  I'm not good with things. I'm not good with things. And bless our team. And bless our team. Bless everyone here... Bless everyone here... Amen. Amen. Amen. [laughter] [whooping] To finally be at your beach where your tribe flag is,  is huge, and then, of course, we're like, "Where are we going to build a  shelter? Where are we going to build a fire? Oh, my gosh, we've got to do this. We only have two hours of daylight." You know? So we went straight into work mode. Ooh, that's pretty cool stuff. [howling] ♪ Burn, baby, burn [whooping] ♪ Disco inferno... Okay, here we  go, kids. More of that stuff. Keep her going. Good job! Good job! [whooping] Keep more sticks, more sticks. People, I think that was a fire in record time, thank you. I'm serious. Yes! Well, starting a fire was highly successful for us. Once you hit that flint, holy schnikes, it's like a Fourth of July fireworks  parade. Sparks were going everywhere. ♪ Kumbaya, my Lord, Kumbaya... ♪ [grunts] The Older Women are  performing very well. Tina, who has the most interesting background-- she's actually a log roller--  she is a very, very resourceful woman. Water is ours! And so with Tina stepping forward into the leadership position, I'm happy to  step back and be one of the worker bees. and be one of the worker bees. [whimpering] [whimpering] They're what? They're what? You said something scared you. You said something scared you. There's a lot of scary stuff around here, though. I don't think Cirie has had a lot of outdoor experience. Heck, we went to gather leaves to make a cushion for our bed tonight, and she  said she hates leaves. Did anyone tell her what show she was going on? I'm, like, thinking, "Leaves are the least of your problem, the least of  your problem, honey." honey." Oh, yeah, keep it to him. Bam. You better not strike out. That would be a bum. We haven't really prioritized anything yet, and we got to figure out how are  we going to get water, how are we going to get fire, how are we going to get  shelter? Put your left hand, like, an inch over my left hand. And they're all left hand? Try to get it as close without touching. Now right hands. Now, now, uh... All right, we're going to leave our hands here until you guys  start to feel something. You tell me when you start to You tell me when you start to feel a little bit  of energy. feel a little bit of energy. All right, so right now, I want you guys just to think, right now, what we're  going to do. We're going to make fire. Okay. Okay. All right? Seriously, just take a second, Seriously, just take a second, stop and think  about that. stop and think about that. You guys feel anything in your hands? All right? Aras, uh, has definitely... He's got a lot of ideas. Some of them are kind of harebrained, out of left field, like doing  medication to get fire. All right, we'll make a... [laughing]: Machete? It's over there. It's right... And it's, like, so grandiose. Like, and you just want to go, "Okay, how are you going to do  that?" Like, we need to worry about basics. Use that power in the hand. You got it. Brace yourself. Think about this thing and catching it. Okay. [clanging] Oh, my hand. Keep the faith. Keep the faith, fellas. I mean, is there something we're just missing? Like some component of fire-building that everybody is going to be, like,  "Those four jackasses!"? No, we're getting sparks. Our tribe's just hysterical. I mean, we all established within two hours of being here, when we didn't  have a fire going, and hopelessly building this pathetic shelter... [clicks  tongue] We don't have a clue what we are doing. [laughs] That's the shelter right there, gentlemen. Look at that. [chuckling]: Yeah. Where's Bob Vila when you need him? That is the sorriest shelter I think we could have possibly come up with. Possibly. Got to be proud of it. First night, you know? We wouldn't want to peak the first night. Let's just hope it doesn't rain. Right now, it's not. Right now, it's not. [birds calling] [birds calling] Oh, this is kind of cool, too, this little...  story. We could do a lean-to. Yeah. Yeah. We could... and it's flat. We could... and it's flat. Well, there are so many places. I don't know. We should keep looking. Don't you think? What would Misty like? [laughing]: What would... It hasn't been the greatest day for us. We started off, like, you know, underdogs. Plus, you know, since we didn't win the flint and, everyone else did, we  don't have fire, and don't have water. And we only have three of us, so... And none of us has ever made a shelter  before. It's such a cool tree, huh? It seems like we could do something with this. I don't know. I don't know. I'm-I'm not... Are you feeling it? No. [laughter] Nope... Next! I'm just kidding. We are so back-and-forth about where to pick our shelter. We were being women: "Huh. Do you think this will work?" "I don't know. What do you think?" "I don't know. Is purple my color?" Hmm. Uh... Do you want to keep walking? Other options? I-I'm happy walking, just checking out where we're living, just for fun. All right, let's check it out. I started to get a little bit frustrated with the whole, like, where we should  do the shelter. If you see it and you like it, don't even look any more, because it's just a  waste of time at that point. It's starting to get dark. Oh, man! How old this guy is. Oh, man! Dead, on this little beach. Come on. Come on. That's-That's really weird, huh? That's-That's really weird, huh? Oh, we love you. I thought it was really ironic that the turtle, that represents, like, mother  and goddess and, like, Native American culture, and, that like, this is the  island where three women, you know, are living on. It just to me, it just seemed really significant. I mean, they're just, like, such a symbol. Like, the turtle is Mother Earth. Even more specifically, North America is called Turtle Island. Courtney's kind of just so out there. She had all this symbolism for a dead sea turtle. To me, it's just a turtle. I cannot fake that I'm, like, deep into this. Should we just... I don't... I don't know. I'm thinking about high tide, just, like, rolling her back in the ocean or  something. Rolling it back in the ocean? Yeah. I think Courtney... she overdramatizes things, I believe, which is not needed. We need to, you know, build a shelter, catch food, build a fire. Oh, my gosh. It just freaks me out, man. There's so much to do and so There's so much to do and so little time to do  it. little time to do it. little time to do it. [birds singing] [birds singing] [grunting] All right, Bruce. [grunting] Some I already cut. Awesome! We're feeling really good because we got our fire and boiling water. You see any other smoke on any of the other islands? Let's make a rally up into the thing and get some really dry wood, 'cause  we're putting wet wood on the deal. Okay. We're stoked. We're Older Guys, and we're into this, and we're doing the Boy Scout thing  right now. That's the best-smelling stinking fire I've seen in a long time. When people come over here, if they do, they're going to see a roaring fire,  and they're going to see some shrimp on the to see some shrimp on the barbie. barbie. Can I trust you? Yeah. Yeah. I'll never lie to you. Okay. And I expect you to never lie to me. I'll shake on that. Yeah? Yeah. All right, we'll never lie to each other. No matter what. No matter what. All right. All right. Really? Yeah. So... That's awesome! Yeah. Well, I did do, do a little white lie to you. You know I am, you know, I'm an American Airlines pilot... Yeah. ... but I-I didn't want people knowing the military thing. Uh, yeah, I flew F-14s. Aircraft carriers. Terry's a great guy. I found out he was a military pilot, flew F-14s. My background is that I retired from NASA as an astronaut. There are some similarities between the expedition to space and the  expedition to a deserted island. The teamwork concept is very The teamwork concept is very much alive on this  island. much alive on this island. By the way, I'm getting chewed to death right now. I don't know if they're in the sand, but... Let's get all these back first,  and don't waste a lot of energy on one. We're coming! I already want to start calling people out because they're moronic. Come on! I'm with the older guys, so the older guys, I don't really fit in with them  all that much, and they just want to work all the time, and I'm exhausted. I haven't had a cigarette. You know, I smoke three packs of cigarettes a day for 20 years, and I haven't  had a cigarette in like, 31 hours. I mean, I'm just at the end of my rope. I'm fried. Yo, man, we also got to stop worrying about hurting people's feelings at this  point. Like, we're here. All four of us don't need to get the water. All four of us don't need to head to the path to find the mud chute. You're right. Like... I'm, we're all capable. You betcha. [whistles] Do you have the machete? I left it there. What's Daffy Duck doing over there? What's he doing over there? I am not in a good spot, man. I've got to get through this detox for sure, the cigarette stuff. It's... I can't lash out at anybody. I can't, I can't, I can't. It is unbelievably hard. And I've been here a day. And I've been here a day. Woo-hoo! Woo-hoo! Woo-hoo! [thunder rumbling] [thunder rumbling] Spending the night on Exile Island was  my worst nightmare. I'm tired. I'm hungry. I'm really, really, really I'm really, really, really thirsty. thirsty. Protein... My tribe mates, the three of them hopefully are doing better than  me, so they're strong for our next immunity challenge. But, uh, I definitely feel at a huge disadvantage. And I'm the first one voted off should we not win. So, I have been digging around, because Jeff mentioned that whoever finds the  immunity idol on Exile Island doesn't have to tell anyone else. Well, I think that's going to be a huge advantage, and I definitely want to  use it. So when I see my tribe mates at the next immunity challenge, I'll trick them  into thinking I'll trick them into thinking that I found the immunity idol. that I found the immunity idol. that I found the immunity idol. Probst: Come on in, guys! Probst: Come on in, guys! We'll now bring in Misty, returning from her stay on Exile returning from her  stay on Exile Island. Island. How you guys doing? How's it going? Probst: So, Misty, how's Exile Island? It's been lonely, but it has its advantages. Probst: What advantages does Exile Island have? Well, you told us there was an immunity idol in there, and you told us where  it was, so... Probst: So you spent a little time looking for it. Enough. Probst: Okay, well, in this game, there is nothing more powerful than what? Immunity. Probst: Immunity. This is what you're playing for. Yeah, baby! Yeah! Probst: This is the immunity idol. There are three pieces to it because at today's challenge, three tribes will  win immunity. The losing tribe goes to Tribal Council tonight, the first person will be  voted out of this game. Today's challenge is going to test you physically. It is also going to test you mentally. Here's how it works: all four tribe members will start on the dock. On my "go," climb up and over a barrier, swim out to your raft. The raft is attached to a clip underwater. Once you've released the raft, start paddling to shore. You'll then race up the beach where you have to solve a brainteaser. Your goal at the brainteaser is to release a metal ring from the rope. Buried in the sand is a diagram to help you. Your dilemma is whether you choose spend the time digging that diagram up or  solving the puzzle on your own. Once you release the metal ring, you'll toss the ring out, retrieve a  grappling hook. When you pull on the grappling hook it drops a flag. The first three tribes to drop their flag win immunity. Losing tribe, Tribal Council. Make sense? Yeah. Probst: Swim out, we'll get going. Here we go, for immunity, survivors ready! Go! Go! Up and over, one at a time. Up and over, one at a time. Everybody over. Tina bringing it up for the older women. Now you've got to get down and Now you've got to get down and unhook those  rafts. unhook those rafts. Go! Probst: Older men are the first ones free. first ones free. Younger women right behind. Younger women right behind. Oh, my God. Probst: Older women cannot get their rope released. Younger guys having trouble with their rope. Older men having a little bit of trouble paddling now. trouble paddling now. Younger women staying calm. Younger women staying calm. The older women have released their boat! Younger guys still trying to get that rope free. Everybody following the lead of the younger women. Young guys in serious trouble. Still cannot get it free. They're swapping out. Young women doing a good job. Older men making progress. Older men making progress. Older women have it going on. Older women have it going on. Younger guys have their rope free. All four tribes paddling to shore. Back, paddle back, backwards, keep going backwards, you're steering us. Got it. Probst: Young women are first back to the beach. Moving on to the brainteaser. Older men, right behind. Trying to free that metal ring. Here we go guys, let's do this. Probst: Both tribes are putting two people on the puzzle and two people  digging. Here, we've got to get the green rope out from here. Let's see if we can get through this. Probst: The older women are now in it. Younger women have found the diagram. Young guys in serious trouble. Younger women making progress. Melinda watching them. While Cirie, Ruth-Marie, and Tina dig. Younger guys finally in. Hold on. Probst: Young guys are moving on to the brainteaser. This around, this around. Probst: Tina, Ruth-Marie, Cirie still looking for the diagram. Melinda trying to get a clue, not digging. That could be costly. Young women have figured it out! Young women are close. That could do it. Yank on it. They've got it. Younger women have immunity! All right! Whoo! Probst: 12 people still out here. You just don't want to be last. I got it! I got it! Probst: Dan has the clue for the older men. Younger men have the diagram. The older women have it. Lift both rigs up, both rigs up. Hold it, let me look, let me look. Probst: Austin's bleeding. Nick is bleeding, and they're nowhere closer. It's out, it's out, it's out! Probst: Older men have their ring free. Catch that hook, and you've got immunity. Bruce hooks it on his first shot! Older men win immunity! They are safe from Tribal Council. Down to two tribes, one immunity left. Older women, younger guys. This has to be straight. ...And up and over it. Look it, we're one twist away. Yeah, we've go it, we've got it, we got it! Probst: The guys think they're making some progress. And they have. The guys have solved it. Older ladies, you better kick it into gear. This is about over. But look at this though, this is step number two. Probst: You got to toss it over that grappling hook. No. Older women still in it. Go, keeping going, keep going. Probst: Down to two tribes. Somebody going to Tribal Council. That could do it! Younger men win immunity! Older women going to Tribal Council. Council. [cheering] [cheering] Probst: Young guys, I don't know how you pulled it out. You got immunity. Older guys, you've got immunity. Because the young women finished first, you get the bulk of the idol. Maybe it has a little more spiritual power. The older women came up short. Tribal Council tonight, one of the four of you going home. You have the afternoon to figure out who that's going to be. out who that's going to be. Head on back to camp. Head on back to camp. Tina, I'm thinking about getting water. Go ahead and get water. Are you good with that? Yeah. Water and wood in a minute. Well, we lost the challenge, and, uh, someone has to go home now... from our  tribe. I'm really nervous. I don't feel like I'm the most physically fit person on the tribe. I don't want to be the first one to go home. Well, we're going to go get Well, we're going to go get water... water... [crying]:  I wrote this in the sand for my son. Charlie was killed in a car accident just around four and a half months ago. And he was just 16 years old... and he was my only child. I am sad... because I miss him. But I would like to keep that to myself for now. So, I will come and talk to him once in a while... once in a while... alone. alone. ...in any challenges? And she said, "Well, no." And she said, "Well, no." So, I  mean... So, I mean... I don't like to say that I'm gunning for anyone, but I  don't want to go home. So I'm going to try to get rid So I'm going to try to get rid of the  lumberjack lady. of the lumberjack lady. And I think Tina's starting to aggravate her, just a little bit. Because she was like, "I mean, I really like her, but she is kind of  loud." Whoa! That's a fish. That thing is breathing. Oh, my God. Obviously, with the tide going out, he must've got caught here, and he's  going to here, and he's going to become... [screams] become... [screams] You  little... Ow! Ow! He's a little son of a gun. He's a little son of a gun. Big one! Are you lying? I'm not. How did you catch a fish? With my bare hands. Oh, my... Are you lying? Oh, my gosh! Okay, now, um, how do we want to cook it? Don't we need to fry it? Yeah. I mean, skewer it. We can do it however you want to do it. There are a hundred reasons to keep Tina. She's a workhorse. She caught a fish today. I mean, honestly, there are a gazillion reasons to keep her. Let's go clean it. We're going to fry him up. I do think that Cirie's the weak link right now. Do you want to do it? Go ahead and do it. That's a big fish, you guys. Slippery sucker. I scaled the fish. It's almost like everything that I do is kind of like to ensure to Ruth-Marie  and Melinda that we'll be okay without the lumberjack lady. lumberjack lady. And I hope it's working out. And I hope it's working out. Probst: Behind each of you is a torch. Go ahead and grab a torch and approach the flame, dip it in and get fire. This is part of the ritual at Tribal Council because, in this game, fire  represents your life: as long as you have it, you're still in the game; when  your fire's gone, so are you. fire's gone, so are you. Take a seat. Take a seat. Well, welcome to Tribal Council. Not where you want to be. Melinda, been out here three days. Tougher than you thought? Less tough than you expected? No, I would say that I'm currently in Panamanian Hell, right about now. I mean, this is, by far, the hardest thing that I've ever done in my entire  life. And it's because it's all-encompassing. It's mentally, physically, emotionally, spiritually, I mean, that's why it's  so difficult. You should try it. Probst: It that right, Cirie? Absolutely. I've never lived outdoors. I've never even slept outdoors. So, for the people at home that are like me, on the couch, stay on the couch. [laughter] I completely agree. Seriously, it's totally crazy to me. But now that I'm here, I want to do more. Probst: How you doing, Tina? I think I'm doing well. I think it's been exciting to be out there. And I knew it was going to be very difficult, but, um, I'm pretty confident  in what I know how to do. And I've been living outdoors all my life. Ruth-Marie, that's got to be a little comforting to have somebody on your  tribe who feels very comfortable in the outdoors. Very much so. It's been wonderful. We have someone who had those abilities and took charge. And I think we did a good job of saying, you know, let her take the ball, run  with it, and we'll try to fill in the gaps. Probst: Cirie, it's starting to sound like, in some ways, Tina is leading you  through these first three days. Yeah, you can say that. She... kind of took that position. She did know how to start the fire. Um, she found the water. Probst: Those are two huge things. Starting fire and finding the water are gigantic. Well, if Tina didn't find the water, I'm sure one of the three of us could  have found the water; and I believe we can start fire. She just stepped up and started doing things, so, I mean, what do you do,  break her arm, don't do that, don't start the fire? Don't go fish? TINA: Do you think these other three are pulling their weight? Um, not as much as I would like to. I have a really huge work ethic. But I feel like if I keep saying, let's get more firewood, let's go find a  fishing spot, they're going to look at me as a bigger leader than I am, and  then my head's on the chopping block. So I just go out by myself and work hard and have a good life. Probst: Melinda, any disagreement on that? Um, no offense to Tina, because she really has been out there working, but  it's not like she's out there working and the three of us are taking a nap. I mean, all four of us are constantly doing something. It's just that we might not be doing the same thing Tina's doing. Probst: Okay, well, three days in, only four people; sadly, there is very  little room to hide. One of the four of you is about to go home. It is time to vote. It is time to vote. Melinda, you're up. Melinda, you're up. I wish I could've learned more about you. more about you. We just didn't click. We just didn't click. Somebody has to go, and your fear of leaves was my biggest factor because we  have to go in factor because we have to go in the leaves too. the leaves too. Probst: I'll go tally the Probst: I'll go tally the votes. votes. Once the votes are read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the Tribal Council area  immediately. Council area immediately. I'll read the votes. I'll read the votes. First vote: Tina. Cirie. Cirie. One vote Tina, one vote Cirie. One vote Tina, one vote Cirie. Tina. Two votes Tina, one vote Cirie, Two votes Tina, one vote Cirie, one vote left. one vote left. First person voted out of Survivor: Exile Island. Tina, would you bring my your Tina, would you bring my your torch. torch. torch. Tina, your tribe has spoken. Tina, your tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Time for you to go. Have fun. Have fun. Probst: Well, you're only three days in to what all of you have agreed is  already the toughest thing you've ever done, and yet, you vote out the one  person who could make your life a little easier. Be interesting to see how it plays out. Grab your torches, head back to camp. Good night. Captioned by Media Access Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org Probst: Stay tuned  for scenes Probst: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode. from our next episode. Probst: Next time on Survivor: A twist on Exile Island raises the stakes. Ah... Probst: The pressure gets to Shane. There's no reason for me to be doing this. Shane wants to quit. Let him quit. Probst: And the storm moves in. This place breeds bad luck. This place breeds bad luck. [thunder crashes] [thunder crashes] I think the girls made a huge mistake,  voting me out. I hope they do terribly. Working hard is what I do, and I think it worked against me on this one, but  I would not have been able to change a thing, 'cause that's just who I am. That was really a great experience. I have no regrets. I have no regrets. I was just with the wrong girls.