Reunion Jeff: bob, nobody has chosen you. Are you a diamond in the rough? Time will tell. My strategy is to be needed. Go, bob! Having bob around is definitely an asset, but I am not taking him to the end. My plan is to make something so that they think I have an idol. You are awesome  Jeff: bob wins immunity! Bob, bob, bob, bob, five straight challenges. Thank you, jeff. Bob is moving on to the final. I'm almost 60 years old and I beat out everybody. Life doesn't get better than this. ( cheers and applause )  Jeff: we are back with the winner of "Survivor: gabon." 57 years old, the oldest winner ever in the history of our game. ( cheers and applause ) congratulations, bob. Can you wrap it up? What was the key to you doing so well in this game? I just tried to be necessary, tried to be friendly. And I just was... Trying to play the game. Jeff: you are overwhelmed. I am. Jeff: did you have a game plan coming in to try and stay in the middle? My plan was to fly under the radar as long as I could, be necessary, and be a nice guy so that people would like me. Jeff: how important was that amazing fake idol you created? That saved my... My place in the game, because I knew they were going to take me out, and they traded it for randy. Sorry, randy, but.... Jeff: we're seeing a little footage of it there. Explain how you made that idol. I think everybody they talked to was amazed. It looked like something we would have on the show. I generally collected beads whenever they fell on the ground, but when corinne said to me, "We're going to send you to exile island," I reached down, picked up my canteen and my bag, and yawned and reached up. And there used to be a whole bunch of beads and berries and tickets on the kota flag, and I stripped them off and put them in my pocket. ( laughter ) when I was out on my little walk-about, I found the base of it. And I just sort of put it together with my... My mother was always good at art, and she left me a little trick, and I just put two and two together. Jeff: one of the things they took a lot of grief for was throwing bob's beautiful fake immunity idol in the fire! Everybody's like, "Why did you do that?" because that's what we do when somebody gets burned with a fake idol. In this case, randy, it goes in the torch. I did, however, after you guys all left, I did go in and pulled out what was left for you, bob. ( applause ) I'll show you... Can we get a shot of this, michael? This is... These are the pieces... By the way, where did you get this rope? We don't give you guys anything. I take stuff. ( laughter ) ( applause ) where did you get the rope? When I got to exile island, it was the clue-- I mean, the instructions rolled up, and it was tied with a piece of string, and I untied the string and put it in my pocket. Jeff: that's how you do it. There you go. Your souvenir. ( applause ) bob, what's the reaction from your students? You teach physics in maine. What are they-- what do they think of this whole thing? How do you relate all this to...  The joke is, I have the largest group of illiterate "Survivor" fans in america. But they've been really great. They've been really supportive, and they've enjoyed it. Jeff: I gotta... Do you... You told me, actually, that you're trying to take some of the challenges that you've done so well in and turn them into physics problems. I've gotten three text messages: "If you do well, mr. Crowley, do we have to take the test tomorrow?" they do. And the last question on the test-- I won't give them the numbers right now, but they've got to calculate, if I throw a rock at 30 degrees at 14 meters per second, they're going to have to calculate how far the...  Jeff: that's based on the challenge where you threw balls over the...  Right, thrown over the cliff. Jeff: so you're taking the show, taking it into the classroom, and saying let's make this a physics problem. Yeah. Jeff: all right, nice. I have a question for the jury. In that fire-making challenge, had matty won instead of bob and the final three was sugar, susie, and matty, how many people in the jury would have voted for matty? Wow. One, two, three, four, five. That's a million-dollar fire making challenge. Matty and bob practiced. Why weren't you out there working that? I didn't even see it coming. I thought I was... I got confident. And when you get confident in "Survivor," you get in trouble. And I thought I had it in the bag, and, obviously, I didn't. Jeff: let me just say-- I'm going to look right in the camera-- if you end up on the show "Survivor," go to buy a flint and practice making fire a little bit, because it cost matty a million bucks. I was never very good at homework. ( laughter )  Jeff: susie, I have one question for you, and as my friend says, "Whenever you say with-- no disrespect intended"-- it probably means there is some. How did you get so far in the game? How did you get three votes and nearly win this game? I like to think that people liked me. And I, just like bob, was under the radar. I was a hard worker. I never wanted to hurt anybody's feelings. And I really got lucky with the two immunities I won. The last one, if I wouldn't have won that, I wouldn't be sitting here right now. Jeff: I have to say I was shocked at the votes. I was shocked, too. Jeff: as I was looking through them going, "Another susie? I thought, is she going to win this game?" here's what's going to blow your mind: the deciding vote in tonight's vote turned out to be randy. He was the hub of this all. Randy, why did you not vote for susie and vote for bob? Easy. That cookie that didn't matter much. They kept reminding me, "It's just a cookie." it was a million-dollar cookie. Laugh. Jeff: so you're talking about-- because, susie, you gave randy a hard time about the whole cookie incident. Yeah, I just was discussing it with him...  Discussing? Bob wanted to know what happened when he came back from exile, and sugar and randy were trying to tell them, and I told my perspective. I thought he didn't want give him a cookie. Apparently I was wrong. It upset randy. Jeff: I love the fact that we never get out of the sandbox. A chocolate chip cookie now costs susie a million dollars. Absolutely. Jeff: sugar, one of the more popular people on this season... ( cheers and applause ) what has been the reaction on the street? Are people coming up to you? Is it hard to go out? Yeah. I'm getting a lot of people coming up to me, and some people are thanking me for the randy cookie incident. And I have to make sure that I feel like I'm in a good mood and have makeup on before I leave, because people are blogging about seeing me driving in my car. Jeff: you've become a superstar. You can't leave your house? Well, you showed my license plate pretty much to everybody, so, yeah. I have to leave my house with makeup on, that's all. Jeff: really? That's... I lost... That's very impressive from "Survivor," that you're basically needing your own paparazzi guard. Oh, yeah. Jeff: what was it like having to deal with the recent loss of your dad while going out and playing this incredibly taxing show emotionally? Well, I think pretty much anybody who has a heart understands that's probably why I was so emotional the whole time. And all the stress going on, and it was a very hard game. But I don't cry every day, people. I'm okay now. I'm over it. Not over it, but I'm better. I'm stronger. These guys made me stronger. ( applause )  Jeff: well, I think it's fair to say while you're very popular with the viewers, you weren't as popular with some of the people on the show. Sugar certainly made some enemies in gabon, but this comment from corinne is one of the nastiest comments I have ever heard. ( booing )  Sugar, you are an unemployed, uneducated leach on society, and the only thing I would vote to give you is a handful of anti depressants, so it would seem a little more sincere when you are crying about your dead father. Thank you, everyone. ( booing )  Jeff: did corinne mean what she said? Does she regret it? That is next on "Survivor: gabon," the reunion show, live in los angeles. I'm going to be a total bitch and hurt people's feelings, and I'm going to laugh when people cry, and I'm going to own it. I am now in a camp of mutants, none of whom I like. I would rather serve poison to these people. I don't like the way you've been talking negative. She's going to teach me a lesson about life. I want to kill sugar. I hate her. I am going to be nasty at tribal. You are an unemployed, uneducated leach on society, and the only thing I would vote to give you is a handful of anti depressants so it would seem a little more sincere when you are crying your dead father. Thank you, everyone. ( applause )  Jeff: corinne, 17 seasons of "Survivor." I have heard some doozies. That is at the top of the list. Regrets on that comment? What...  Um, it's hard to explain, but it's like I... Obviously, I feel sorry for her loss. It was more that there are so many days with a person crying, and it's like being stranded in africa with a colicky baby. I literally couldn't take it anymore. And I just...  Jeff: but not being able to take it is one thing. Making a conscious decision to make a comment about somebody's... The loss of somebody's father. ( applause )  Yeah. Um, I guess I just had a lot of anger. And thought this will really... You know, I went for the jugular. Jeff: is that you? Is that what we saw out there? Well, I mean, in real life, if I didn't like somebody, I just wouldn't spend time with them. But if you force me to spend time with someone you will probably push me to that. Yes, that is me. That is not an act, that's me. ( booing )  Jeff: now, I gotta believe that corinne kind of likes the boos. I love the boos. Keep them coming, people. ( booing )  Jeff: marcus, what's the disconnect between so many people who watch the show liking sugar, and... She got no votes at the final. And I know there's animosity still with her. What is it? Can you put your finger on it? You know, it's hard to tell, because you... You see these people on tv, and they see one minute out of every 300. And I think that, like corinne said, we're all together. We're all trying to love each other, but we all have different ways of expressing that, and we also have different ways of expressing anger. And I think, you know, sugar did a great job. She was dealing with that, but a lot of times they bubbled over in ways that rubbed people the wrong way, and you might not see that on camera. That is what we were dealing with. Jeff: you mentioned, corinne, that you are irritated with us because we didn't portray you in a more negative light. I felt like for the first half the season, I was like a wallflower. No one knew who I was. I was every bit the same person from day one as I was until day 33. Jeff: what's interesting about your comment, is most people complain...  About not being nice enough. Jeff: "You only showed the mean side. I'm actually a nice person." corinne came to me and said, "I'm every bit as nasty as randy, and you didn't show it."  I was like, I loved his edit. I thought it was so entertaining. Jeff: I loved the edit. You're talking production speak. What do your friends and family say? Do they know you as this? This is what I want to get at. You walk around like this, no regrets? I don't have any regrets about the show. To me a lot of what I do is sarcasm. When I said dan was a former fatty, that was funny. I wasn't actually going to stab susie in the face. I wasn't looking for a knife. It's an exaggeration. It's an outlet for me. Jeff: stand-up may not be the best career choice for you. I'm going to conduct sensitivity training across america now. ( booing )  Jeff: corinne is not the only one known for her nasty comments. Bitter old randy will go down as one of the most colorful people to play the game. If you get me, you're not offended by me. Sasquatch is bigfoot, which is crystal. If you don't get me, you go crying home to mama. You have made it a living hell. Shut the ( bleep ) up. Randy is an ass. He offends everyone. I don't like any of these people. I am the new king of gabon so I am going to burn this house down. ( applause )  Jeff: that's what's interesting, is we come out to randy, and he gets applause. Randy, same question-- is that you? 100%. Jeff: so you're just... You are this bitter, bitter guy? Were you always this way? What makes you this way? No, I wasn't always this way. I used to be fun, happy, likable. I had girlfriends. ( laughter )  Jeff: people are laughing. But you're being serious. Yeah. I mean... Yeah. I haven't told a joke this entire season. ( laughter )  Jeff: and life took a turn? What we... Everyone wants to get underneath the veneer. Well, they're not going to. I mean, you're either born with the ability or you're not. Jeff: the ability to what? To like me. ( laughter ) that wasn't a joke! That wasn't a joke! Jeff: as further evidence what randy's talking about, for the last 15 years, best friend? My dog. Jeff: really, kind of your closest friend? Yeah, he never cheated on me. Never lied to me. Never cried every day. ( laughter ) he was awesome. Jeff: something else surprised me about you when I did a little research. The highest I.Q. Of this whole bunch was marcus, off-the-charts high. ( applause ) the second highest I.Q. Was randy. ( applause ) I think there's a perception that, you know, you're-- to use a phrase that maybe is inappropriate-- you're this country kind of "I don't really know what's what." there's a lot to you. The test has got to be flawed because... ( laughter ) I mean, with these einsteins here on the front row.... You're a commercial pilot? Is that true? I used to be, yeah. Jeff: you run in iron man in hawaii. I used to. Jeff: marathons. Used to. Jeff: engineering degree from vanderbilt. I cheated. ( laughter )  Jeff: and the best part of all is tell me about who you brought to the live show. Of all the people in your life, you could bring. Six strangers. I've never met them. Jeff: and how did this come to be? They're fans of the show. You know, I just know them as fans, and it would mean something for them to come and some of my old friends from high school and college would love to be here, but they've never seen the show until I got on it. Yeah, so they're out there, somebody, I don't know. ( applause )  Jeff: randy, you applied to be on show 15 times. Worth the wait? No, you should have waited until about season 22. I would have been a lot funnier and a lot meaner. ( laughter )  Jeff: for those of you who don't know, randy's career is-- appropriately enough-- a wedding videographer. So for those of you who have hired randy in the past to make your wedding videos, this is the man behind them. It was a pleasure... Oddly, it was a pleasure having you on the show. You're one of the most despicable and likable people that we've ever had. Thank you. Jeff: charlie... ( applause ) yes. Charlie, my question to you is, you are one of the nicest guys we've ever had on the show. You're nice through and through, and you were friends with these guys. Yeah. Jeff: what's the deal? Corinne is one of the nastiest people I've ever met, and you're friends with her. I was friends with all these guys here, but I was particularly friends with these two. Jeff: what is it though? You're somebody who saw something a lot of us didn't see. I think what you're seeing in randy and what people like in randy I also see in corinne. They also put up this wall sort of-- this emotional wall, but there is a big heart behind both of them. They're both wildly smart people interesting people. If you respect them, they respect you back. I was born to love randy, and I was born to love corinne, and we have so much fun together. Jeff: up next, is crystal really an olympic gold medalist? And the accent that has so many people curious, ace, is it real or fake? Plus the most underestimated player in the game, kenny. And later, sprint is awarding $100,000 to the sprint player of the season. But first, taking us to the break, our two composers david vannacor and russ landau. * *  I am a 2004 olympic gold medalist. Jeff: crystal takes a hard hit. Crystal really struggling for fang. Crystal once again off the course. Crystal back on the course. I was in the game. Jeff: crystal in the water first. I just wasn't participating as much as I normally do. Jeff: this challenge is nationally under way. And after one second, crystal is out. ( laughter ) ( applause ) *  Jeff: crystal, you talk about having a target on your back. When you come on to this show billed as an olympic gold medalist in a show filled with challenges, huge expectations. But I gotta say, next to whether or not ace's accent is real, the most-asked question is, "Crystal? Really, she's an olympic gold medalist?" can we see some proof?"  Yes, you sure jeff. I am an olympic gold medalist, okay. Here's my medal. ( applause ) from the 2004 games. I was a member of the 4 x 4 relay which won gold. Jeff: we're look at a shot of you right there. ( applause ) so you are legitimized. Yes. Jeff: then the next question, "What happened?" you're an athlete. You couldn't do anything out there. I know. Oh, jeff, those challenges were so hard. I am built to run around a circle. I am not built to run on lorkz run uphill, swim-- I am not a fish. I am a runner, a horse, a gazelle. Those challenges they are hard. Jeff: did any of your friends from the olympics call you and say, "What is going on?"  I have one of my closest friends here tonight and she's an olympic medalist and called me up all the time, crystal, you suck." ( laughter )  What about people on the street? Are they more or less forgiving? They are-- they are actually more forgiving. They're like put aside the whole athletic side of the side. They said, "Crystal, we love how you just tell it like it is," so that made up for it. Jeff: dan you took a lot of grief out there. It was probably a surprise to you when you watched the show and saw what people were saying about you. How do you deal with that? You're kind of vulnerable on the show? You're absolutely vulnerable in a way that you don't have in your everyday life. You're taken away from your inner security circle. I think you just have to remember who are you, and that's really all that matters. And if you can remember who you are and you're confident about who you are, I think every decision you make on a day-to day basis is the important thing. ( applause )  Jeff: you got a round of applause for that. Kenny, gamer. This is the thing I want to know. Educate me about gaming because you were billed as a world class, world champion gamer. What is that-- give me some credentials? Basically, I would travel around the world and then play these tournaments, and, you know there are tournaments where there's a chance for me to travel, play video games and get some money. I've got some sponsors, and I was able to make more than $50,000 doing that for um-- I started playing games when I was a kid. But, you know, I figured I could make a career out of it prayer while and support me through college. Jeff: you're so charming. You just go on ask and on. I like it. I just didn't know who you were talking to. ( laughter ) what's the connection between playing those games and "Survivor," if there is one? Well, in the gaming community I'm known for my thing-- my thing called mind games, and I kind of put that to the "Survivor," just like to be able to manipulate players and try to make them do what I want them to do. And vote my way. And I think that-- it did kind of help a bit. Jeff: what was your downfall in this game? Oh, definitely I got cocky. I was like-- I thought I was the top of the world. I thought, hey, I'm in charge. I thought it was a chess game. You do this, you do that. But no. Not everyone on "Survivor" is a piece I can move. They had their own head. They had their own mind. When I got cocky, that was definitely my downfall. I thought I could run the game. But once you get that cocky in "Survivor"-- I'm a big fan, so everyone who ever got cocky and thought they could run the game thought it was-- it was a downfall for them. Jeff: love life update. When you came on the show you said I haven't had a girlfriend in years, years. Has anything changed? Well, I've talked to some girls lately. ( laughter ) I mean, yeah, girls are actually finding me attractive, which is kind of weird. But... I mean, I want someone who likes me for me and not because I was on "Survivor." ( applause )  Jeff: well, okay... Then what about beautiful michelle with whom you guys had a little something there, michelle. You think I'm beautiful? Thank you, jeff! Jeff: michelle, any chance with you and kenny? You guys in your first-- in your only episode, had a nice little moment where you ate a termite for him. Now I have nightmares that this big termite is trying to meet me and he's wearing a fang-- what do you call those things-- a buff. He is wearing a fang buff and he's chasing me because I ate his daughter. Jeff: kenny, maybe stay single. I agree. ( laughter )  Jeff: we love you, michelle. I know. Jeff: ace, you've got to get this all the time. But I want to put an end to it-- the accent. Some people said it was inconsistent thus raising the suspicion maybe it was not real. I am from mississippi. I was raised in london. My parents are english and I lived there for eight years. So my accent sort of stuck. Jeff: do you think something as simple as an accent could have affected you in this game? Completely. I think in retrospect I should have-- I have the worst impression of an american accent possible, but I should have faked an american accent and had an english accent in confessional. Jeff: gabon was not easy and it would have been a lot tougher without the help of the gabonese government, and they are here tonight. We want to thank them because they made this whole season possible. Thank you, guys. ( applause ) when we come back, we will catch up with the rest of the survivors and find out who is going home with $100,000 in their pocket. First, let's take another look at some of the friends we made in gabon. It's here in our camp, among us all day, because we hear them all day, but you can't necessarily see them all the time but to actually see one and put the face to the noise, it's magnificent. ( applause )  Jeff: well, since thursday, viewers have been texting in and vote online for the sprint player of the season, in other words, they're voting for the "Survivor" they like the best. The votes are in. One of you is about to win $100,000. I'm going to tell you the top three vote-getters. Matty is right. Matty is one of the top three vote-getters. ( applause ) bob is one of the top three vote-getters. And sugar. ( cheers and applause ) is one of the top three vote getters. And if it were held in this audience, sugar would win, based on that applause. I can tell you that matty is number three. Which brings us down to sugar or bob. Sugar, the survivors may not have liked you, but the audience definitely liked you. ( cheers and applause ) unfortunately, they liked bob a little more. Bob is the winner. Of the sprint $100,000 player of the season, congratulations. This has been a big night for bob. And virtually no reaction. ( laughter ) somebody yank on that bow tie, see if bob is still awake. It's got to be a compliment, not only to win the game but have people so happy you won that they want to give you more money. ( applause ) here, hold on. Let me answer, "Yeah, it's really great and I just want to thank everybody for their support and if you need to know how to tie a bow tie go to my web site, bob.Com from maine."  He's in shock. Jeff: matty, give us an update on the love affair. I love when the loved ones come. Some people don't like it. You got engaged. Are you still engaged? I'm still engaged. We have a date. We're completely on top of everything, the color schemes, the food. Everything's covered, and I may not have completed the game the way I necessarily wanted to, but I did succeed in that, and that was probably the most important thing to me coming on the show. Jeff: there she is, there's your fiance. ( applause ) and you got her a ring because you made her a ring on location. Did you get another ring? Yeah, when I got home I got her-- the l.A. Version. So it was a little different, but it looks good. They both look good. Jeff: congratulations. Thank you. Jeff: paloma, one of the things I thought was interesting you said as a result of being on this show that you can do anything now. You believe you can do anything. Yeah, I do. I feel every experience that you get in life, if you survive it, you're just a better and stronger person, and "Survivor" did that for me and I think it did that for all of us. I just feel anything that is thrown at me in life I can conquer, and I believe that, and I believe everybody here has had a similar experience. ( applause )  Jeff: kelly, one of the youngest people on the show this season. Yes. Jeff: what impact did this experience have for you? What do you take back home with you? Everything. The experience being with all these people. Usually I'm liked by everybody, but it was really hard to try to get along with all of these people and be stuck in a hut and be the least liked player on team. I've grown so much. And I appreciate everything, my family and everything a lot more. Jeff: g.C., the only person to ever go missing in action before a challenge. You-- we were going to start that challenge without you, brother. I'm telling you. What happened? Man, I was looking for a popeyes or something out there. My stomach. ( laughter ) the player was hungry, man. Boy, it was hurting out there. My stomach was talk to me and I thought I have to jump on that boat and get something now. I went to look for food. Jeff: jacquie, the best experience of your life? It was. It was a great chance to step out of reality, step outside from the busy pace of life. We were completely detoxed from technology, and it gives you a great chance to really reflect on what's truly important. Jeff: quickly, gillian, you applied more than anybody else. Was it worth it? It was so worth it, jeff. I have applied for years and years. Jeff: we are glad you made it on the show. All right, find out where "Survivor" is headed to next when the "Survivor: gabon" reunion show returns after this. ( cheers and applause ) ( cheers and applause )  Jeff: as this season "Survivor" comes to a close, take a look at where here heading to next. In the new year, "Survivor's" going to one of the most rugged locations yet. The brazilian highlands. Two tribes will be stranded in the majestic interior of brazil for 39 days. The only relief in the midst of this unforgiving land is a river oasis, the rio novero. Scorching temperatures, torrential downpours, dangerous wildlife. Who will have what it takes to outwit, outplay, and outlast all the others? Find out on "Survivor tocantins." ( applause ) tomorrow morning, bob will appear on the "Early show" on cbs and receive his check for $1 million. Immediately following tonight's show you can bid on one-of-a kind memorabilia proceeds to benefit the serpetine projects. If you have what it takes to be on the show, go to cbs.Com. We'd love to see you out there. Thanks for your loyalty. Good night. ( cheers and applause ) captioning brought to you by survivor productions, cbs, captioned by media access group at wgbh access.Wgbh.Org