<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor":  At the Upolu tribe-- there was five of us sit, out by the canoe. Jeff: A random conversation on the first night turned into a final five pact. Later, Coach added Edna to the group as the sixth. It's my job to protect her. Jeff: After the merge, when the alliance of six was in danger-- there's a  line in the sand. Come across that line. Jeff: Coach persuaded Cochran to flip and join his alliance as their seventh. I got Cochran on our side to play the rest of the this game. I convinced him he will be valued and loved over here. Jeff: But on day 29 when he was on the chopping block, cock ran used all the  tRicks he learned at harvard law to make a final summation. He said I know a lot of you feel indebtedded to me. Don't feel indebtedded to you. Screw you. Jeff: At tribal council, once again Brandon put his foot in his mouth. Everybody here knows what's going to happen with these two. Tonight I vote out Cochran, and the next night I vote for Edna. Jeff: Cochran heads to Redemption Island and Edna has to figure out a way to  stay in the game. Oh, Cochran. Cochran, has arrived. Cochran, Cochran, Cochran. Why? Why? Didn't you learn your lesson? I got-- you know, I got screwed. I'm humiliated. Oh, God. I'm sorry, buddy. It happens to the best of us. The big move I made at the merge in jumping over to Upolu, in retrospect, may  not having have been the best move. I absolutely feel like Upolu used me. The fact that they did absolutely nothing to show request sort of gratitude,  apart from lip service, is insulting to me. Drank the kool-aid. I know you did. Well, i've got a way that you can not let them win. All you have to do is vote for me if I make it. If you had a choice between me or Coach? Uhm... I'm not ready to commit to that. And it's kind of insulting that's that it's already a forgone conclusion in  his mind that I’m going to lose at the duel. What if I demolish you in a duel. How come that's never talked about? That's true. As a possibility. That's true. And if you make it to the end i'll vote for you? Really? How about that? Do I have a chance of beating you at a duel? You have a chance. Everyone has a chance. He really doesn't stand a chance. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, good morning. Good morning. Albert, whenever you're ready, bro, i'd like to say morning pray before  everybody disburses. She said she's not part of this tribe. So she walked off. When Brandon announced he wanted to pray with the tribe, he made it clear to  me yesterday at tribal that I’m not part of the tribe. I'm next to go. You sleep next to these people and they tell you from day one that you're  included in the tribe, blah, blah, blah, blah,. And we're going to preach honesty and integrity. I feel like Cochran has. I feel duped. Thank you for Edna, father God. Coach and how can you be not the leader? He's the one preaching it day in and day out. This is reality. This is real life for these individuals, and to treat me like a second-class  citizen, is that true life? I can't believe I volunteered to come out here to be deceived by everybody. Everybody gets deceived. It's just eye just feel like the deception was that we were six strong, blah,  blah, blah. But we were. Now there's six, okay. Okay, if you want-- can I just finish-- sorry, sorry. We are a tribe. It now goings an individual game. You guys are telling me it's an individual game at five. Do you see? Edna, please just-- and, clearly you knew and everybody else knew that I was  a second-class citizen in this and that's what I don't like. That's not true. That's not true. I'm going to tell you right now that's not true. Everybody! I just feel like one guy-- we have tree mail! Yes, we do! A 19-year-old high school dropout. I'm here, everyone. Who's advertised that he's crazy to dictate to me the direction of my own  destiny here. Tree mail! Right in the middle of Ednas melted down, Brandon comes running into camp,  "guys guys, guys, it's "it's a sprint tree mail. You're all together now so the best just got better. Before the duel cheer as you watch your video letters. Awesome. Videos from home. I want to cry right now, man. Hey, Ricky. I'm here. She's beautiful. Holy cow. The kids, of course, are missing you. The dogs thought you fell off the face of the earth. And I’m sure sick of feeding those cows. Hurry home. We miss you lots and love you lots, love you. Hey, Edna, it's me. I'm sure you're doing really well out there but we worry about you a lot and  I hope that it's become everything that you wanted it to be. It was very emotional to see my sister because she's a small version of me--  an over-achiever. I'm very proud of her. I don't tell her enough. Hi, Sophie. I wasn't sure you were going to get this far in the game, but did you. You promised you would, and you delivered, Sophie. Love you very much. Bye. Hi, Albert. It's me. Here island. I just want you to know no matter what happens you're a winner to me, and may  God bless you, son, I love you. Coach, what's up, dude? My brother. You know I love you from the bottom of my heart. I'm extremely proud of you. Mom and dad are proud of you, and you're the man. Keep it going, brother. Hey, Brandon, I’m here on the island, and-- that's your dad? And i've had a long time to kind of think about how much I really love and  you miss you and no one will ever be able to take your place. And I just want you to make good decision, not based off of the game so much. Make decisions based off of your heart. Do what your heart tells you. Yes, sir. And you won't go wrong. Yes, sir. Love you, man. To see my father was amazing today. I love him, man, and I can't wait to just see him, whether I get to spend  time with him or not. Jeff: We'll now bring in the competitors for today's duel. Ozzy will be battling against Cochran. Welcome to Redemption Island arena. Before we get to your duel, this morning in tree mail you guys received the  evo 3-d from sprint. Edna, i'll take it back. Now, Ozzy, Cochran, there is a twist to today's duel, but i'll save that for  a moment and get to what is more pressing for the two of you, which is what  could be a million-dollar duel. Here's how it works. For today's duel, you will use grabbling thooks retrieve three bags. Each bag contains a ball. Once you have all three bags, you will use one ball to solve the table maze. First person to get it right stays alive in this game. The loser is out for good. Their adventure over, no shot at the money. Big stakes. This is it. One shot. Take your spots. Here we go. Survivors ready? Go. Cochran's first toss a little short. Ozzy's first toss lands his first bag. On the end, Cochran, on the end of the rope. Jeff: Cochran getting some help from his former tribemates. Ozzy with his second toss and another bag. Cochran, can he slide it over? There you go, there you go. Jeff: Cochran has his first bag, gotta get it bag. Ozzy has two bags. One bag left. That should do it to grab his third and final bag. Ozzy has his three bags. Take them back to the platform. Envision it, Cochran. Watch that rope flying out there and snagging that bag. Keep fighting, Cochran. Let's go. Ozzy working on the table maze. Cochran with another great toss. He's got his second bag. Let's go, pick it up! Get that thing back! Ozzy doing a nice job on that maze, taking his time. Knows he's got a big lead right now. Cochran with a great toss. That will get his third bag. Go, hercules. Jeff: Get it back. Good job. Jeff: Cochran now has his bag. Just need one ball to start working on that maze. Ozzy very calm on the maze get, closer to the inner circle. Smooth and easy. Jeff: Cochran going to have to go for broke and he does. Cochran quickly in the middle of this maze. Cochran made up a lot of time with one very aggressive move. Ozzy, he's close, but it's very difficult. Ozzy falls out, Ozzy has to start over. Come on, buddy. Jeff: Suddenly, Cochran is back in this duel. Take your time, he's nowhere near you. Jeff: Ozzy's ball drops again. Cochran in line to defeat one of his biggest idols in this game. Cochran-- oh, so close. Cochran dops out. He's back to the start. Ozzy now has the lead. This duel is still up for grabs. Take your time, bud. Get back to it, get back to it. Jeff: Cochran having a lot of success. It's a crazy, unwieldy strategy, but it's working. Take your time, buddy. Cochran nearing that inner circle. Ozzy nearing the inner circle. Both very close. We have a duel going here. Cochran with a nice move. Take your time, Cochran, stay cool. Jeff: You have to stay calm with this maze. Ozzy with a good save. It is Ozzy and Cochran. Right now either guy could win it. Take your time. Jeff: Both guys within inches of the finish. Cochran very close and he drops out in the inner circle again. Ozzy wins the duel and stays alive! [ applause ] it's okay. Oh, man, Cochran! Good job, buddy. Good job, Cochran. Good job, Ozzy. Dude, you almost got me! Jeff: Cochran. Yeah. Jeff: You almost did it. Even though I didn't win-- i-- I was going up probably one of the most  challenge dominators to ever play this game and to come so close is dream  full filmment for me. I love "Survivor." I love, I breathe "Survivor." to be  here. To be facing you. To hear you say, "come on in, guys," before the challenge. I'm thinking, I’m one of the guys! He's talking about me. It's one surreal moment after another and I’m talking to kind of prevent  myself from getting teary eyed and stuff because this has been, by far, the  most incredible moment of my life. Jeff: Really? Yeah. Jeff: What are the tears -- where are they coming from? It's coming from a realization that I’m not the person I necessarily thought  I was. And that I can be a better person that's more pleased with himself and the  decisions that he makes and the things he pursues. Jeff: I gotta tell you, Cochran, because you risked, because you weren't the  most likely guy on this show and you found your way out here and you were  ridiculed and people picked on you and you didn't back down. In fact you did one of the biggest moves in this game. I think a part of you died out here and a new part reborn. Thank you [ applause ]. Jeff: And now, unfortunately, the adventure has come to an end. It is time for you to go. [ applause ]. Good job, man. Good job, bro. Thank you. Make that sweater vest [ applause ] jeff: All right, Ozzy, you stay alive in  this game. You are one step closer to getting back into the game. In a moment, you're going to make a very big decision that impacts the six of  these guys, but before you make that decision, I want you to know what is at  stake. Sophie, been out here 31 days. There is nothing like the love of a dad to make it all good. Y thurston, come on out. Oh, my God. [ applause ] thurston! I love you. Jeff: Give him a quick hug, Sophie. Come on back. I want reese ease peanut butter cups, and fresh made banana bread and a  hamburger. Jeff: Edna, here's your sister, debbie. [ applause ] okay, how are you? I'm very worried about you. Really? I'm okay. Jeff: Coach, a lot of people on the fence about you. Is he for real? Who knows? My brother knows. Jeff: Your brother, pete, would know. Pete, come on down. Give Coach some love. Man, you look awesome. Jeff: That's a hug. So good to see you. Jeff: Rick, come on down, brother. Katy, come out here. Come on, darrylin'. Come over here. Jeff: Rick needs some family love. I don't smell very good but you look good. Get a room. Jeff: Albert, here's your mom, annie. I love you so much. Look at you. You look great. Jeff: Brandon, your dad, sean, Russell hans' brother, is here to give you  some love. Come on out, sean. [ applause ] jeff: Wow. That was a lot of emotion. So now, Ozzy, you have a big decision to make. Choose one person to spend some time with their loved one. A lot of strategy in who you give love to. You could curry a lot of favor should you get back in this game. I choose Albert. Jeff: Albert will get to spend some time with his mom. I'm sorry, guys, it's just -- don't be sorry yet. Choose one more person, Ozzy. Coach. Jeff: Coach, going to get some love from his brother, pete. Choose one final person, Ozzy. Oh! Brandon. Jeff: Brandon will get to spend time with his dad. That means Rick's wife, katy, Edna's sister, debbie, and Sophie's dad,  thurston, your time out here is done. Wave your good-byes and head out. Bye, sweetie. Love you. Jeff: Sophie, Rick, Edna, got nothing for you. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. Sorry, guys. Jeff: All right, so, Coach, Albert, Brandon, you have the evo 3d from sprint. Take advantage of it. Capture these memories. You're in charge of the phone because all of you guys are going to spend your  time on Redemption Island. Lead the way, Ozzy. Get everybody and take them to your home, something you guys have not  experienced, something you guys will not forget. Yeah, so this is it. Does rain get in here? A little bit. This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to be on "Survivor. It's a once-in-a-10-million opportunity to get to the loved ones' visit. And you your mom. One, two, three. This phone rocks, man. First of all, any type of technology, you could bring out a phone from 1995  and it would maybe look somewhat cool out here, and here's this flat screen  phone. That's crazy! Check it out, man. Check out the 3d action here. Let me see this. Oh, dude! Holy smokes. So this couldn't have come at a better time. This is an incredible pick-me-up at this point in the game. I think Ozzy picked me in the hopes I would be in his corner. I got one better for you Ozzy. I'm in your house. I want to talk to you. I'm not going-- I’m not going to b.s. you man, I’m always going to be straight with you and I want you to be  straight with me and I want you to keep this conversation confidential. Of course. As soon as you get back from redemption, there will be either six or five,  and I have a perfect final three scenario. You, me, and one other person. I'm giving you my word, dude, as a christian man. If you'll notice in this game, I say, hey, it would be great to take tout  final three. When I say as a christian man I promise you this is what I will do that's an  irrevocable promise. I want to take him to the final three. Let's do it. I cannot wait. Me, too. All right, cool, man. It's going to be such an example to people. It's going to change people's lives. Spit on a million dollars. Spit on the sole "Survivor." what are you here for, then? I'm here to set an example for christ, bro. And I’m going to play this game out with honor and integrity and like christ  would play it. I know you're loyal and that's the way i've always taught you to be. But I’m just saying. What? At the end of the day and you know that a move would put you into the final  three-- no. Brandon, are you kidding me? I'm not kidding you. You came here to win a million dollars. Let's not lose perspective. It's changed. It's changed, man. I'm sorry if it make us upset. It doesn't make me upset that you want to stand on the fact that you're a  crib but you're also here to do a job and that job is to bring home the gold. I'm seeing Brandon frazzled. I'm seeing him eye don't like what I see. So I’m really glad that I came today because if I had to grade Brandon on the  way he's playing right now i'd probably give him about a "c." I don't  know how he hasn't gotten voted out yet. God also wants us to be wise, be wise and make a good position. Put your family in a good position or you can just go preach on the street  corner and don't worry about money. Just trust that God-- God-- dude, our lives have been planned out since we  were born, bro. He has to begin to play the game and play it to win it. It's the Hantz way, baby. You have got to put yourself into this final three, and then at that point  that's when it's up to God. I'm glad I came out here. Because Brandon really looks like he's not holding together well. Yeah. So I just wanted to confirm that you were going to take him, you know, make  sure-- where you really were with him. Yeah, yeah, sure. You're the single person that he has all his eggs in basket. At this point, who do you want to bring to the final three? When it get to five, I have to figure out-- you're going to make a decision. I have to make a decision-- before I leave here, i'll tell him whatever you  tell him to do, period. It's in your hands. So there it is. That's it. Brandon Hantz's dad, a chip off the old block. They're all cut of the same cloth. Brandon's dad comes out here and basically tries to bully me into making sure  his son goes all the way to the end and wins a million dollars. Even if he wins a challenge, he goes to you to ask what-- ever single vote,  i'll go to you to ask. All right. I'm good with that. Are we down? Are we straight? It's all about manipulation and control and the Hantz family are the kingpins. I'm not going to have anybody brow beat me and handcuff me into a final three  with Brandon. The kid is a loose cannon. [ tick-tick-tick ] he is a ticking time bomb. Jeff: Come on in, guys! You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge? First things first, Albert, i'll take it back. Once again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, your goal is to keep moving across a giant puzzle board. You'll take turns flipping over a puzzle piece and stepping on to it. Once a piece is turned over, you can never step pack on to it. Once you're out of moves, you're out of the challenge. Last person left standing wins immunity, safe at tribal co council, one step  closer to the million dollars. Losers, somebody will be voted out and sent to Redemption Island. Where Ozzy is anxiously awaiting your arrival. We'll draw for spots, we'll get started. All right, Sophie, you're up first. Albert. You're trying to get as big a piece of this pie as you can. Once you run out of yellow tiles, you are out. Coach, is this challenge a little bit like a metaphor for the game, the moves  you make early will dictate your success later? That's exactly right. Great metaphor, jeff. Took the words right out of my mouth. Jeff: Sophie. Albert. Brandon with an interesting move, moves toward Albert. Coach is moving closer to Edna. Circle's getting very small. Looks like Edna is getting squeezed out. Edna just reduced Brandon's options quite a bit. It's no problem. Jeff: Brandon feeling very confident. Rick makes his move, and with that Coach gives what appears to be a dragon  slayer move. It looked like to be-- a little dragon slayer. Albert has one move to make. He goes into the center square, and that will be Albert's last move. Albert is out of this challenge. Edna looking at her limited options. Brandon makes his last move ser moansly. Brandon, out of this challenge [ applause ]. I'm kind of explaining exactly what I did over here. Jeff: What's that? I was talking to him about my little vault gee there. Jeff: What was it? I just wanted to cover enough surface area to where a particular person  didn't win this immunity. You can just use my name from now on like you do. Jeff: Edna, they talking about you? I don't think they were talking about anybody else here. It's pretty straightforward. I was so unlucky enough to be not on the beach the first day, and now that  repercussion, just like you used the analogy, your moves on day one, or your  early moves have implications later on. Jeff: Edna, you're up. Coach. Coach can feel the necklace. He has the biggest piece of real estate on the board. It is his challenge to lose. Rick. Rick makes his last move. Thank you [ applause ]. Jeff: Take a spot on the bench. Sophie makes her last move. Sophie's out of the challenge [ applause ] Edna, Edna with every move you  make, you seem to get more agitated. It's a bit of insult to say mildly. It's been a team sport for some individuals and at some point, they're going  to have to realize it will be an individual game. Jeff: Edna, make your last move. With that, Coach wins individual immunity, is safe tonight at tribal council. Coach, come on over. [ applause ]. Thank you, jeff. Jeff: Coach, safe tonight at tribal council. Cannot vote for Coach. As for the rest of you, Edna, Rick, Brandon, Sophie, Albert, after 32 days in  the South Pacific, somebody voted out tonight and sent to Redemption Island. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. I'll see you at tribal. Congrats. Help a sister out, Coach. Brandon's so truthful he sticks his freaking smelly foot in his mouth and get  in trouble. I'm not going to let this make me down. If she wants to put me as her little bad guy today, i'll be the bad guy. Hopefully my tribe will stay strong and as long as we coi have more game to  play and I’m going to enjoy that breakfast on day 39. Every day, the people in this tribe surprise me with the things they do. And every day I’m recalculating who I think the jury's going to hate who I think  the jury's going to love. And Brandon opened his mouth. He was really rude to Edna. There was no reason to tell her "we're all trying to get you out."  I mean, that's a bullying thing to do. Do you boys need some water filtered? Why do you got to do that, Brandon? And I like Edna. It didn't need to happen. She was clearly not going to win the game so why kick her in the guts like a  little dog, calling a dog over, come here, come here, come here, and whack it  in the gut with your foot. You know, that's not right. Edna, I just wanted to let you know, I didn't mean to make you feel bad or  anything. Well, you did. Did I really? Yes, I was about to cry. I feel like I’m going to cry now. Well, you know me in any situation, I’m very transparent with what's going to  happen. Hopefully you respect that. I didn't mean any harm. I didn't want to be rude we saying someone's name. The fact that you even brought it up is a little bit unnecessary to mention. I think. All I can say is I’m sorry and I hope you accept my apology. I mean, at this point, it's like you already did it, so. I understand. I accept the consequences of my action. Brandon did verbalize an apology but it's insigne tear. It's like beating your wife. And then approximationing or buying her a diamond necklace. I bought her a diamond necklace. I apologized, and that's it. In his mind, it's like okay, she apologized. Let's move on to the next insult. Brendan, I think, often thinks his apology absolves all sin. Maybe that's true in church but on "Survivor" people are not as  forgiving, you know, as Jesus christ is. And Edna is not as forgiving and the rest of the tribe-- it didn't go  unnoticed with us. I have a proposition for you all. Obviously, I want to save my own hide and live another day in this game. My campaign right now is at the expense of Brandon. We've been preaching that our tribe is about honor, integrity, and playing  this like it's real life. And I feel as tho the actions of Brandon in the last 32 days don't-- aren't  really consistent with that. It's day 32, and I ask you to define what honor and integrity is. Does it include lying to your other tribe mates? Does it include all these emotional outbreaks? I just ask you to juxtapose against the way I performed in this game. I just cannot accept the fact that our tribe says honor and integrity and  honor and integrity and then you allow such behavior to happen in our camp. That is almost a hall pass for him to act irrationally around camp and  emotionally destructive to everybody around us-- me, Mikayla, you guys, when  you guys were involved in the Mikayla thing. My neck is in the guillotine right now. And I’m just giving you guys-- please, give me one more day here. Edna provocatively put something on the table. Vote out Brandon tonight, keep me, and the four of us will take ownership of  this game. Systematically she just laid it all the out for us. If there's any argument for us to send somebody else home tonight, she served  Brandon up vo-pitch style. A pitch we can knock out of the park. On a day we definitely thought Edna was going to go home, that's not the case  anymore. All right, give it to me straight. You take an independent jury. And you put Edna on the stand and you put brendan on the stabbed. Who will be convicted guilty? Brandon. Who is more deserving of staying? Idna. Absolutely. They don't want to send Brandon to redemption, have him win and come back. That's fine and good and everything. It's just-- I have to ask this question because it's definitely an option. Would you be-- I have to ask it because it's definitely an option. Will you play your idol for me? No. What are your intentions for the idol. When do you think you'll use it? I don't think i'll use it. If I use the idol right now, everybody else in the game no longer trust meas. If I play the idol, I’m for sure the next person to go. If I give you the idol they're going to vote my ass off. Like, 100%. I just don't want to go down without at least attempting everything. I admire that, I admire that. You know, absolutely, you should go up and tell, you know, Albert and Sophie. You should go tell Albert and Sophie I talked to Coach and everything is cool. See you at tribal. See how they vote. Obviously I’m not going to be writing my name down. I'll be writing Brandon's name down. All I need is the 22 of you too come on board and just-- I just want to hear  if that's something that you would even consider. Honestly, I’m not going to b.s. you. I'm giving it legitimate thought. I just have to know that our numbers are there. Right. It's just you and Sophie, basically. You're saying Coach is 100% in right now. Absolutely. 100%. I personally never heard that from him, but okay. Coach is 100%. I'll eat-- the only thing I can say is i'll eat a piece of his [ bleep ]. That's how much of 100% I am that he's in with this. You know, Edna can kind of feel the heat baring down on her. But Edna smacks really good poins. Edna said straight up, I’m not a threat. I'm not going to win the game. I'm not going to be very competitive in challenges. Just save my neck now and I can guarantee you guys a place in the final four. At this point in anytime Survivor" any time you can have a place that  deep in the game, it's appealing. If I can do that, there's a chance Brandon might have a big surprise tonight. Surprise tonight. Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Jim. Keith. Dawn. Whitney. And Cochran. So, Edna, based on today's challenge, it's clear you're in the hot seat  tonight. When you go back to camp, who do you target as the person who should go home  instead of you? I've been trying to target Brandon. His objections, behaviors, and words have been inconsistent with our Upolu  mantra of-- what is it again, Coach? Our mantra is honor, loyalty, integrity. And I think of all the remaining tribe members, Brandon deviates most from  our mantra. From the first tribal council, he plotted a lie that involved Stacey and Christine  against Mikayla to create disruption. Today's challenge was another champion. He said, "my strategy was to prevent you, Edna, from winning  immunity." how is that consistent with honor and integrity? Jeff: Brandon, what's it like to hear this moments before we vote somebody to  Redemption Island? You know, it's all right. I don't really have anything negative to say about Edna. She's misconstrewed a lot of things. She's been inaccurate -- I have to say, brendan, I remember the first tribal  and the lie and I remember you admitting it. And everyone here, including our jury, knows that. Jeff: I thought you were just saying she's misconstrued everything. Well, my apologies. Honestly, I feel like she's just taking shots at me. I don't mind being a punching bag today but I don't think she should take at  my character personally. I've actually been pretty open with everything, with every single thing. Jeff: So, would it hurt your feelings if you were vote out tonight? Absolutely. And after hearing the things that Edna said about me, it hurt my feelings a  lot because i've never had a negative thing to say about Edna, despite the  fact that she's running around the tribe and planting seeds in people's minds. Jeff: Edna-- to clarify, I wasn't planting seeds. I am not fabricating the events that happened. They want. I didn't make one of those things up. Jeff: Sophie, take me through the difficulty of something like this. Now that you are with a group of people that you have been together for 32  days? Right. As everybody said, we're a family. We have all this unity. We have all this loyalty. But as Savaii has been reminding us, it's going to end soon, and I think  today is that day that it's ending. Jeff: Albert, where do you sit on this? Well, it gets difficult when you goat this point you know because a lot of  people have contributed to us getting here, but when you look at that core,  it always starts to get thinner and thinner the deeper go into this game and  we're making a decision between how the game is played out and the promises  that were made early on. Jeff: All right, let's get to the vote. Coach has the immunity necklace. Everybody else is fair game. It is time to vote. Rick, you're up. Rick, you're up. Brandon, I know you came out here to cleanse your family name. You're not doing a very good job at it. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has the hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now would be  the time to do so. Okay, once the votes are read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Edna. Brandon. Edna. Two votes Edna, one vote Brandon. Edna. Three votes Edna, one vote Brandon. 14th person voted out, Edna. That's four. That's enough. You need to bring me your torch. Edna, the tribe has spoken. You will have a chance to get back in this game. Grab your torch. Head to i'd. Good luck. Thanks, jeff. Jeff: Well, from the beginning, you've said it would be the five of you. Now what? Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, captioned by media  access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our  next episode. Jeff: Next time on "Survivor": We know that we can go at it with  honor, loyalty, and integrity. That is not true. Don't you lie to me. That is not true. They told us. Will you [ bleep ] let me finish. I do not care a single thing about honor and integrity. Edna thinks she may have it. No way. Ozzy? Yeah. Sorery to scare you. It's Edna. Hey, Edna. I was very disappointed to see Coach write down my name. His constant fear of looking like he's betrayed the tribe has made me feel  betrayed by him.