<br/>Jeff: Over the ranging waters of  the South Pacific, two of "Survivor's" most memorable players, Ozzy  and Coach are, returning for a shot at redemption. I played this game twice. I haven't been successful. This time I’m trying to control my sense of self-righteousness and judgment  on the others. I'm back because this is one more shot for me to prove to everybody that I can  own this game and that it can be done with honor and integrity. I've been the guy that's able to climb coconut trees and hunt fish. I've also been really strong in challenges, but I don't think I had the best  strategy. Go, Ozzy! This time I’m more mature and i've learned from my mistakes. I need redemption because I feel like I just haven't been able to lock my  hands on the million dollars. I've almost been there a few times and I just haven't been able to finish. Jeff: This is Redemption Island arena where their battle will begin. Thel be competing against each other and a new group of castaways, each with  their own story to tell. &gt;&gt;im by far the most "Survivor" savvy player ever to play the  game. I've never missed a single episode. At law school I won a prize-winning essay on "Survivor." I don't  have a great background in outdoorsman activitieses, but I’m native american. So I’m hoping that somewhere in my ancestral background, the great spirits  will impart on me some wisdom. I'm 51 years old. I own my own ranch in utah, cattle ranch. If you didn't train before you got here, I mean, if you didn't run, if you  didn't learn how to build a fire, you might as well spit in the wind. I'm 44 years old. I'm a funeral director mortician. I have four children. Being the mother they am, I’m going to have my eyes and my ears open. You think I’m asleep. I'm not asleep. I'll be nosy as hell. I am Russell Hantz's nephew. It's like being related to hitler, but I don't think hitler's nephew was  running around saying, "hey, I’m hitler's nephew." I came out here  to change the course of the Hantz family's name. Jeff: It is the ultimate challenge-- 18 strangers forced to work together to  create a new society while battling the elements and each other. They must learn to adapt or they'll be voted out. In the end, only one will remain to claimant million-dollar prize. 39 days, 18 people, one Survivor. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, and ford. Drive one. Drive one. Jeff: Come on up, guys. Welcome to "Survivor: South Pacific" [ cheers and applause ] you  have all been divided into two teens but your tribes are not yet complete. Two more people are going to be joining you in this game. Let's bring them in. Oh, man. Oh, my God. Who is it going to be? I'm a little bit nervous to see who it is. Let's hope it's not Russell. Oh, my goodness! That would suck. I hope it's not Russell. Me, either. The lady next to me, she goes, "oh, my God, I hope it's not Russell Hantz."  I will never, ever tell them my last name. They're not going to think I’m a Hantz. As long as I keep my shirt on because this tattoo says "little Hantz"  on it and this tattoo says "Hantz" on it. Hey, so we're excited for these people. Oh, yeah? Yeah, oh, absolutely. They were part of the family. Ozzy. Oh, Ozzy's nuts. He can be on our team. He can fish like a son of a gun. It's Coach. It's freaking Coach. It is Coach. The helicopter comes in, and all of a sudden you see Coach and you see Ozzy,  and of course off the bat you're like Ozzy! Ozzy! All right! [ applause ]. This guy can claim, he can fish. He's fast. He's just an amazing athlete, somebody you want to have on your tribe. And Coach, he is just going to be so loony and out there, he's just going to  be nuts. Jeff: That's kind a nice welcome. It's the best welcome ever. Jeff: In a cutthroat game. Oh, yeah, definitely. Definitely. Jeff: Woman in the front. Christine. Jeff: Christine, reaction to seeing Coach and Ozzy coming back into the game? Ozzy and the dragon warrior [ laughter ] it's good to see them. You know. It's nice. [ laughter ] jeff: Meaning? They're temporary players. Oooh. Ouch. Jeff: Guy in the back, what's your name? John. I mean, okay, I know that, like, the players you really like you tend to call  them by their last names. I was hoping you could call me Cochran and continue the tradition of  donaldson, pen erob marianoiano, Cochran, I think I fit in that lineage  perfectly. Jeff: All great players. Yeah. Jeff: We'll see if you live up, Cochran. Cochran, reaction to seeing Coach and Ozzy. I mean they have so much experience. This is their third time each. They have so much knowledge of the game and in terms of the surviving that I think  they'll be huge assets to us. Jeff: Cochran you didn't even hesitate when you said they both played two  times before. You knew that. Yes. I am a fan of the game. So I’m not going to hide that. I'm-- you know, this is an out-of-body experience for me right now. I have a buff collection at home. I can play it cool but it's not going to work. It's going to be transparent so i'll come clean and say I’m a huge fan and  thrilled to see ozy and Coach. Jeff: All right, it is time to find out which tribe Coach and Ozzy are going  to be on. There are two eggs, one has blue paint inside, one has red paint inside. Choose your egg. Oh, man. Jeff: Don't smash it yet. All right, three, two, one. Smash. [ cheers and applause ] on my heart. I couldn't have been happy they're it was ozo my tribe. Ozzy! Freaking Ozzy from "cooks island." fans versus favorites. As a huge fan of Survivor it's actually a thrill to be playing with somebody  I watched and to some extentizeolided. Jeff: Coach joins the blue tribe. I did not want to see Coach's egg bleed blue. It it did. I have never, ever seen the dragon slayer and there ain't no dragons. He's in his 40s. God. Jeff: Here's your bag and water bottle. Say hello. Hello, guys how you doing? I'm not feeling a good vibe from the blue tribe. I see one lady that's shooting daggers at me, the one that said we're  temporary players. So right away i've got, like, negative vibes. So negative that I kind of grabbed a hold of my cheeks right here and thought  hold on for the ride because it's going to be rocky in the beginning. You're going to have to have twice the slayer charm to get through these  first couple of days. Jeff: Ozzy, you joan the red tribe and say hello. [ applause ] ya. Yes! I felt like I was received a lot more warmly than Coach and I was actually  hoping to go with the red tribe. They look like a good, strong tribe. Jeff: Once again, Redemption Island is in play. That means, when you are voted out of your tribe, you're not out of the game. You will be sent to Redemption Island where you will live alone. When the next person is voted out, they'll join you on Redemption Island, and  the two of you will return here to Redemption Island arena where you will  square off in a duel. The winner stays, the loser is out for good. At a certain point, the person remaining on Redemption Island will re-enter  the game and continue their quest for the million dollars. All right, it is time to get to our first challenge. Wow. Jeff: It is a hero challenge. Ozzy is going to square up against Coach. Coach, come on, now. You got it, you got it! Right away. Jeff: This is a chance for you guys to prove your worth. Here's how it goes-- on my go, you will climb to the top of a 12-foot pole  where you will retrieve a wooden turtle. You will then crawl under a log. Finally you must transfer your pyramid puzzle across a series of tables to  the third table. Moving only one piece at a time and always moving smaller pieces on top of  larger pieces. The first person to transfer their puzzle to the third table with the turtle  on top wins for their tribe reward. This is terra. It is a staple here in the South Pacific. It's the equivalent of potatoes for us back in the u.s. along with fire in the form of flint, a gigantic advantage advantage to start  this game off with. Are you guys ready for this? Yes. You got it. You got it. Jeff: Tribes take a spot. Coach, Ozzy, take your spots for the challenge and we will get started. All right, here we go. Our first challenge of the season. Chance for ozy and Coach to put up or maybe shut up. Survivors ready? Go. Ozzy's up quickly, has the turtle and he's down. Coach has hissy turtle. He's down. [ applause ] both guys now digying. Dig, dig, dig! Jeff: Both have played this game twice before. They should both be calm. Coach, come on now. There you go. Yeah, yeah, yeah! Oh, yeah! You got it. Come on! Jeff: Coach digging a big hole. Ozzy going for it. Ozzy pulling his body underneath the pole. Come oCoach! Get in n-get in! Let's go, Coach! Jeff: Ozzy is through. Coach is going to give it a go. Can he make it? Come on, Coach! Push! Jeff: Ozzy starting to work on the puzzle. Coach is through, he's working on his puzzle. One piece at a time. Smaller pieces on top of bigger pieces. Yeah! Jeff: One at a time. One puzzle piece at a time! Move it back! One at a time. Nothing bigger on smaller. Coach, Coach. You can't go big on top of small. Small to top of big. It's complicated. We get it. One piece at a time. There you go! Jeff: Slow down and just start moving pieces. Come on, Ozzy! Jeff: This is a very complicated puzzle. Help me out. Right to the middle, turtle to the top. Savaii helping Ozzy. They want the first win. Turtle on the big starch. Jeff: Upolo helping Coach. Jeff: This is how "Survivor" works right here. Team work! Good job, man! Good job. Jeff: It started as a hero duel. It is now a tribe challenge. Far left to the far right. Yes! You got it, you got it! [ cheers and applause ] goOzzy, go. Jeff: Ozzy has the base of his puzzle on the finish table. No, no, no. No. Backwards. Bring that over. Coach why-- no! Jeff: Upolo has been giving Coach a lot of help. Thus far, it is not working. Savaii, on the other hand, giving Ozzy a lot of help and it appears to be  working. Turtle right. Turtle middle. Right, left. [ applause ] go, Ozzy! Jeff: Ozzy in the lead right now. Yes! No, no, notice. That one over there. No, no, stop, stop! Turtle over here, turtle to me. Wait, wait, wait. Go back, go back. Right, left. Oh, my God, you're going to get it! Jeff: Ozzy very close. Ozzy wins for Savaii! We knot it, Ozzy! Thank you, Ozzy. Thank you. Thank you, brother. You're right in the middle here. Good job! Jeff: Ozzy, I feel like I needed to congratulate the entire tribe. Hell, yeah, you do. Jeff: That was a tribe win. There's no way I could have done it without them. I might have but we would be here all day. Jeff: Ozzy come and collect the reward you earned for your tribe. Oh, it's heavy. Jeff: You've got tarot, flint for fire and a map to your new home. Head out, guys. Good luck. We don't have to hear I got nothing for you, head back to camp. I got nothing for you, get your lame asses out. Jeff: Upolo, all i've got for you is a map to your new home. Head on out. Down the beach to your right. Need some help, Coach? Thank you. I lost the challenge. My tribe walks off and one person stops and helps me. What was your name? I'm Edna. Edna. I like your smile. Everybody else is just like don't let the door smack your ass on the way out,  essentially. Right off the bat I have to come face to face with that biggest fear-- you're  going home first. Fear-- you're going home first. Yeah! Yes! [ applause ] we got the fire. Nice job. We got the fire &gt;&gt; I think it's really actually kind of nice to have  played this game a few times and know what's up ahead of you. So, Ozzy, we're looking up to you right now. Yeah. I think that a new tribe like this looking at me as a returning player,un,  they want me to tell them how to do everything. Yeah, let's keep walking around. Let's keep checking it. I'm trying to come out here and I’m trying to play a strategic game this time. What do you do? I'm a law student. Why where? Where do you go? Harvard. I'm a songwriter, I live in nashville. My talent, my life, is poetry. The spoken word. Say something. I would walk miles and miles to protect his ageless life of a child, only  stepping on the white ones. [ applause ] I got put on the spot. So I immediately had to step up. I'm not of not going to say that I’m a potet and then not have anything to  show for it. Soin it's important when people challenge you that you step up to that so  that they know that they can trust you and they know your word is real. Say your name one more time. Semhar. Semhar. I think Semhar, she's definitely beautiful to look at. When she did her poem, I thought it was beautiful, and I think that she's  incredibly talented. I've been doing that since I was 15, performing the spoken word. I respect Semhar's passion and I think I would like to have somebody like her  alongside me for the long haul. I've had a few tribes. This is the best tribe, ever. Ya! Really, we have the advantage. We really don't don't have to worry and I don't think we should break our  necks too hard. I think we should enjoy this. Let's go swimming. Let's relax a little bit. Swim break! Come on, guys. It's so nice. You can do it. You're doing it? &gt;&gt; yeah, I don't have a choice. Ozzy suggested let's just kind of have fun in the ocean. So the only option was to get in, in our underwear, and I was really opposed  to doing this. Are you doing this, Keith? You have nothing to be ashamed of, though. That's the thing. You can waltz in there in your underpants. Neither do you. I have translucent skin and, you know-- I have this real pale skin. You can practically see through it. You you can see my organs beating through my skin. I wasn't crazy about going in the water. It is just going to make me look like more of a pathetic twerp. It's like a band-aid. Rip it off. Yeah [ laughter ] fake it till you make it. Oh no! I look different from everybody else on my tribe. We have this bevy of beautiful bikini babes, these young, beautiful women. This is what it's come to. If this is like the "900 2-1 0" tribe I’m one of the zeroes. I have to focus on the positive, visualize success. Come on! [ cheers and applause ] [ applause ] look at him. Slow motion, slow motion. [ laughter ] when I lost the challenge, when I got on a tribe that was  shooting daggers and giving me the cold shoulder, I was afraid. I was afraid. Home, sweet home. Here we are. And so I had to come face to face with that fear. You know, you can't run away from fear. You can't run away from obstacles. So I guess the first thing is, you know, we've got to get a shelter built. By the way, I don't want you guys to look at me like I’m a threat. I'm not a strategic player. I'm straight as an arrow. That's always been my downfall. I'm sorry I lost the challenge but what I really liked about it is I felt  like it was a team effort. Right. Does anybody have any experience building-- maybe we can talk about our  occupations. Okay, how about you? What do you do? I'm a rancher. Awesome. I'm actually a baseball Coach. So Coach and i-- what. I just graduated college, like, four days ago. With what degree? I was a russian and economics major. Cool. Is that it? I know a little bit more. I'm a russian economics major. Coach-- says a pretty formal way to say hello. With. The first thing we need to do is pick a location. You can't deny what the situation is. Coach has been out here twice before. He knows some things. I like this spot. Look at that. You ladies are awesome! Does girth matter on these, Coach. Sounds like two squirrels making love. You must live near a lot of squirrels. I just spend a lot of time by myself. [ laughter ] just keep peeling it apart like this. And then you just pull it out like that and eat it. It's really sweet. It's chewy. I like Coach. I think he's a team player. He's definitely working well with others. And he's showing us these little tiny tRicks, little things like that. Right now I think he's an asset. Pretty easy. I'm going to look for firewood. I am a big fan of "Survivor," so I would have to assume that  there's a hidden immunity idol somewhere. But so far, nothing. I don't think I need it. But it's nice to have it in your back pocket. Shoot. Where are you? She's look for the idol, man, 100%. Christine scares me the most. She said right off the bat, "you are a temporary player." and then  she goes looking for the immunity idol like crazy. I mean, look, when I got on to this beach I wasn't thinking about an immunity  idol. I was thinking about putting a shelter together and making this as livable as  possible. So no question about it, Christine is target number one. Christine is target number one. I'm not very shy, so-- unfortunately for y'all. Ozzy gave the idea of going to have a dip. It was the first time we'd had seen this beautiful, beautiful place that  we're in. And I was so excited. We've to the three girls on our tribe that are hot as hell. Boom! Loved it. What do you do again? Teacher. What do you teach? Science. Actually, I teach forensic science. Oh! I'm the cool high school teacher, mr. Cotter. I'm not a teacher. I have an mba. I've won over 20 poker tournaments and I own two medical marijuana  dispensaries. But I’m not going to tell any of them that. Why would i. Who is married? Good call. I have a boyfriend. I've been gay all my life-- most of my life. I would not have guessed. Please, there are feathers flying around me [ laughter ] you know, I’m here  for the million dollars just like everybody else but I’m also here for  another reason-- I’m older than most of those other guys, and I’m  experiencing life free of everything that would restrict me. I came out of the job because I felt, you know, if it could other cops behind  me. Right. It would help them. Being gay, it's who I am. If they don't like it... I think I look like a bear, what do you think? A bear. I've been called daddy bear. I'm a bear, definitely a bear. I'm Papa Bear from now on. It's not about being gay. It's about surviving. I'm a guy who sia team player and hopefully they'll see that and keep me. We need to get fire going. Fire to make sure we have extra water. It feels like the tribe is really spending this time kind of forming a bond  but coming into today, I had these hopes that, you know, we'd be really  organized, especially after winning and getting the flint and the food. So in my mind this day was gog end with kind of the shelter done. I feel like every time I watch and they don't have the shelter on day one, it  worries me. Well-- it's okay. We're going to get through this. We'll be fine. I'm going to try to get through this. It probably takes a while to relax and let things happen. I have six kids. I'm used to being in charge. Honestly, if it doesn't rain tonight I’m so happy sleeping on the ground. It seems like we should have kind of a leader, and for me, Ozzy, he's a  little bob marley to me. You know, I’m a planner. And I’m not sure bob marley is. So far, so good. By the way, what's this right here? Loco, man. You mean, because you're a bull rider. I first time I saw it I thought it said "love." and I was like it  says loco. I was like that's bad ass. I'm ashamed of that tattoo, man. I have a tattoo on my head that says loco. In spanish that means crazy. So right off the bat, people are going to start looking at my neck and  thinking I’m really crazy. At one point in my life I kind of was crazy but it was a childish thing di. I tried to act like Russell in high school. I was bullying everybody. And I’m really not like that. I'm a different person now. I grew up a lot. God is number one for me. Mikayla's a pretty good morning. I don't know, man. I think she's gonna ask a lot. Are you up? Yup. Be careful up there. I'm good. We're doing the shelter, and we needed to get the top done. Can somebody hand me one so I can start doing this area? Me and my brothers used to climb trees when we were younger so I got right up  there and was just getting to it, and when the time comes we have to get down  and dirty. This is a game, like, you couldn't be a little princess. I have two coming up top right here. I don't have patience. I just want to get stuff done so I had no problem hopping up there and  getting my hands dirty. You got some more of that stuff and we'll do this little corner right here? I don't feel comfortable around Mikayla. It's just the way that she carries herself. The way that she flaunt herself off. You want a big one? Yeah, give me what you got. You know, I grew up in the church, and I strayed off for a little bit, and  i've come back to, you know, find God again and he's always been there for me  in tough times, me being a young married gentleman. I'm not going to draw close to a situation that I know I can get myself in  trouble in. It's-- it's not cool for me. Step on top of each other and start lining them up. Start lining them up. Look at these stars. They're already out. You tonight see this in texas, man. I wish we had an astrologer here to tell us stories. I'm sure Coach could do it, but... [ laughter ]. The dragon slayer! Yeah! There was five of us sitting out by theica me. It was just kind of like a feel-out session, get to know everybody. We were talking about everything under the sun for a long time. I would love to go and win every immunity. That's goal. The challenges-- it's great to win reward challenges. It keeps your strength up and all that kind of stuff, but winning immunity,  man, that's the best thing. That's the best thing to do. If you have a strong five, you can go-- you can go so far, even you're down  numbers at the merge. I guarantee you, if you have a strong five that have good vibes with each  other, trust each other, that's an almost impossible nut to crack in this  game. There's not going to be another chance in this game where the five of us can  sit down and talk and that's I didn't pounced on it to talk about how we can  go and play this game together. I'm going to tell you right now, the four people sitting right here with me  are the four people i've gotten the best vibe from bar none. I'm with him, brother. I agree with him completely. I agree. First-day alliances are the most solid. You've seen it time and time again. Now we've got a peace of mind, just go out there and have fun. I think I’m sitting pretty. And I sure as hell wasn't at the challenge. I was in a bind. It's good to see the difference a day makes. Let me tell you something, Coach is here to play the game this time, okay. I'm not going to do anything sneaky or dishonorable but this is Coach 3.0, I’m  here to win. I'll move it. Ready? I got it with my hand. Okay, that's perfect. Aah! For real? No! All right, whatever. Let's do this again. I want my mommy. I think so day two for me is starting off a little rocky. I really didn't sleep so I think I might be having a mini-breakdown. I'm going to be okay about the I’m feeling it. Being down on the water is overwhelming for me. I'm used to drinking so much water my calves are completely cramped. You have to be strong. They're going to turnous, too. Remember we're the oldest people. They're young and vibrant, they're going to stick together. That's how I feel. Right. Papa bear is saying we're the oldest ones and that might be part of it, too,  because I feel old for the first time in forever. I haven't felt that way ever. And I guess we need vines, right, because we're going to thrash. I'm good. I'm good. Don't worry. I really am okay. I don't know if I am. I think I kind of woke up today without really being able to contain, like,  my emotions. And it really is overwhelming. I can totally get why you are, whoa, I’m spent. I can't see where this is going to go. I don't crack, so this is killing me. I know. Oh, really? No. I'm good. Are you sure? No, because this is the part where I need, like, human-- yes, of course. This is not-- this has nothing to do with the game right now. This is two people talking. Uh-huh. Seriously, the person that haas the breakdown goes. She was crying this morning and that scares the crap out of me because Dawn  and I are, let's face it, we're older than most people out there. When you cry for anything, crying is viewed as a weakness. But i'll support her. I won't turn my back on her, that's for sure. Because everybody has emotions. Just look at me. I'm, like, 15 years older than all of you. It doesn't matter. Like, I’m like, where is my common ground? &gt;&gt; uh-huh. Seriously, I have it everywhere I go, but I don't have it here. As long as you don't quit, as long as you stay strong and fighting, you'll be  in this game. You have what it takes to keep going but you have something inside of you  that's unsure and you need to-- you need to confront that and tell it to get  the hell out. I had a conversation with Dawn, and she's a little scatter, a little bit  frazzled, a little bit-- very paranoid, and whatever I can do to calm her  nerves is my job at this point. Point. Im the anchor. Listen, I’m here for you. If you want any advice, just ask me. It seems too weak. I hate it. I'm in a melt-down. I know, I know. You don't need to let it get to you. Okay, okay, okay. Just feel it and let it go. It's the name of the game. All right, thanks for the time. Really, I’m sorry. Don't, don't be sorry. I'm going to go and try to catch us some fish. Okay. If she can get out of her head and start to trust me she might be a very,  very crucial and important ally. But if Dawn doesn't get it together she very well could be going home. Do you want a toothbrush? You see how you need the bristles to get between your teeth and stuff? &gt;&gt; if you guys really want toothpaste, you can take just some ash, and  you put just a little bit of nature it so it's pasty, and you can use that as  toothpaste. I don't know if i'll take the plunge and use the ash toothpaste, but i'll go  with the toothbrush. This morning, I’m definitely starting to feel like we need to start getting  things together. I know for my own sake that I’m going to be okay but for everybody else, the  elements, the stress, the not eating, the daily labor of camp life, it's  going to start wearing on people and it already has. But right now, we've really just got to keep a strong tribe. That's just "Survivor ten.1." you're getting into that coconut. Oh, man, I have to try that next. Yeah, Cochran. Give me advice. Tell may who I’m doing right and wrong. Take your hand back. I don't know if I will get the right spot. I think I hear it. An almost mishap. I'm a little skeptical of mr. Cochran. He doesn't seem like he has the most to offer on the physical side of things. You see it? I see white stuff. Whoo-hoo! Oh, my God. Truly a coming of age story. I try to be a provider. That's my real purpose in life. I'm not the strongest guy but I think I have enough social game to kind of  overcome any deficits I have. Cocktail time. People seem to like me a lot. Is charm and some humor enough to really want to keep somebody around? I hope it is. I accomplished what I thought would be impossible, what my mom forbade me  from doing. I think my uncle Russell lacked in the social game definitely, but i'll tell  you what, I want to do what my uncle never did. I'm trying to provide food for my tribe. You know, it's just going to be to my advantage. Hey, guys! Yeah. First fish. Whooo! Fish? Oh, my God. That guy's not wasting any time. I need something to hold him in. Even though we have our alliance of five I will never reveal that I’m Russell  Hantz a nephew. As long as I keep my shirt on, as long as I make up an excuse why I won't  take it off, i've showed them some tattoo but i'll definitely never show them  this one or this one. How big? I don't want to be judged by my uncle's repitation. I think I have a really great advantage right now because I have a strong  alliance where I really think, at least a couple of people there, are really,  really sincere. Brandon I’m a little more worried about only because I have this gut  feeling-- I feel like he's hiding something. Jeff: Come on in, guys! You guys ready to get to your first immunity challenge? Yes. Yes, we are. Jeff: On my go, both tribes will race through zigzagging path ways and then  through a web of coconuts. You must then work together to get all your tribe members over a 10-foot wall. One tribe member will then dig up a masety and use it to chop a series of  ropes, releasing bane of coconuts. Three tribe members will then shoot coconuts into your basket. First tribe to get enough coconuts in their basket to raise your tribe flag  wins immunity. This is what the game is all about [ applause ] as long as you have immunity,  you are safe from tribal council. You can't be voted out. Winners are safe tonight. Losers go to tribal council where somebody will be the first person voted out  of this game and sent to Redemption Island. In addition, the winning tribe will win one clue to the location of a hidden  immunity idol which I will tell you after the challenge. Also, upolo, since you do not have fire, you are playing for fire in the form  of flint. Everybody ready for this? Yes! Jeff: Give you a minute to strategize. Going up over the wall. We need to have two people hoisting one over to grab two people, boom, boom,  boom. I'm comfortable shooting-- I’m comfortable shooting but if somebody is  really, really good, go ahead. But I’m good. I'll be one of those for sure. I can aim and I can shoot. That basket is so big. All right. Jeff: Here we go. For immunity. Survivors ready? Go! Both tribes getting through the first part of this fairly quickly. A little bit of mixing it up. Everybody's got to get to the mat before you can start through the coconuts. On the ground, on the ground. Jeff: Coach leading upolo through the coconuts. Go, upolo! Upolo hits the wall first. Get up there, bubba. Come on! Here, here. Jeff: Rick is up first for upolo. Albert's up. Savaii, you've got some catching up to do. Whitney is up first, getting a hand from Keith and Jim. Rick pulling up Edna. Everybody's got to get over. What am I doing? Get up. Stand on us. Reporter: Upolo doing a great job. They've got a great system going. Cochran struggling to get over the wall. Coach is over. Now Brandon's on his own. Albert pulling Brandon up. Good job, guys. Let's go! Let's go! Pull me up. You got it! You got it, Ricky. Jeff: Rick is digging, looking for that machete. Ozzy pushing Jim over. Ozzy's going to go it alone. Ozzy, he's over. Everybody on the mat. Go! Come on! Jeff: Ozzy's got some time to make up now. Come on, you guys, rally. Look at the sides, too, don't forget the sides. Come oRick! Jeff: Rick's got a hand on it. Let's go, Rick! Jeff: Ozzy's got his machete. We are neck and neck in our first immunity challenge. Come oOzzy. Five ropes to get through. Rick making short work of this. Whooo! Jeff: Upolo releases their coconuts. Go. Ozzy very close. Shoot it, go! Take your time. You went through this like butter. Jeff: Ozzy releases his coconuts. Three members of each tribe. Shooting coconuts. Come on, keep going. We got this! Ozzy scores. Semhar scores. You've got to get enough coconuts to lift your bag and raise your flag. Come oKeith. Come on, come on! Jeff: Keith scores for Savaii. Upolo gets three in a row. Every shot is going to count. We are now neck and neck. Servicemen Semhar just short. Ozzy scores for Savaii. Upolo drills two with alexpert Mikayla. You can do it. One at a time. Jeff: Keith scores for Savaii. Mikayla is a scoring machine. Take your time. Jeff: Semhar, way short. All you got, all you got, sem. Can we switch out? Jeff: No, no switching. I'm so tired. Come on, come on, come on. Jeff: Brandon misses. Ozzy scores. Elbart comes up short. More oomph on it. Jeff: Keith has another score. That bag is starting to list for Savaii. It's starting to lift for upolo. Come on! Jeff: Let's go! You're neck and neck! Ozzy scores for Savaii. Brandon scores again. Mikayla knocks another one in. Just a few more. It's moving, Keith. Jeff: Keith drills one for Savaii. Mikayla, that might do it. Upolo wins immunity! Upolo! Upolo! Upolo! Upolo! Jeff: This is how close this challenge was. One coconut away from Savaii. Sorry, guys. We'll get them next time. Jeff: One of the closest challenges i've ever seen in this game. Truly a great first ever by both tribes. Only one tribe comes up with the win. Immunity for upolo. Give us some love. Give us some love. Jeff: In addition you also win fire in the form of flint. One more thing for upolo. Hidden back at your camp is a clue to the hidden immunity idol. So you have to first find the clue, then use the clue to help you find the  hidden idol. Make sense? Uh-huh. Jeff: Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. Congratulations. Semhar, how are you feeling? Are you exhausted, depressed? I just felt really bad because I was so exhausted by the time I got over and  didn't think the coconuts would be that heavy to get through, so, yeah, I feel  sort of bad. Jeff: Jim, it's like you're doing mime back there with your facial  expressions. Sort of bad? I feel like eye feel worse than sort of bad. I feel sort of bad when I’m out of milk. I feel crap that we're going home to vote somebody out. Jeff: Tonight, tribal council, where somebody from your tribe will be the  first person voted out of "Survivor: South Pacific" and the first  person sent to Redemption Island. You have the afternoon to figure out who it is going to be. I will see you tonight at tribal. Grab your stuff and head back. I'm pissed that we lost. She does two baskets and she want a sub. She was adamant about what she wanted to do. She tried. She failed. Hell of a job. You guys are thriving. There are two things people do in the wild, they die or they thrive. I we won the challenge today but I think underneath this celebratory tone  there is an uneasiness because jeff mentioned that the immunity idol clue  hidden at camp, people now know that the game has started, and it might just  get ruthless. Let's just look. We got to look, too. Hell, yes. That hidden immunity idol is here somewhere. It's a lot of somewhere it could be. Looking like I’m looking and working at the same time. Turning over rock, looking up high, in big trees, looking in the holes of the  trees. I've been looking. Probably being right in our face and we don't even know it. I probably could have already stumbled over it and don't even know it. I probably have already. Could probably be right there. Could probably be right there. I kind of have something to say. I felt awful that we lost that challenge, and I know that I was a big part of  that last portion, but for someone, you, personally, who you made us look  weak, and I feel like-- yeah, and you can keep making faces but it doesn't  make me trust somebody when they're making faces behind my back when I already  feel so awful. Felt worse than you did, I’m sorry-- you didn't feel worse. No one can feel worse than I do right now. I feel terrible. Like, when somebody is already down, why push them down even more? That's all that I’m saying. I really tried to be positive for us, and I do, I feel terrible. You were making faces behind my back, and then you say-- actually, you didn't  see any of that. I did. Jeff called it out. He said I was miming, when you said you feel sort of bad I rolled my eyes. I did. All I’m saying is try not to just hurry up and turn on someone. I apologize if that's how it came across. I didn't mean to be turning on you. Everybody gave 100%. They did. I don't think there is anybody that would deny that. Something that might hold me back from this game is I’m extremely how about. I either love you or hate you and you'll probably know. I know it wasn't smart to go off on Jim in front of everyone. It's fact. I didn't do well at the last part of the challenge. I'm not going to deny that. I'm not putting your name down. I'm not. &gt;&gt; I won't put yours down. You're a nice person and your heart is here. Having started the game in a way that was pretty emotional, I think there's a  real possibility that the tribe is going to look at me and say that outbreak  being emotional like that is a liability for the tribe. But I’m hoping people will base their decisions on, you know, today forward,  especially with the conflict today with Semhar and Jim. You know what? The reality is she deserves to go. You're talking about Semhar? Yeah. She screwed up the challenge, which she should not have volunteered to do. Yeah. My gut tells me right now that the timing of tribal council being so close  and then the argument at camp that it might be Semhar going home. So it's Semhar? That's what I’m putting down. Okay. I just think that for this first vote, like, we really need to think hard. I don't-- I don't necessarily think because she messed up on this challenge  that she should go, I really don't. Really? I think it's going to be a hard sell to the whole group. Listen to this. Just from the perspective of trying to keep a strong tribe having you three  girls is actually an advantage for us. Dawn, I think she did really, really well. Totally. She's strong. You know, I hate to say it, but Cochran is-- I know. He's in the middle. And he's not going to be, like, our strong player. He's just not as coordinated. He's just not athletic. You got Cochran on one hand that really is not showing much in the  physicality sense and you've got Semhar on the other. She basically blew the challenge for us, but it's not fair to blame Semhar in  this situation. It takes balls to step up. And she did take a chance. But she-- i'd rather have somebody not step up than somebody who is so  unaware of their inabilities. I don't know. Semhar knows she's on the chopping block tonight. Here's my concern, Ozzy wants her around for a reason and it's round one and  it scares me that he already has a reason to keep her around. Let's just think about this really carefully. I mean-- I’m concerned that Ozzy might get in an alliance with all the girls. He has charm. I could see that happening. But Semhar is pretty much useless. Her body is mesmerizing but it's not hypnotizing and it blows my mind that Ozzy  might be actually factoring in that snuggle factor. It's a million-dollar decision. I'm on your side. I want to see you stay. Thank you. The hard decision is between you and between Cochran. If you wanna stay here, you have to do some work. You gotta do some politicking, like, seriously. It's between Cochran and i, basically. Who's going for Cochran? I don't know, exactly. So I suggested keep me. Cochran just seems to be a huge fan of the game but not necessarily playing  the game. Yeah. So, sad to say, I’m trying to get people to vote him off. Who are you going with, me or Cochran? You don't have to worry. It's not you. I really appreciate that. They want you gone. Like, Ozzy thinks that you're the best-- ozi thinks you're the best target  right now. Why? The wakest. I'm not the weakest, though. I went to bat for you. Who does Ozzy think is going to vote me out and be successful? He's just pushing for it. He's trying to see how much cloud clout he has probably right now. My achilles' heel is crippling insecurity and anxiety and it's heartbreaking  to learn that apparently Ozzy is saying I’m the weakest person and they  should get rid of me for that. It's crazy. It's explicitly been stated that I’m the target. So right now I’m on high-alert, paranoia mode and extremely depressed. It's not you. Do not get paranoid. It's not you. I would tell you. I would say you're in trouble and I don't mean maybe. That's what i've been thinking. To be the first person kicked off in the first person when I’m on a tribe  with Papa Bear and Semhar and all these girls? It's like, this is insulting. It's now not you. They like you. They say you're fun to be around. Yeah, but people don't like a fun guy all the time. "Survivor" is not meant to be a comedy routine. This is a nightmare. It started out as a dream, but it really is a nightmare now. The game makes you paranoid. My name is going to appear. It's just a matter of how many times. Tribal council tonight is going to suck. I'm not looking forward to it. I'm probably going to hear, "the tribe has spoken." my torch is  going to be snuffed. It's a sad conclusion to my "Survivor" story. This is how it goes. This is how it goes. Jeff: Behind each of us is a torch. Go ahead, grab a torch, approach the flame and get fire. This is part of the ritual of tribal council because in this game, fire  represents your life. When your fire's gone, so are you, with a slight exception, Redemption Island,  which we will talk about. Okay, Dawn, has there been much talk about Redemption Island and what that  might be like to go there alone? Oh, yeah. I thought today about is everybody prepared to do it? You know, I think the first three days you're so focused on getting the  shelter and getting water, making sure you're prepped for the first challenge. It's hard with nine people. So, solo, tough. Jeff: How bad did it get these first two days? Day one and day two I felt like I didn't know who I was anymore and I think  that's because everything that's familiar to me is gone and I lost a lot of  confidence with all that change. There's nothing about my life here that is like my life at home. Jeff: You lost a lot of confidence in yourself. I cried, yeah, and I’m really strong. I don't know that I cry very often in my life ever. And I even confided in Ozzy to get some bearing and get my legs back and it's  kind of like I had the flu and it's gone. Jeff: Elyse, who else here do you think might be worried because they've just  gotten off to a rough start? I think honestly, I think Semhar is concerned. Because of the way the challenge went today and because of the conversation  that we all had when we got back to camp. Jeff: Jim, what was the conversation you had back at camp surrounding Semhar? I'm a competitor. I'm going to compete at every single event, and I hate losing. You know, she wanted to go out and prove herself and do it and she was very  confident in her abilities, and I think the only people that are good losers  are people that are good at losing. Jeff: Whitney, was there any part of you thinking I’m glad it's not me? Yeah, obviously, the attention is not on me. But actual he, I thought I definitely can do it but when she was so vocal  about her abilities, no one else really had a chance to jump in and say,  "yeah, I can do this." jeff: Semhar you're shaking your head back  and forth. I understand this game. I know I’m safe if I didn't step up, and I take complete responsibility for  taking on something that was out of my league. However, I know I got hurt. I know I’m going to give it all that i've got. Jeff: Ozzy, would you rather play this game with somebody who has the guts,  like Semhar did, to say I think I can do this or play with a guy that says,  better you than me." philosophically better to step up with somebody who  has the heart to step up and try. To hanas your passion and do what everyone else thinks is impossible and say,  "i can do this," it's a huge, huge advantage in this game. Dawn, who else might be worried judging from the first two days? Maybe Cochran. Based on just strength. I think that he might be another target. I know her rationale because you look at my glasses you, look at my sweater  vest, you look at my pale skin, it's easy to say he's one of the weakest  purpose. I hummed through the net. Nobody seems to care about that. Maybe I had a snafu climbing up the wall but it lasted half a second. Jeff: What happened going up the wall? Was that a noticeable thing? Yes. I can answer that. Jeff: Mark anthony. Call me Papa Bear. Jeff: Papa Bear? That's my nickname. I like it, don't worry. Jeff: So, Papa Bear, you can answer the question of what happened going up  the wall. For two seconds he got confused and said, "what do I do, what do I do?"  me and Ozzy flipped him over the wall. You hisitated. So it was like fatal? It was a fatal mistake? No, but you mack a decision and go with it, you don't stop. And sometimes you need correction. I'm sorry. Jeff: So, Semhar, suddenly the attention has shifted off of you on to Cochran. You have to be loving this? Was it a slight relief the fact that some people saw Cochran as a weaker link  than me? I'm not going it lie-- has anybody said that directly, though? Your name has come up. I will say that. It's just a matter of vote at this point. Only time will tell. You better not say, "it is time to vote" right now. Am I allowed to interject. Jeff: Cochran, we will sit here as long as you guys want to. This is your tribal council. I didn't want to get this early into kind of saying people aren't working  hard, but I think-- I’m blanking-- Semhar. Semhar. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm nervous right now. It's no indication what I think of you. You stand by the pot for, I don't know, like, 10 hours a day, and it's an  important job but I don't think it's the most physically strenuous one. I make sure everybody has toothbrushes -- you find a couple sticks. I'm saying it's not a huge job. It's a job no one has to ask me to do. That's the point I’m trying to make. That's all. You make it sound like I’m wandering around until you tell me to get wood. This is the growing period. I'm building a knowledge base. I opened my first coconut. I wouldn't have been able to do that two days ago. I'm not having to perpetually having to relearn things. I do it once and learn it. Jeff: Are you a learner my nature? This is a culmination of the passion for this game and the possibility of  being the first person kicked off is heartbreaking and mortify. Jeff: If you survive tonight's vote, what needs to change tomorrow morning? I will do whatever has to be done around camp. I will be your jeanie in a bottle. You won't have to rub. I'm capitol hill out and do it. You will see a whole new Cochran. My eyes are open to the perception of me and i'll take that into account and  I don't think Semhar has that same passion for being part of "Survivor."  can i-- whenever you're done? You can go ahead. They think works against you, to be honest with you. I think you're so mermerrized by the game that you forget how. The it is to be that person who is just working. I don't think it necessarily should be based on what's happened so far. What do we base it on then? It has to be based on what has happened so far. Does it have to be? It has to be. We have only known you for three days. We only have known everybody for three days. You have a small window to get to know people, you know? Jeff: It seems pretty clear at this point that it is Semhar or Cochran going  home. With that, it is time to vote. Papa bear, you're up. Papa bear, you're up. I'm really sorry, but hopefully this might make you step up even more. Step up even more. I think it's pretty obvious why I’m voting if you you. You've questioned my intelligence. You've questioned my commitment to this game and you've made me question why  I should be here any longer so I can't take it. Any longer so I can't take it. Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. Once the vote are read the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Cochran. Semhar. Semhar. That's two votes Semhar, one vote Cochran. Semhar. Three vote Semhar, one vote Cochran. Semhar. That's four vote Semhar. First person voted out of "Survivor: South Pacific," Semhar. That's five. That's enough. You need to bring me your torch. Semhar, the tribe has spoken. You will have a chance to get back in this game. Grab your torch, head to Redemption Island. I should have taught her how to make a fire. Thank you. Jeff: Well, it appears that you made the decision to believe that a person  can improve. Let's hope it goes for the entire tribe. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night. Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode. Jeff: Next time on "Survivor." Cochran is at the bottom of the  totem pole and reinvents himself as a working member. New Cochran doesn't follow mommy's advice. Jeff: And Brandon's secret weighs heavy. I felt like I was being dishonest with Coach. Jeff: When awakens the dragon slayer. I think he has demons captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs,  and ford. Drive one. Captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org there's going to be  an apof ss whipping. If you lose your dual, you will be out of the game and must leave redemption