<br/>I just graduated college four  days ago. I came out here thinking I really could do anything. Jeff: This is Sophie's challenge to win right now. I was a very strong person but I think out here I found out a lot more about  my weaknesses. It does hurt. It's about outwitting, outlasting, and outplaying. When it comes to outplaying, I won three individual immunityes. Jeff: Sophie, with that, wins final immunity. When it came to outwitting-- where is your strategic mind now? I mean, I’m the brains behind the operation. Are you the dragon slayer. The new slayer is born! Jeff: Welcome to the "Survivor: South Pacific" live reunion show in  los angeles where Sophie has just won a million dollars [ cheers and applause  ] that was a-- those last few days were very tough for you emotionally. We just saw it play out. How is it right now emotionally? Did you sense you might have won? I thought I had a good chance. I mean, Coach got demolished in the final tribal, I mean, Whitney gave me her  piece of mind, too. Sorry. I had a feeling, but you never know. Jeff: It was a very quiet game you played. What was the key? Yeah, I think that right away I started sussing people out. You saw me do it with Brandon. I think I had my finger on the pulse of the game the whole time and I tried  to figure out people's motivations and tried to work within the framework of  the game. They created this religious framework, this idea of being loyal, being  trustworthy, and I just kind of worked within that. And got to the end. Jeff: Do you see that approach to this game relating to your own life about  just observing and trying to find where you fit in a situation? Yeah. I think-- I think I always-- I’m always kind of the last to speak up often at  meetings and, you know, group projects and stuff. I know-- I find myself to be more of an observer than anything else. So, yeah. I'm sorry, I’m really excited and flustered right now [ cheers and applause ]  jeff: What's the reaction back home? Because you come from a fairly small town, right? I come from a town of 1500. Everybody in willsboro, is going crazy. I'm facebook friends with pretty much everybody in my town now. Yeah, they're super supportive. I think I probably have more fans in my town than the whole country so it's  awesome. Jeff: Did you tell your family-- week by week, did you tell them how you were  doing? Nobody knew. Before I came I told my sister I don't want to get your hopes up but I lost. Nobody in my family knew. Jeff: When you're back home and people ask, "what is it like?" how  do you describe what this experience is like to go through. It's hard because it's-- it's life changing, and you don't want to tell  somebody, oh, this reality tv show changed my life because it sounds so  stupid but it's not. This changed my life. I like to say this is-- this crazy adventure on an island that suddenly is  being shown on tv to the world and, you know, this life-changing experience  that millions of people are are experiencing with me. And then I say that I was really hungry. So... [ laughter ]. Jeff: A couple of times it came up that-- that people who don't know you,  strangers, saw you as a selfish, spoiled, entitled brat, or words to that  effect. Hard to hear. But, Sophie, when you go home, you're a thinker. Did any part of that ring true at all, or do you still think they just dont  know me? Yeah, I think that I have very hard exterior, and I think that comes off  sometimes as, you know, too blunt, standoffish, and maybe pretentious. I didn't know. I think I’m very confident in myself. I was a girl scout, I was taught to be confident. I was told my whole life to have self-esteem and have that thrown back in my  face as a weakness is hard. I think I learned from that as well. I'm trying to be a little more like Dawn in my life. Jeff: That's not a bad way to be. Congratulations. Well, Sophie certainly didn't do it alone. She did rely on a tight alliance with Coach. He was playing for a third time and Coach was seeking redemption. I've played this game twice. This time I’m here to win. They're temporary players. I guarantee you this, if you have a strong five, that's an almost impossible  nut to crack. I feel like a mob boss. If anybody goes against the family, they're dead. Father we ask that you bless us and give us favor in the challenge. Jeff: Upolu wins immunity! Beep-beep. We're back in the driver's seat, baby. And I look back at the past 39 days, and I don't think I could have played  this game much better. [ cheers and applause ] jeff: Coach, you-- you were different. I heard it from people on the street the entire season. "i really like Coach this time." do you feel that you were  different? Absolutely. I mean, you know, to get to the end as a returning player after what boston  rob did last year, we all gave up a lot, you know. We all gave up a lot to go out there. But I was joyous this time. I loved every minute of it. My favorite moments are some of our interactions where you can see I’m just  loving every second. It's like a gift. The first time you play you want to get to the end. But, you know, it's like every second is like another gift out there. And I just feel for me it was an amazing run. I feel very humbled by this game. Jeff: Did you get the redemption you sought? Absolutely. You know, we've talked about this. The first show I looked at myself and I was like, man, that guy is so  arrogant. And I didn't want to be that person. The game has really changed my life without question. You see that first person. You see this person now. I don't take myself seriously. I have a good time with everything and I think I’m a lot more grounded and  down to earth. Jeff: Explain to me about the prayer thing. Because there was more praying this season than ever. And I’m not-- I’m not discounting it. But here's what I’m trying to understand-- I know from the streets a lot of  people asked me this. It's one thing to pray because this game is incredibly tough. It's another to pray for that guy to find a clue on day 22 of "Survivor."  right, right. Jeff: Where was that line for you? I think to some people our prayer might seem trite, hypocritical, maybe  shallow. You have to realize something-- that is a shakable world out there and you  want to grasp on to something if you have faith that is unshakable. Now in the past I prayed every day. The difference here is that with a lot of these people, like Brandon and Albert,  it became almost like a prayer-a-palozza, where everybody was praying openly  every day. It really became ingrained into our fabric of society but to grab on to  something like faith that is unshakable it's very real to me and it's real to  people like Brandon and Albert who pray every single day. Jeff: Albert, you warned Coach, don't bring Sophie. What did you know? I observed the way she played the game. If you're playing "Survivor" and not observing everyone in the  game, you're not playing properly. I knew sohpie had a few attributes that could win her the million. Jeff: The jury, just so everyone knows, raise your hand if you were on the  jury. Another now. Put your hands down, if Coach instead went to the end with, say, Albert and Rick,  if Sophie isn't there, does Coach win? Show of hands. The answer was yes, Coach. Did you think about that? Did you actually think maybe I’m taking the wrong people? I could win this game? You're really damned if you do or damned if you don't. If I end up cutting these people and taking, like, Cochran and Edna to the  end, people are going to say Coach wasn't a man of his word. He compromised who he was. I knew going on, and I said from the very beginning, like the seven layers of  viking heaven -- I like the viking reference. I love it! You want to take people to the end that you made promises to and that are  honorable winners. I would have loved to have seen Ozzy up there-- [ cheers and applause ] jeff:  That might not have been a wise choice. To bring Ozzy. Obviously, this wasn't such a wise choice. Jeff: In fact, Ozzy you made a comment on the show, million-dollar challenge. One more time with the jury, this may be a question I don't have to ask. If Ozzy is in the end, does he win? Yes. Yes. [ applause ] jeff: That close. But who did win was this woman right here by outlast be everybody else, Sophie. All right, when we come back, Ozzy came so close but fell just short. Plus Cochran and still to come, sprint is going to give away $100,000 to your  favorite Survivor, and Brandon and his uncle Russell will talk about this  season. You do not want to miss that. Be right back. [ applause ] what a wild ride. [ cheers and applause ] i've almost been there a few times and I just haven't  locked my hands on the million dollars. Everybody is soiled, yes? Yes. You've got to trust people and those people can stick a knife right in your  gut. Jeff: You have a chance to get back in your game. You better believe it. I tried to get there and it didn't happen. Jeff: Sophie wins final immunity. Yeah yeah, that was a million-dollar puzzle. But I’m incredibly proud of the way I played. [ applause ] jeff: Welcome back to the "Survivor: South Pacific"  live reunion show in los angeles. Ozzy, a third time. It's over 100 days, I think, you've played this game. What-- what is it about this adventure that brought you back again? I mean, honestly, it's just-- it's just the pure love of nature. I mean, being out there and being able to feel the energy and the complexity  and really for me, this is where-- we've been talking about God a lot, and  this is where I find God. I go throughout and I absolutely am in awe of the world that we live in. And to go out there again and to really know and understand I as a human  being, this is where we come from. We come from nature and to go back and sort of commune with nature, it's the  closest that i've ever felt like i've ever been able to have a conversation  with God. And to me, this is where God lives. Jeff: So this was-- [ applause ] so this was more about the adventure than  the money? Where does the money fall in there? I don't care about the money. I want to win! [ laughter ]. Jeff: Did you know-- did you know-- because I remember that final challenge  because it was a nail biter, and as you saw it slipping what because all of a  sudden Sophie had three and four and five and you're looking over at her  going oh, my God. Did you know a million dollars was slipping away? Hell yeah. Sophie is-- she is amazing. I mean, she is incredibly, incredibly intelligence intel and I knew the only  one who could possibly beat me at a challenge-- no offense, guys-- was Sophie. She is physically powerful and mentally she is-- she's one of the the  smartest people that I think has played this game. And -- here's the question I have, and this isn't to take anything away from Sophie's  win. But you dominate, dominate, dominate, dominate. You're out on redemption. You dominated this game challenge-wise, as well as anybody, and then a puzzle  comes up. Your bread and butter, is there any-- is there any part of you that was  either exhausted or just sabotaged yourself or did you just get beat by  somebody who was better that day? You know, I had a-- you can't quite tell, but I had a pretty huge lead. And really believe it's either a subconscious thing or I just eye beat myself. You know. I didn't focus in the time I needed to. It was something that just slipped away. I-- I went completely blank, and it was-- it was like I was having an  out-of-body experience. And I just have to take it for what it is, and I really believe-- if I had  won the money and I might-- you guys might never see me again. I might end up living on a deserted island somewhere with that money. But now I have to work hard. I've got it keep doing what I’m ago and i've got to keep, you know, living my  life in the way that I love to do it. You know, it really isn't about the money. For me it never really has been about the money. It's been about just going out there and play as good a game as I ever could  play. The fear for me is something that I had when I first started "Survivor."  I knew that I was a good player. But I still was afraid of nature. I still was afraid. And I realized that you really don't need to be afraid. For all the kids out there, one of the biggest lessons that i've ever  learned-- and I learned in from skateboarding of all things-- is how to fall  down and how to get back up. If you can learn how to fall down in a graceful and humble bel way, you can  get back up and do it again. For me, trust me, falling down in front of millions and millions and millions  of people, when I have that pressure-- I know everybody here is going to give  me the money if I can make it there. I know everybody out there-- not everybody. I'm sure there are a lot of people not rooting for me-- but a lot of people  rooting for me and that weight on me was just too much. Jeff: One guy who wasn't rooting for you was Cochran in the sweater vest. Any regrets about how that played out? That was, obviously, a major turning point in the game. It was. I mean, the only regret I could possibly have had is maybe just not giving Cochran  the idol at that point. I really feel like-- I really feel like I did everything I possibly could  have done besides giving him that idol. I think not having the idol is maybe what made you afraid of drawing the  rocks. And I just-- I just wanted to play, this being my last time, I wanted it to  be the craziest game I played. That's why I was willing to give the idol up. That's why I was willing to go to redemption. That's why I was willing to put my life on the line. I wanted to win. I didn't want to play for second, third. Jeff: I'm going to where you want intrupt you for a second-- [ applause ]  yeah, give him a round of applause. One the of the most common questions that was asked this season by me when I was--  would be out and people would come up to me is the one that you asked me a  few hours ago when we were talking before the show. You had a question for Ozzy. I was wondering how you do it, like, how you climb the trees and hold your  breath underwater for that long? It just seems physically impossible. Jeff: That is the question that everybody says is. Does he really get to the top of a tree? Is he really underwater for three or four minutes? Nobody's ever done that like you and 400 people have played this game over 23  seasons. Is it a natural thing? You know, I think what it is is just not being afraid. Not being afraid. You're at the perfect age. For all the kids out there, you guys. You can do whatever you want. Just figure out what it is you want to do. And don't be afraid to fall down. Don't be afraid to fail because you can do it. You really can. Just go out there and do it. You're at the right age. Jeff: Thanks, answer your question. Yes. If if you are small and fall down, it doesn't hurt as much. Jeff: Some see him as a likable underdog, others, a despicable villain. Either way, from day one, when he asked me to call him by his last name, Cochran  want out to make a name for himself. My achilles' heel is crippling insecurity and anxiety. I'm starting to get concerned about my fate. Jeff: Cochran, you can't catch a break. I came to play "Survivor." "Survivor" is about big moves. Up to this point, my fate has been handed to other people. Jeff: Ozzy, the tribe has spoken. First you get the egomaniac and then the million dollars. I'm so close. [ applause ] jeff: Cochran, I want to spend a little more time with you, but  right out of the gate, I want to know what's been the reaction on the street  because you polarized people. Some people love you. Other people hate hate you. Young people seem to love you, adults think you made a terrible move. On the street, people are generally not going to approach you. And I go to the internet like an obsessive freak and everybody hates me. Jeff: We'll talk to Cochran when we come back, and also, Brandon, his "Survivor"  experience brought out the best and the worst. It was as he said a battle of good versus evil. Plus, uncle Russell Hantz is here to talk about his opinion. We'll be right back. [ applause ] jeff: So Cochran, a lot of people might not know this about you,  but at harvard you actually wrote a paper on the "Survivor" jury  system and compared it to our american judicial jury system. So you had a lot of theory about how "Survivor" was played. Playing the game, though, actually being out there, is very different. What was the biggest shock? The biggest shock is that my knowledge of the theory and having watched every  single episode didn't mean anything once you get out there because it all  depends on who you're put with. And I get out there, I immediately feel insecure. I hear my name being float around in the first three days and for somebody  who has been obsessed with the show for 11 years, that's terrifying. It's petrifying. I got in this defensive posture that basically lasted the entire game which  isn't a healthy way to play the game if you're trying to establish trust and  rapport people it's not going to be freaking out all the time. I quickly learned that but I didn't remedy it. Jeff: What's it been like for you because as we talked about before you  break, some people love you, others hate you some of the people who didn't  like you are sitting next to you, on either side of you, because you were  part of their being ousted. Was that hard on you? You're a real person but you become a character on this show. Yeah, yeah. I'm like a character in real life, too. I mean-- [ laughter ] it's hard it-- I can't play an under-the-radar game  because I’m perpetually over the radar freaking out all the time. Jeff: So emotionally was it hard for you? Yeah, it's difficult. Because I think-- I fancied myself a "Survivor" expert. I kind of come in and I am a jester who is this joke? We had high hopes for him. I feel like I disappointed a lot of people, including myself. I didn't really play the game like some strategic mastermind like I thought I  would. Having negative reactions whether online or tribemates eye love everybody now  by the way. It's water under the bridge. It was difficult because I like to be liked. That's the perverted thing. At the time time I’m thinking I’m playing the greatest social game of all  time. Everybody adores me. And then I see Sophie envisioning my head on a branch chopping with a machete  saying I’m the most annoying freak in the universe. So it was -- how did this game change you? I mean it changed me probably in more ways than I’m aware of but one I’m very  aware of, obviously I’m a socially anxious guy. Seven months ago, going to a bar or party I get nervous. I freak out, on the verge of a panic attack. But now I put myself through the most socially uncomfortable, psychologically  unpleasant experience you can imagine and it's being broadcast to millions of  people who can make fun of you and ridicule you. It makes real-world interactions seem like nothing. [ laughter ]. [ applause ] yes or no-- [ applause ] one last question just a yes or no  answer because I want to get to Brandon. I said to you when it was over, I said I know you're not dating now but  you're going to be. Are you dating, yes or no? No. Jeff: Wait a minute! Nobody? No, nobody. Just come at me. [ laughter ] come at me. Jeff: All right, well on the other end of the spectrum is Brandon. And, Brandon, you kind of said it yourself best. You said-- I mean it was rivetting to watch you good-each, good-evil,  good-evil. What is that about? What is the evil? What was tormenting you out there? Oh, man, I lived a pretty rough past. And i've always, like I said, I grew up in the church, and my dad's taught me  to do the right things, and I’m straight off from that. And, you know, I have a wife and kids and i've-- I made a decision that I’m  going to start doing the right thing. And it was kind of hard because I kept on, I guess, being reminded of the  things I used to do and I wanted to make sure that I never was that person  again. And especially in front of so many people. I didn't want nobody to know who I used too-- who I was. And it's-- you know -- it's tough on a game like "Survivor." so  what's the reaction when you get back home, when your uncle, Russell, the  most notorious villain ever, as you said, destroyed our family name, you get  home, are they happy with how you played? It was, unfortunately, not everybody is happy. [ laughter ] especially Russell. So no, I mean, i-- i've always wanted to-- [ applause ] i've always,  honestly, wanted to -- cut to it, Brandon. What was the reaction when you got home? It sucked, bro. It was bad. I-- i-- nobody really accepted me the way wanted to. Jeff: Nobody from your family. Nobody from my family. I mean, I -- is anybody here from your family? No, no, sir. Jeff: Nobody's here from your family? No, sir. We love you, Brandon! Not to say that-- that my family-- some people couldn't make it because of  different situations, but I don't think a lot of people are very proud of me. You know. And it's okay. It's okay. Because I have a wife and two kids of my own. Jeff: Who love you. Who care about me. Jeff: I want to go. Let's go talk to the-- [ applause ] the most notorious villain in the history  of "Survivor." come on, stand up, Hantz. [ applause ] get all movie star on me. You just-- you watched Brandon play. And one of the things he said is I want to restore the Hantz family name. Do you think he did, did that? First of all, I want to say, I am uncle Russell. That's a side of me that you know. But I’m also Russell from "Survivor." so I will sit down and shut  up if you want me to sit down and shut up. If you want me to critique your game, I’m do that as well. Jeff: I want you to critique the game. You've got 30 seconds. Go. I think he went out there to change something that-- that I brought to the  game. I made greatness. I brought the game to a level that is-- you can't even comprehend. Jeff: What did Brandon do wrong? Everything. He didn't do one thing right. He went out there [ audience booing ] he went out there to change the Hantz  name. To change what I did? How do you do that? I mean, that doesn't even make sense to me. Jeff: I just got it. I know what next season is. Let me know if you like this. Russell on one tribe, Brandon on the other [ cheers and applause ] up next,  sprint is going to award $100,000 to the season's favorite castaway based on  your votes. It's not you, sit down. We're also going to check in with some of the others. It's the live show. We'll be right back. [ cheers and applause ] jeff: Since wednesday, viewers have been texting and  voting online for the sprint player of the season, the honor also including  $100,000 cash prize. I'm guessing I don't even have to ask. Who does the audience think it is? Ozzy! Jeff: By the biggest margible in the history of this award, Cochran, you were  second, and not even close to the winner, who was Ozzy. [ cheers and applause ] congratulations. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Jeff: A little bit of redemption. I want to pop around a little bit. Dawn, a lot of people talked to me during the season about you, mother of  six, adopted kids, mormon family, out here. You-- I know a lot about you. You transformed your body to be on this show. You did a lot of things to get on here. What's the thing you took away from it? How important it is to challenge yourself, no matter what age you are. Ozzy talks a lot about kids. I think my experience on the tribe with Ozzy taught me you've got to face  challenges, big ones, and the bigger the better. I explained to you that "Survivor" to me was just this big  out-there dream goal and it was really too big. I had no right asking for that goal and I went for it anyway. And the kind of joy and growth that came from that made it all the better. So it's about challenging yourself. [ applause ] jeff: Whitney and Keith, I want to-- and I don't know if a lot  of people know, you guys are a couple. It's been pub lisized if people haven't seen that. And, Whitney, you were in a relationship when the show started, you were in  another relationship. You come on to this. It's only 39 days. What is it about this show that can bring people together so quickly and have  it last? Well, like Sophie said, it's a life-changing experience. I mean, you're in such a stressful environment, and you have to trust  stranger, and you become really close really quick. I mean, Keith was in my first alliance with him and Ozzy, and I trusted him  100% day one. Jeff: If this were a dating show, this is a condensed-- this is the one. I'm just glad she chose me and not Ozzy. Jeff: And, Edna, you said something to me during a commercial break they thought  was really funny about how people change and how they see you differently  when you came home. You said, "i came home and my husband saw me so differently that,  what?" I became pregnant. Jeff: He just couldn't wait to get his hands on you? You change not just yourself but your family, too, and you learn to  appreciate to learn to be around people that love you and I guess he really  missed me, too. Jeff: And Christine if you want cornering a lot of people rooted for you. You were out early. You promised that Coach was a short-timer, and you weren't right about that. But you did a great job on redemption. Thanks. Jeff: And it seemed to me that you formed a very unlikely friendship with Stacey. And is that friendship still intact, Stacey? Yes, it is. We have a close bond. We call each other sissy or salt and pepper and we call each other each and  every day. Jeff: Christine would you have ever met Stacey otherwise? Yes, I think so. Yeah. Jeff: Your paths might have crossed? They possibly could have, yeah. Jeff: Brandon, I want to go back to you, because during the commercial break  I was sitting here watching you, and I was thinking to myself I kind of  glossed over it a little bit when I made this joke hey, maybe Russell versus Brandon  would be fun-- which I think it might be fun. But is really how it is back home? Is it truly that your family and Russell think you did a bad job and now it's  not good at home? I'm not going to say all my family, but a big portion. I've caught a lot of slack from these guys that I do call family, the Hantzs. And some of them were-- were-- were pretty much so disappointed that, you  know, all they could talk about was how I didn't live up to the Hantz-- Hantz  family name. And, you know, it's really disappointing that I can't do that-- I can't make  my own family happy with me, even though I go out there and I go, man, my  family's going to be proud of me, man. I'm going to change the way people look at this family. And I had the greatest intentions in the world, but it all just-- it-- you  can't win for losing sometimes. Jeff: Are you proud of how you played? I'm-- I’m very proud of how I played. [ applause ] jeff: And as we go to the break, Jim, really disappointed to see  you voted out early. I think you're-- I have a sense that you're a very good player, and what  would you do differently, other than, you know, Cochran. What would you do differently in this game if you played again what's the  advice? What's the advice? Really trust somebody's motivations. Like Ozzy said, I was there to win. Cochran was there-- he didn't care about winning. You can't stab five people in the back and win the game. He said he's a student of the game and he's not a student in the game. Or he can't count. You need five votes to win and you can"t stab five people in the back. Jeff: You said trust his motivation. His motivation was to last longer and not to win. My mistake was assuming everybody was playing the game to win. Jeff: After 23 seasons, 23 seasons! [ applause ] we're still going strong. Find out what is in store for next season. Plus I have Sophie's check for a million dollars. I'll give it to you right after this. Be right back. [ applause ]. Jeff: Welcome back to the "Survivor: South Pacific" live reunion  show. It's nice to have our composers that do all the music on our show to have  them here at the live show. Guys, give me a little something for this check presentation. A little something-something. First time we've ever done this. I get to present a check for a million dollars well earned to Sophie. Congratulations. Tear that baby open. There it is a million dollars. Nice job. All right. A new adventure is about to begin. Our 24th season is just around the corner, and there's a new twist. Take a look. For 23 seasons, "Survivor" has traveled across the planet,  treacherous oceans, mysterious jungles, and epic islands. As Americans from all walks of life fight it out for the million dollar prize. And once again, "Survivor" is changing things up. This time, two tribes will compete against each other while living together  on one island. They'll have to decide whether to share their resources or leave the other  tribe to fend for themselves. As they battle it out in the greatest adventure on te television. Two tribes, one world, one Survivor. Coming in february. "Survivor: One world." [ applause ] immediately following tonight's  show, you can bid on one-of-a-kind memorabilia to benefit the charity  operation smile. The web site is on the screen now. Finally, if you think you have what it takes to do what they did, put  together a three-minute video, go to cbs.com for all the details. And I say it every season, thank you for your support. To use a Coach phrase, it's because of you that we're still on the air. See you in february. Good night. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, captioned by media  access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org