<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor":  Two historic players return. This time, I’m more mature. I have played this game twice. I have learned from my mistakes. I have not been successful. I have almost been there. This is one more shot. I haven't been able to lock my lands on the million dollars. I can own this game with honor and integrity. Âª jeff: Welcome to "Survivor:  South Pacific." [cheers and applause] two more people are going to be  joining you in this game. This is an out-of-body experience for me right now. I have a bug collection at home. I'm a huge fan and I’m thrilled to see Ozzy and Coach. [cheers and applause] all my heart. I couldn't have been happier that it was Ozzy that was in my tribe. Ozzy! Freaking Ozzy! Jeff: Coach joins the blue tribe. I did not want to see Coach's name bleed blue. I have never ever seen a dragon slayer, and there ain't no dragons. Jeff: Despite a chilly reception on day one, Coach won his tribe over with a  conversation on the first night. I guarantee you this: If you have a strong tribe that trust each other, it is  an almost impossible nut to crack. You have got Rick, Sophie, Brandon, Albert and you have myself. The five of us are ready to die for each other. Jeff: The Coach wasn't done yet. Come on, baby. Come to me. Coach wade has found the hidden immunity idol. A golden little gem to hold on to. Jeff: With a strong alliance and a hidden immunity idol, Coach's only concern  was beating the Savaii tribe. We are neck and neck in our first immunity challenge. Upolu wins immunity! [cheers] Savaii wins immunity! Upolu wins immunity. Savaii wins. Upolu wins! With the merge pending, Ozzy made the biggest move yet. I was willing to sacrifice myself, go to redemption, win the duel, and give  our tribe an edge. Jeff: Ozzy wins the duel and is back in this game. Drop your buffs because we are merged. It's six on six. We are even numbers. Jeff: Ozzy returned to the game, but Cochran, who never fit in on Savaii,  thwarted him with an even bigger move. I can completely jump ship, betray my own tribe. Jeff: Eighth person voted out "Survivor: South Pacific." coward. That's how a winner plays. You disgust me. You threw the whole tribe under the bus. Jeff: Ozzy, once again, the tribe has spoken. At redemption arena, Savaii was forced to battle each other. Ozzy stays alive in this game. I will be putting every last ounce of my soul into redemption. I hope to see all of you coming through there, and i'll make you a nice fish  and send you on your way. Jeff: Being stranded on Redemption Island only made Ozzy stronger. This is how I’m playing the second half of my game. And there's no one better suited to be out here than me. Biggest fish i've ever caught. Jeff: And while on a reward visit to Redemption Island, Coach struck a deal  with him. As soon as you get back from redemption, I have a perfect final three  scenario. You, me, one other person. I'm giving you my word as a christian man. When I say "as a christian man," I promise you this is what I’m  going to do. That's an irrevocable promise. Jeff: Despite his bargaining with Coach, Cochran was sent packing. Jeez. Jeff: Just take the steps. Yeah. Jeff: As was Edna, leaving the original alliance of five formed on night one  to finally turn on each other. That is not true. Don't you lie, too. That is not true. Listen, will you let me [bleep] finish? No. Where is your strategic mind now? We take out Sophie next. I'm feeling like Albert should go home tonight. Coach will not vote for me. Brandon, by the way, you're going home tonight. I want to give my immunity necklace up. Jeff: Thinking he was safe, Brandon gave up his immunity to protect Albert. Honestly, I don't think he's going home tonight, so I’m not going to give him  the necklace back. Jeff: Brandon, the tribe has spoken. You will have a chance to get back in this game. Grab your torch. Head to Redemption Island. All right, here's where things stand. The four of you will witness the final duel between Ozzy and Brandon. The winner of the duel will reenter the game, and the five of you will duke  it out. Tonight, six are left standing. I want to change the course of my family name. It is time to perform, and that's exactly what I do best. See what the dragon slayer's got this time. I'm the brains behind the operation. I have no qualms about doing whatever it takes to win this game. There's blood in the water. We're circling. Jeff: It is the ultimate challenge: Battling the elements and each other. In the end, only one will remain to claim the million-dollar prize. A million dollars floating around right now. One in six shot. Jeff: 39 days, one Survivor. Being the sole Survivor. There's no safer time to pull out all the stops. It all come downs to this. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions &amp; cbs what's up, bro? Oh! Dude, it's me, bro. Oh, man. What happened? I got blindsided. Coach, Sophie, and Rick. Oh, man. I fell on my sword for Albert last night, and I was stabbed with another  sword in the back, and despite the fact that it hurts to get stabbed in the  back by your closest friend, your best friend, it's okay. I made a commitment to Albert. I forgive him. I love him, and I hope he learns from what he did last night. Oh, actually, I won immunity today. What? But I had made a commitment to Albert and I said I was going to stick with it. And you gave up the immunity to Albert? Yeah, man. I gave it up. Oh! It's all good, though, bro. He wasn't blindsided. He gave up the freaking immunity necklace. Whenever you give up immunity necklace, your ass is going home. If I lose tomorrow I want you to really go out there and give it everything  you've got, bro. Brandon is supposedly playing this loyal game when in fact he's playing a  blind faith game. He's playing the game like he's playing with God and he's not. He's playing with human beings that are greedy and want that money tomorrow  is a fresh day. It is, man, it really is. Tribal was crazy, but it was fantastic. Brandon made one of the stupidest moves ever to be made and gave his necklace  away. And I think the great thing is that Albert not giving back the necklace  seemed like a really cowardly move in front of the jury. I thought you were going to pass the necklace back to Brandon. Albert. What I don't understand is I don't understand the littlealize, and if there  are littlealize, then there are going to be big lies. Albert knew that Brandon was going home tonight. There's no sense for that lie. Just own yourself. Own your action. I'm sick of people coming out here and trying to look like they're holier  than thou. Won't stand for any more of the jury politicking, hamming it up with the  other side. I am not going to sit here and have people bull [ bleep ] me. You lie to me about getting in bed with the Savaii members. If you lie to me about jury jumping, like i've been doing. I'm not going have it! When people bull [ bleep ] me, you're cut off. Enough is enough. I'm not going to be made a fool of out here. I've been made a fool of enough in my life. Today has been the most humbling day for me and has put me on kind of a  precarious spot, and if I can't find a way to repair my alliance right now  and get back in good standing with my tribe, you know, I’m going to go in a  lot of trouble, man. It's a piece of pizza! I'll let you do the honors, man. "today is the day, your final duel. When it is over, only one of you will return to the game. The other will join the jury. Hang othere's only a few days left." hang on, bro. It's been a pleasure, my friend. Hang on. I've been on Redemption Island for over two weeks. I've been fishing better than I ever have in my life. I've been eating better than I have in any "Survivor" game i've  ever played. I've been preparing myself for this one duel, and then to get back in the  game. Hang on. You hang obro. Don't underestimate the little man. I never underestimated you, man. You're one of the best competitors of the game. Redemption island has become home to me. I love it here. I really do. I found out things about myself they never would have imagined. I can't say I won't miss this place because I will. I really will miss redemption, but I’m also so excited to get back in the  game and get back to real life with possibly a million dollars. Jeff: We'll now bring in the competitors for today's duel. Ozzy will battle against Brandon. So let's get the big news out of the way. This is the final duel. You share one thing in common, the two of you-- the only way to get back into  this game, win today's duel. Today's duel is very simple. You're going to hold on to a pole for as long as you can. Last person left hanging on that pole gets back in this game, and we'll--  will have a one in five shot of winning the million dollars. Loser is out, see ya, the seventh member of the jury. This is it, your final shot. Take your spots. Okay, you both look good and solid. This th final duel is on. There's only one rule. You cannot hold on to the top of the pole. It's sheer will power. How much pain can you withstand? How much pain can you withstand? Probably seems like you've been up there a long time. It's been eight minutes. We have never done it this with narrow of a foothold before. You've got about a quarter inch of wood. There's no hiding in this duel. You've now been up there 20 minutes. Good job, guys. Jeff: It's got to seem like hours. Ozzy trying something altogether different right now. Hanging on by the edge of his toes. Brandon's been in basically the same spot for most of this duel. Stay focused, man, stay focused. Jeff: Brandon getting support from his former tribemates. Ozzy getting no love, as per usual out here. 40 minutes hanging on a pole fighting for a shot to get back in this game. Ozzy readjusting once again. Every move is a risk. Ozzy's starting to lose it, man. Jeff: Brandon trying to readjust. Uh-oh. Jeff: Brandon with a nice recovery, now hanging on without any footholds. The kid's' freaking warrior, man. Both guys moving around a lot now. Both guys digging deep. A lot of back and forth, watching the other guy, looking for some signal that  maybe he's getting tired. You are hanging on for your life in this game. Push it, kid, push it. Jeff: Brandon sliding down. Ozzy hanging on by his inner thighs, now. This is crazy. Jeff: Brandon starting to slide a little more. You have to dig right now, Brandon. Push it, man, push it. Jeff: Brandon is about four feet away from being out of the game for good. Brandon is out of the duel and out of the game. Ozzy stays alive and is back in this game way shot at the million dollars. Thank you, father. [ applause ] jeff: Brandon, 36 of the most emotional, wearing it on your  sleeve days i've ever seen anybody go through out here. You seem jubilant, even though you just lost. I may have lost the game of "Survivor," but i've won. In the beginning I came out here to win a million dollars. But about seven days in, I had a heart to heart with God. I hold no bitterness towards nobody and I’m going to hold my head up proud. Jeff: Brandon, this adventure for you has come to an end. You become the seventh member of our jury. Yes, sir. Jeff: Grab your stuff. Love you, guys. I love you, too, bro. Love you, brother. Jeff: Ozzy, been an underdog from day one and here are you back in this game  on day 36. I have to thank them, actually, for sending me to redemption. I spent the last 15 days just pushing myself every single day with the hopes  that if I do make it back to this final stretch that i'll come harder than I have  ever been able to in this game of "Survivor." jeff: Here's what's  going to happen. The five of you together going back to camp. You'll await news have a tree mail of your next immunity challenge. Grab your stuff. Watching the guys in the duel, Brandon was going like a maniac. I guess the terrifying thing was Ozzy was still able to beat him. And if Ozzy keeps winning immunity, there's really only so much I can do. Thank you. Thank you. It's definitely strange to have Ozzy back in our midst. It's us four versus him. We all know we want him out. He must know we want him out. And there's nothing we can do but go into the next challenge and beat his  butt. Congratulations, man. You have made an amazing run. Thank you. Very impressive. Thank you. You know, here's thing. I don't think you're going anywhere. And I know that-- you know, for me, if I were to win immunity, then, i've got  the immunity necklace, and i've got the hidden immunity idol. So, you know, I think that it's-- you're saying you'll give me one of those  if you win? If I think you're in jeopardy, absolutely. As soon as we got back from the challenge, Coach wants to talk deals. Coach wants to say I still want to take you to the final three. I'm like, okay, Coach, whatever you say, man. Sure. Do I honestly believe that he wants to take me? Who in their right mind would want to take me to the end right now? After battling from redemption and coming back of eight people straight? Come on. The only thing I can do is win. I've been battling and battling and so have you. I still think that this game should be ours. I really do. And I still want to take you to the end. I feel like that's the way it should be. I feel like you deserve to be in this game. There's a big part of me that really wants to play this game with Ozzy. There's a big part of me that really wants to get to the end with Ozzy. But I think that my alignments in this game are so secure with so many  different people, that right now, it's like in the nba finals and I’m up by  14 and there's four minutes left on the clock. How you feeling. If we win the next challenge, he'll go. Yeah, man, we have to. It's four against one. This is my game to lose right now and the reason why I say that is because Rickments  to take me to the final three. Sophie wants to take me to the final three. Ambert wants to take me to the final three. As you wants to take me to the final three. It's my game to lose. It's my game to lose. Jeff: Come on in, guys. You guys rads to get to today's immunity challenge. You bet. Yup. Jeff: First things first, Albert, i'll take it back. Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, with one hand, you will steady a balancing board while  simultaneously building a house of cards with the other hand. First person to build a stack of cards high enough to reach the finish Mark  wins immunity, is safe tonight at tribal council. Losers, somebody will be voted out and without Redemption Island, you will go  straight into the jury, becoming the eighth member. Huge stakes. Take your spots. We'll get started. All right, everybody grab your handle, get familiar with your balancing board. Feel that weight. See what it's going to take to hold it steady. All right, everybody looks good and level. This challenge is on. One card at a time. First person to build their stack tall enough to reach the finish Mark wins  immunity. Anybody do house of cards for fun? I do. Jeff: You do, Sophie. I have a book how to make them. Jeff: You never know what will come in handy on day 37 on "Survivor."  Ozzy, Coach, and Sophie, all three doing a nice job. Coach and Ozzy are about even. Albert nowhere. Rick, nowhere. Sophie is building a structure that looks indestructible. I don't have any pieces left. Jeff: Sophie had a great strategy but she's used too many pieces. Part of this is definitely tile management. She's going to have to take hers apart now. That gives Ozzy a little bit of breathing room, opens the door for Coach. Out of nowhere, Coach's stack falls. Ozzy is now in the lead. Sophie trying a new strategy, and is quickly gaining on Ozzy again. Will she have enough tiles to get there? Ozzy with his last piece. Not going to do it. Ozzy is going to have it tear down his stack and come up with a new strategy. Coach quickly rebuilding. Albert getting something going now. Rick starting to figure it out. Ozzy has completely given up the lead. He is taking his entire stack apart. Sophie getting closer. Sophie now in the lead. And with that, Sophie loses half of her stack. Hey, Albert, drop your stack and come pick up my peatses. I'm nay pretty decent spot. Drop your dam stack and pick up my pieces. I'm going to beat you. Albert, drop your stack! Jeff: Let me make it easy for you. There is no helping in this challenge. It was designed as an individual challenge. It will be played as an individual challenge. If you want Ozzy out of this game, beat him. Coach not panicking at all. He's dropped his stack but has rebuilt it and is back in this. Ozzy getting riskier with his stack. So is Sophie. Sophie loses half of her stack again. No need to panic ever in this challenge. Anybody's stack could fall at any time. Coach nice and steady in the lead. Ozzy, he's getting closer. Ozzy very close to the finish. Coach very close to the finish. We are dead even at this point. Albert loses his entire stack. Sophie got to get back in this. Ozzy now in the lead. Coach right behind. Ozzy took down nearly his entire stack to start over. He has now rebuilt it and is within inches of winning immunity. Ozzy is one tile away from winning immunity. Ozzy wins immunity. Ozzy wins immunity. Ozzy, come on over. [ applause ] congratulations. Thank you very much. Jeff: You are safe tonight at tribal council. After 37 days, Coach, Rick, Sophie, Albert, one of you from this tight group  of four going home tonight. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. I'll see you at tribal. I built the base and just did two, two, two, two, two. I only had, like, three or four pieces left. The tower was so tall, it was wobbling. If you moved a little bit, it would-- that was it. So I just got them up and focused. I've been here 37 case and I am going to be a facilitator in that process. It feels good. I've got the necklace. I know I’m not going home, so I’m trying to pit every single person against  each other now,. It's amazing. I thought Sophie was gonna have it. Actually, I was at the top twice. It's heartbreaking. It's gut wrenching. We don't want to do it. But loyalties will be broken tonight. It's pretty plain to me, actually. Rick's got the best shot to win this game right now. Everybody likes Rick. So if you let him survive another day in the game, he could win a million  dollars. It's really interesting how the game twists and turns. I was leaning towards Albert going next, but now I’m thinking of the final  three putting Rick in there, good old boy, everybody loves the stories. He hasn't pissed anybody off. He's been a hard worker who just says awushucks. I say vote Rick tonight. Do you agree? That will be the best chance we have. We have. That means someone else has to go. Albert, pick up my pieces! I mean, come on. Realistically, Sophie is a pretty big threat. She's won individual immunities and I think in front of the jury she'll speak  well. She might be a lot tougher to beat than Rick. I have a little bit of a decision to make, and I have a lot of factors to take  into consideration. And there is a pretty good argument for both sides. What are you going to do? Vote somebody else's way, probably. Probably. He just kept trying to walk off. Coach is pretty God at skirt the truth. You have to pay attention to his words. He'll tell you something but he won't come out and commit to anything. I'm thinking Sophie. What are you thinking? Trust moo, man. What are you thinking on your vote, though? I'd vote for Sophie. Would you vote for me? No. &gt;&gt; I kind of thought about it. Rick's kind of a pretty big threat. He really didn't piss anybody off-- listen, man, I think now is the time to  get rid of Sophie, send a message that, you know, this is it. This is the other thing. Coach told me he wants to take me to the understand. He gave me his word as a christian man. So if you want to vote for Rick, I think that it's foolish because Coach is  going to get rid of you next. If you just follow Coach's traditional play book, conventional wisdom would  tell you he'd be interested in maybe bringing Ozzy to the end. You know, he always wanted to say I want to surround myself with the  strongest player and it's undeniable Ozzy has played the strongest game. They're doing last minute stuff. He's saying you gave him his word as a christian man you'll take him to the  end. Didn't happen, obviously, right? I can't wait to vote his ass out of here. Just out of curiosity, did you tell him it was gonna be you and him? I don't think i'll get voted out tonight but I am worried about my ending,  and if Coach is thinking he might want to go to the end with Sophie and Ozzy,  I might have to be inclined to listen to what Ozzy has to say and get rid of Sophie. And get rid of Sophie. Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Jim. Keith. Dawn. Whitney. Cochran. Edna. And Brandon. So, Ozzy, let's start with today's challenge. You knew you had to win or you were gone tonight. Oh, yeah. Of course. I'm not an idiot. I knew that if I didn't win, I would be going home tonight, bottom line. Jeff: Coach, at the last tribal you were very clear in saying I have the  hidden immunity idol. Tonight is the last night you can play that idol. It's not so hidden any more. Yes, I’m wearing it around my neck. I'd be foolish not to play it to get into the final four. Jeff: So you're really safe tonight as well. So it comes down to Rick, Sophie, and Albert. So, Albert, what's your argument? Why keep you tonight? I think the most reasonable argument is I’m kind of somebody valuable to keep  around to be able to compete with Ozzy and say, "you know what? I'm ready to go toe to toe with you." jeff: Sophie if this is all about  getting rid of Ozzy, why keep you? Are you a threat to beat Ozzy? Yeah, I think I am. I've won more immunity challenges than Rick, Albert, and Coach. Jeff: Rick, what's your pitch as to why you should stick around tonight? Well, 90% tomorrow, Ozzy's going to win immunity, more than likely. So he's got to look at people that aren't going to beat him, and I hate to  say that about myself but I haven't won any immunity challenges. So that's about all i've got. Jeff: Sophie, how do you counter Rick's argument that he makes to Ozzy which  is, vote with me because you will beat me? I think the most important step right now is to get rid of Ozzy, and if Rick's  not the man to do it, there's no point in having him around next time. Jeff: Coach, why is it you don't want Ozzy to move on and not someone else  out of this group? You know, I think it comes back to the very beginning where we made a bond  with each other. And when you get to the merge, you think about things and try to feel out  what the best direction for the game is. And guess what? At the end of the day, you're still a family. And I still think this is family. And take that very special. Well, we talked. I mean, if you want to-- if you want to air it out, Coach. You said-- you said you wanted to take me to the end. Right? Absolutely, man. Air it out. I don't care. Look, you said we have a good shot at making a go at the end of this game. First of all, I don't think it matters now who is a loyal person, who is not. Because for me it's not just old loyalties that makes meantime Ozzy out of  the game. Ozzy hasn't respected me since day one. That's bull. When you don't talk more than one sentence to me, that's disrespectful. I think you act like a spoiled brat. How? Every piece of information I’m make my judgment off of is from people who  come through redemption and people say all Sophie does is sleep and nothing  else. All she does it hang out. Just being honest. Just to make everything clear, I did like you at the beginning of this game,  and then you hear Ozzy is such an arrogant [ bleep ]. I'm not the only one to say that. Fine. But you don't know me. It's the same thing. You don't know me. Whatever. Jeff: Sophie, I’m unclear on why you're frustrated that Ozzy is saying  something behind your back about your character when it sounds like you did  the same thing as well. I guess because it was a very, like, personal attack just from Ozzy. And so to hear that i've been singled out as this brat, it was hurtful. It was really hurtful. Jeff: Are there other times in life when you find yourself in situation  where's people are commenting on your character or is this unique? No, this is unique. Jeff: So that's why this is so personal because you're not used to it and  you're feeling like it is an attack on cur character from somebody who  doesn't know you. Although there is a game and you have to be strategic and you have to lie,  there are ways to keep your character intact. And I felt like i've done that this whole game, and I felt like I haven't  made personal attacks against people. I didn't do anything unnecessary to hurt people's feelings and I felt like I was  trying to make personal relationships. So when suddenly after feeling like i've kept my character intact when it is  suddenly called into question, and even now when he's saying it's everybody  calling into question, it does hurt. Jeff: Do you see this as any kind of an opportunity should you survive  tonight's vote of thickening the skin? I mean, I would say they learned more about my weaknesses than my strengths. I think I thought when I came out here that I had much tougher kin. So I don't think I’m building skin out here. I think I’m losing it. Jeff: You know part of what's happening right now is 37 days. I know, I know. Jeff: In a game that can be brutal on your psyche. People tell you what they think about you quite often. And they may mean it. They may not. They may just know they can get under your skin. I was thinking about how Ozzy said that it didn't just come from him. And now I’m just worried that if it didn't just dramatic him, that I’m this  big, awful, selfish, spoiled bitch, and it makes me regret coming. Jeff: Sophie, you're still in this game. Yeah. Jeff: That are getting ready to vote. And the more you show this, the bigger reason you give to get rid of you. So I want to give you one last chance if you want to sit back up and say,  "don't read too much into this." or you tell me to go vote and  we'll vote right now. Yeah, let's vote. We're good. We're good. Jeff: All right, it is a very big vote, obviously, and very different tonight. Redemption island's gone. You're voted out tonight, that's it. You join the jury. Ozzy has the necklace, Coach is threatening to use the hidden immunity idol  so it would appear you can only vote for Rick, Sophie, and Albert. Rick, you're up. Sophie, you're the only shot i've got. Didn't mean to make you cry, but I still think it. But I still think it. Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has the hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now would be  the time to do soopinion. Okay. Once the votes are read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Rick. Sophie. One vote Rick, one vote Sophie. Rick. Two votes Rick, one vote Sophie. Sophie. We're tied, two votes Rick, two votes Sophie. One vote left. 16th person voted out of "Survivor: South Pacific," Rick. You need to bring me your torch. Have a seat. Have a seat, man. Go have a seat. Jeff: Rick. The tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Tomorrow, you will compete in your final immunity challenge. The stakes are clear-- win and you earn yourself a spot at the final tribal  council. Lose, clearly, you are vulnerable. Try to getta I good night's sleep. You will need it. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. I'll see you tomorrow. All the honesty, integrity, all that stuff, and Coach stood up, "oh,  don't be that way." it's like, "sit down. Don't breathe down my back and tell me it's raining. I wish I had made a bigger move but I was blinded thinking Coach was playing  true to his word. Ozzy's got my vote. I made it to the final four. I'm so close to finishing this game, and I want this so bad. I can just sense victory. And I didn't come out here to quit. I do have a plan b. Plan b. Is to win. Plan a., win. Plan b., win. I know they're doing whatever they can to get an edge, an advantage, so do I plan  on sharing the coconuts that I take down? Hell no. No way. So I’m just trying to fuel my body and get ready for today's challenge. Okay, cool, man, let's talk. But now it's just like-- no, I can't stand him being here, it, like,  actually, irritates me. I gotta talk to you, man. I'm feeling bothered. At first really mad. Then I was just really sad because I feel like everything that you've told me  has been a lie. In what way? Well, I go to Redemption Island, and I said as a christian man I want to play  this game with you. And I specifically said don't tell people about what i've told you here. This is between you and i. And last night at tribal, you're just like, all right, Coach, I’m going to  just say it. And you spilled all the beans. I just want to know what kind of game you're playing with me. I woke up this morning, and I knew that I needed to clear the air with Ozzy. I felt like I had given him respect. I felt like I had told him the truth. And in recip cigs, I had gotten stabbed in the back. It's very disrespectful to me. I'm very-- I’m very saddened by it because you don't understand-- i've been  burned so bad in this game before by trusting people. Then just tell me that's what it is. That is totally, 100% it. You know, I have put all my cards in one basket, which was trusting a couple  of people. All right. And got screwed because of it. The worst part is, is I let myself care about that person, and when I cared  about that person, and they stabbed me in the back, it was even worse. So this time, i've been so guarded, that I felt like I couldn't trust you  yesterday. Right. Ozzy opened up to me and he let me know that this game had really hurt him  bad-- not the game itself, but the people he had played with. He had given his implicit trust in people and they had burned him and when I saw  that in Ozzy, my heart broke for him. Everything changed for me in that instant. Getting over that, that issue, has been one of the most difficult things. Even though what I told you is true, and I do want to-- I do want to go to  the end with you, because I still believe that that's how this game should be. You know, it's not too late for that who do you want to go home tonight? Obviously, Sophie, right. Not me. Obviously, soviet, right. No, now it's-- as weird as this sounds, I i'd like Albert and Sophie to make  a fire. Really? Yeah. I would. That's awesome. A tie. I like that idea actually. No, actually, I really like this idea. I didn't want this to ba bstrategy. We're totally fine. Yeah, dude. I've been they go plague this game to win. And I think he understands where I’m coming from. I like that idea about tonight. All this could be a big joke on me. I don't even know, but it doesn't matter because this is it, baby. Day 38. This is the last challenge that I will ever play in this game. The fact is, they tried their hardest yesterday. They're going to try their hardest today, but so am i. This is the moment of truth, and I’m ready. I will leave everything I have in that challenge because this challenge for  me is worth a million dollars. Jeff: Come on in, guys! Welcome to your final immunity challenge. Oh, man. I have been waiting 38 days for this. Jeff: Let's get to it. First things first, Ozzy. I will take it back. For the last time, immunity is back up for grabs. For your final immunity challenge here on "Survivor: South Pacific,"  you will race through a giant flower-shaped obstacle course to collect five  bags of puzzle pieces. You'll then use those pieces to solve the puzzle. First person to get it right wins immunity, is guaranteed a spot at the final  tribal council where you will get a chance to plead your case to the jury  about why you deserve the title of sole Survivor and the million dollar check. Losers, tribal council, where somebody's dream of winning it all will come to  an end. Huge stakes. You're all ready for it. I'm ready to go. Jeff: We'll draw for spots. We'll get started. Here we go. For immunity and a guaranteed spot at the final tribal council. Survivors ready? Go! There are five stations. You need to get a bag from each one. Ozzy quickly through the first obstacle. Sophie and Albert on the same first leg. Coach nice recovery. Coach off. Gotta go back to the start. Ozzy is through and has his first bag. Ozzy coming back with bag number one. Albert coming back with his first bag. Sophie right behind. Ozzy heading on to the swing. Another unsteady leg of this challenge. Albert has bag one heading out looking for number two. Sophie back with her first bag. She's heading back out. Coach now back with his first bag. Does the fireman roll. Ozzy has his second bag. He's heading back. Albert has his second bag. He's heading back. Albert with a hard fall. Albert now looking for that third. Ozzy back from the swings with his second bag. Ozzy heading through the net crawl looking for his third bag. Coach back with his second bag. There are five bags total. Albert shimmying across those. Ozzy back with his third bag. Ozzy across the rope looking for his fourth bag. Albert making it difficult for Sophie. It's already tough enough. Now she's got the weight of Albert making it even more uneven. Ozzy now back with his fourth bag. Sophie has her second bag. Albert falls off and gotta head back. Opens up the door for Ozzy now to extend his lead. Ozzy and Albert now on the same leg. Albert with his third bag, Ozzy looking for his fifth and final bag. Coach back his third bag. Sophie back with her third bag. Albert hag a while. Now back with his third bag. Ozzy has his fifth and final bag and is heading back. Sophie coming back with her fourth bag. Albert is going to head her off. Somebody going to have to give way. Albert falls off, gotta go back to the start. Coach coming back with his fourth bag. Ozzy has his fifth and final bag. He can start working on the puzzle. Sophie coming back with her fourth bag. Sophie with a fall. 38 days taking their toll. This is not an easy challenge. Ozzy with a huge lead. Albert now through with his fourth bag. Coach has his fifth and final bag. Coach needs to start working on that puzzle. Ozzy still looking for that first piece. Sophie can start untying her puzzle pieces. Do not panic. You will have time. Anybody can win this challenge still. Even with the huge lead Ozzy had. Albert back with his fifth and final bag. Absolutely exhausted. This is the most difficult puzzle of the season. Once you get one piece it will help you because that one will be locked in. Sophie has her first piece of the puzzle. Ozzy had a huge lead and it is gone. Sophie has her second piece of the puzzle. Go, Sophie. Jeff: Sophie has her third piece of the puzzle. There are eight pieces total. Sophie having a hard time with that fourth piece. Ozzy has his first piece of the puzzle. Ozzy has two pieces. Coach still with nothing. Albert still empty-handed. Ozzy has his third piece. Sophie has her fourth piece of the puzzle. Sophie has her fifth piece of the puzzle. Sophie has her sixth piece of the puzzle. Sophie with her seventh piece. One piece left. Coach turns to watch now. Ozzy still fighting. Sophie wins final immunity. Sophie wins final immunity. So. So close. So far away. Yet again. Jeff: Sophie, come on over. Sophie, three times individual immunity in this game. This is the biggest. This guarantees you a spot at the final tribal council. You will get a chance to plead your case to the jury as to why you are  deserving of the title of sole Survivor and the million dollar check. Tonight at tribal council, you will have a hand in voting out Ozzy, Coach, or  Albert. One of them will become the ninth member of the jury. The other two will join you at the final tribal council. I can't wait to see. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. I'll see you at tribal council. Great job, Sophie. You kicked ass. I tried that one so many times and I just couldn't get it to fit. I was surprised, actually, by how easy the puzzle was, once you got it going. The only thing that was hard was the first piece. Just got back from the final challenge and I lost. Of course stupid puzzle. My mind turned inside out and I couldn't do it. Everything that i've done, i've put into this game, just came crashing down. But I’m not going to give up. I'm going to try something. You know, Coach told me he wanted to take me to the end, but something tells  me he's going to change his mind. I don't know. But-- whoo! Hey! Oh, yeah! I relinquish once and for all the title of dragon slayer, and you are the  dragon slayer. Whooo! A new slayer is born. Sophie, you certainly are because in this game, from moment one, Ozzy was the  cragon. And you slayed him. Everything was riding on this challenge. Beating Ozzy was crucial. Ozzy had to be out of this game. And I think beyond that, being the one to beat Ozzy, must be something I can  hang my hat on come final tribal. He's been the tangible villain. He literally is the bad guy. And we got to freaking knock him out on the last day. Don't talk Ozzy for too long. I don't want to be hamming it up with him and cause dissension among us. Yeah. So I’m just going to talk to him just fair second. Nobody can be as confident as I am right now. I have the necklace around my neck, but tonight is not a lock for Albert and Coach. There could be a 2-2 tie tonight. I think Albert will definitely vote for Ozzy. I'll definitely vote for Ozzy. But Coach's relationship with Ozzy has been a bit behind closed doors. He had a long conversation with him at redemption, at the merge, this morning. Coach could be playing a game Albert and I don't know about. I hope that's not the case because I do think that I have very little shot  for the million against Ozzy. How you feeling? I'm at peace. I think you know what to do. If you want to find out who really is the most deserving person, and I know  you got a little flare for the dramatic, the only thing I would ask is just  to give me the chance to fight one more battle to make a fire with Albert. This would be the most epic of epic ways. I mean, listen, Coach. I know, man, I hear it. But you know what I’m battling against. What. I'm battling my word. You also gave me your word. After I your word, I felt like you betrayed me. You feel like Albert hasn't betrayed you. I have had the chance to spend two days with you. I think if somebody has spent so much time with a person and they betray you  then, as opposed to someone that you've just met that has never seen what you  are, what you stand for. The real test of who is deserving to go and sit next to you is this  opportunity. I have said from the beginning of day one that I want to take the best to the  end. I want to take the strongest to the end. I want to take the warriors to the end. And Ozzy, in every sense of the word, is a warrior. Albeit arrogant, but he is a warrior. If you want to have this be the real warrior battle that you say you want to  have, that we both talked about, this is the way to do it. It really is. I understand that. It's also a word of a christian man that you gave to me. This is where it's real. Right now. I know you'll make the right decision, man. The dilemma that I have now, why isn't there an easy vote at this time? Why can't I say to myself, cool, man. It's the enemy that we've been fighting against all along. It's Ozzy. Why can't it be easy? But it's still, on day 38, racks my brain because I’m sitting here with  another anguishing decision. Another decision that's going to rip my heart out. Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Jim. Keith. Dawn. Whitney. Cochran. Edna. Brandon. And Rick. Jeff: So, Sophie, after 38 days, to be at the final tribal council with  immunity around your neck, how's it feel? It feels amazing. It feels absolutely amazing. I've had so many ups and downs in this game. And it feels nice that I can be in this good place at a time when it really,  really matters, which was today. So I felt like I pulled it out. Jeff: Ozzy. Yo. Jeff: You came into this challenge knowing I gotta win or I’m in trouble. Yeah, it was a million-dollar puzzle. And when it came down to fitting the puzzle pieces in, that first piece they  keep playing over back in my mind is I was right there. Why wasn't it fitting in which I when I wanted it to? And for whatever reason it didn't, and I have to let it go. But it's going to nag at me for the rest of my life. I guarantee you that. Jeff: Coach, you know what this is like. Both you guys playing for your third time. Hard to hear Ozzy say i've come so close yet again I fall short? I know how it feels. You know that there comes that time when you think this might be my last day. And it's pretty devastating. And from a competitor like Ozzy who is so deserving to be any place in the  this game, the final three, it's heartbreaking to see that and to know how he  feels. Jeff: Ozzy, how did you spend the afternoon? Well, it's no secret that Coach and I talked multiple times about sitting in  the final two, in a real epic battle between the two returning Survivors. And if Coach is a man of his word, he'll live up to that promise. So I know Coach is going through this sort of mental process. But I think there's a really easy way to find out who deserves it. Coach knows what I’m talking about. Jeff: Whose he talking about Coach? Talking about tying up the vote so there's a fire-making challenge. Jeff: Just so I’m clear, Ozzy is saying give me a shot. Let me go up against Albert. Whoever can make fire moves on. Right. Jeff: Is that hard for you because the one consistent in all three times that  you've played has been I actually want to try to play a game with honor. You know, I think this game is very hard, especially if you start out this  game and you say I want to play it honorably. And i've always said, you know, that I want to take the strongest people to  the end. But I think that these two here are also very strong. The only thing that sets Ozzy apart is that he came back and coming back is  an almost impossible task to get to the end. And so that's the dilemma. Jeff: Albert how do you think you would do in a fire making challenge against  Ozzy jai know how to make fire. But it's like saying you know how to drive. But are you going to beat jeff gordon in an auto race? I can't say I favor very well, speaking very candidly with it. Jeff: Hearing Ozzy broach this topic with Coach has got to be a little  unsettling. It's something they just have to keep my trust in Coach that he is the person  that i've seen him be to me. I haven't seen anything that he's done that would indicate he might turn his  back on me at this point but I could be wrong. Jeff: All right, Sophie has individual immunity, you cannot vote for Sophie. Anybody else is fair game. It is time to vote. Albert, you're up. Pride comes before the fall, my man. Hope you learned a lesson in humility. Because I am the new dragon slayer. Slayer. Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. Once the votes are read, the decision it final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote. Ozzy. Albert. Ozzy. Two votes Ozzy, one vote Albert. 17th person voted out of "Survivor: South Pacific" and the ninth  and final member of our jury, Ozzy. You need to bring me your torch. Sayonara, "Survivor." man, I had a good ride. [ applause ] thank you, guys. Thank you, guys, so much. Third time's a charm, baby. Jeff: Ozzy, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. It was great. Thanks a lot for the chance. Yee-haaa! Jeff: Congratulations. You have gone as far as you can go in this game. Tomorrow night, you will return here for your final tribal council and you  will get your chance to plead your case to the jury about why you are the  most deserving of the title of sole Survivor and the million dollar check. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night. Three times in "Survivor" getting your torch snuffed out is surreal. But the jury clapped for me. That was such an awesome feeling. I played as good a social game as I could have with a few mistakes here and  there which I think led me to redemption. It is what it is. I truly cannot believe it, guys. Final three! An Ozzy-free camp. Big, big hug. Ah! Tribal tonight, there was a dilemma in my mind. But at the end of the day, I mean, it really was a no-brainer. So Ozzy went home tonight. We came back as a family. And for us to be here at day 38, I forgot who said it, Mark twain,  shakespeare, one of those guys said, if I’m in a cream right now, let me  never wake up. I'm so happy. Congratulations. Yeah. I'm just on cloud nine. I'm totally elated. It's truly amazing, and I’m truly and utterly blessed. It feels good. Well, good night, guys. We'll see you in the morning. Good night. Might as well get on with our day, right? Show me the money! Hey! Final three breakfast! Two baskets. Champagne. How many eggs we got? Oh, yeah! Oh, my goodness. We woke up and we go to tree mail, and there's just more food than i've eaten  this whole entire time and I couldn't help myself. I was hopping up and down like a bunny. Here's to day 39. Whoo! Yeah! I'm not a sausage person. These are awesome. After 39 days of deprivation, having this one day where we suddenly get  everything, it's amazing. I think we're all really proud of ourselves today. I think we really are, realizing that, you know, we did it. Nobody can vote us out. Come here, come here, guys. I need a hug. I do want to say that I’m glad that it's the three of us, but I still feel  like it should be you or i, I really do. Albert really got lucky. I think that he played a spoiler game. He was really out for himself and pandering to the jury way too quickly. And he's lucky to be here. I talked to Coach a bit about low to handle Albert. I'd like Albert to live up in tribal council to being a bit squirrelly, a  bill bit wormer. I truly don't have anything bad to say about you and I’m not going to. There's nothing really for me to say about you. I thought today under and more about my emotional breakdown at tribal. I want to keep my composure tonight. The last thing I want to do is seem like this complete, you know, nut job,  you know, crazy, emotional crying because I think that's somebody who doesn't  deserve to go to the end. So I’m going to try it go in perhaps a bit more logically than emotionally. So what do you think, champ? What are your thoughts? Was there anything you want to tell me specifically about Coach? I don't want to throw anybody under the bus but if it seems like Coach is  suddenly the king of all kings at tribal, might as well give it a shot. Going to tribal tonight I feel confident because I feel like I played a head  and shoulders better game than the other two. Not only do I know how to express myself well and I know how to persuade well  but I truly think I played the best game of the three remaining. That's going to make me feel confident about my answers, feel poised and not  feel defensive or on my heels but feel kind of stronger and a little bit  shaper. I started this journey three years ago. I wanted to change the game. And I nicknamed myself the dragon slayer. I got voted off. I kind of felt like a fool. So I came back on "heroes and villains." and I felt like I became  the dragon because I made way too early of an exit. But now is the third and final chapter of my journey on "Survivor."  the analogy you, you look back to the ancient chinese, the story goes that  the dragon came into the fire and through that fire resurrecting from the  ashes came this beautiful phoenix, and I feel like that is me. I see myself going from destruction to absolute victory. Burn it down, baby! Let's do it. There it is. I see myself rising above everybody, rising above all the misery that I have  had to go through, and I want to see this final chapter have a happy ending. I want on that last day standing to have truly risen from the ashes and  become the ultimate victor in this game. Victor in this game. Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Jim. Keith. Dawn. Whitney. Cochran. Edna. Brandon. Rick. And Ozzy. So, Albert, Coach. Sophie, congratulations. You have gone as far as you can go in the game, and tonight, the power in the  game shifts from you to the jury. Nine people that you had a hand in voting out now hold your fate in their  hands. They will skied who is deserving of the title of sole Survivor and the  million dollar check that goes along with it. Here's how it's going to work. You're each going to get a chance to make the opening statement. Then the jury will get their first chance to address you, and then we will  vote. Albert, you're up. All right, guys. Kind of a big evening tonight so I just want to say how honored I am, how  privileged, and how really humbled I am to be in this position. To me, guys, the beauty of "Survivor," what I love with this  adventure, when you look at the game in its truest essence, this is a social  experiment, and that's the part they really love and appreciate about this  game. Because the people that I was surrounded with, the people I got an  opportunity to meet, tow me this is not a game about chess pieces. It's a game about people. And I think a higher power really brought everyone sitting here tonight  together. So I want to say thank you guys for playing and being a part of this journey,  and I don't think any of us will ever forget. I know that I certainly will not. I look forward to answering all of your guys questions tonight and I’m so  thankful just for this incredible opportunity. Jeff: Sophie, you're up. Okay, so I’m just going to cut to the chase. It's about outwit, outlasting, and outplaying. And when it comes to outplaying I felt like I held my own in the challenges. When it came to individual immunities, I won three individual immunitys. When it came to outwitting, I felt there were two parts. One was the strategic part and I felt I did that well. I made a five-person alliance from the beginning and I wanted to keep that  five-person alliance to the end. It wasn't necessarily the easiest thing to do, but I made sure that my  strategy revolved around it. And then the other half of that outwitting I think was a social game, and I think  it became more clear to me a couple of tribals ago maybe I wasn't so good at  the social game. I felt like I made some genuine friendships back at Upolu. I'm not a used car salesman. I came out here and I was myself. I do think I was as honest as possible. So I think I fulfilled the requirements. Jeff: Coach. I just have to say, wow. I really can't believe I’m up here. When you look at the beginning of this game, Redemption Island is built for  somebody like Ozzy, you know, because he's great in challenges, and, you  know, Coach is a bit of a character. I had an uphill battle coming into this game, and the first time I played  this game I played with arrogance and self-righteousness, and I tried to do  something different this game and that is I tried to lead with compassion,  love, appreciation and respect. And I don't think a lot of leaders do that. Best thing about this journey is instead of fitting everybody to my journey  and my plans, I just looked at everybody that was around me. And, you know, what? When you open up yourself to others, you receive it 10fold and I’m truly  blessed to have gotten a piece of each and every one of you through this game. Thank you. Jeff: All right, jury, in a moment you're going to get your first chance to  address Albert, Coach, and Sophie i'll give you a moment to think about what  you want to say. Jeff: All right, Albert, Coach, Sophie. You've made your opening statements. The jury now get their first shot at addressing you. Ozzy. Get us started. All right. You guys ready for this? I got good news and bad news, guys. Good news is, this game's not decided. The bad news is, nobody wants to vote for any of you guys. Sophie, I still think as a privileged, pretentious brat. I still do, in my opinion. Luckily, Sophie, you can change. And Albert, you're just the person who happened to be at the right place at  the right time and really didn't do anything too amazing in my opinion. So, Coach, I have to give you credit as a veteran getting to the end. It's huge, and I’m giving you the chance alone to win this game or to lose  this game. But that's based on what you give me right now because you got to be honest. Your game philosophy has been a certain thing. The honor, all of that. We all know it's a bunch of bull, because if you really believe that, it  would be me and you sitting up there. It would be. Absolutely. So did you play the way you say or did you not? I tried to play this game with honor. And I came to all these crossroads in the game where I had to compromise my  word, and I found myself breaking my word. And it hurt me. I knew that it hurt other people. I kept saying to myself like you, this is my third and final time. And I want to get to the end. And I want to win the million dollars. So I think I played this game most of the time honorably but there were times  when I was definitely dishonorable. That's it. I guess I’m going to unleash the dogs on you guys now. Thank you. Jeff: Jim, you're up. Albert, I want you to tell me why the two people next to you shouldn't be  here or shouldn't win the million dollars, and seriously, if you start with a  compliment, like, "Coach is a nice guy, but..." that would lose my  vote. All right. I love this question. I love the way you're approaching the game. Specifically-- [ laughter ]. No because very honestly-- very honestly, man, the reason why I don't think Coach  should win the game is I really believe the Savaii tribe viewed Coach as the  leader. The reality, Coach didn't bring me or Sophie here. He didn't. We actually brought him here. I took a stand for Coach early in this game and I got him deeper in the game. Coach had a target on his back and he was carried to this point. He did not do the carrying. In terms of Sophie, she played a strong game but did not play a social game. I made truer connections with this group here than Sophie did or than Coach  did. I'm good, thanks, guys. Jeff: Thanks, Jim. Dawn. Congratulations, you guys. My question is really just for you, Sophie. I really want to understand your strategy and why you made the alliance with Coach  and Albert. What about them specifically early on? Before I came to this game I said I wish I was a man because men in this game  seem to be able to get two young girls to follow them to the end and that's  something I can't do. And when I met Coach I saw him as the equivalent of a young girl. He was someone who said to me, "my loyalty is worth more than a million  dollars. I want to come out of this game restoring who I am." that's a guy who is  not going to write my name down. With Albert, he was really into strategy and I like the idea of alining with  someone I could really talk strategy with the whole game. As the game went on, our relationship disintegrated to the point where I was  going to vote him out for sure and Coach and I became more on the same page. And then I say the reason he's here at the end is because I feel like keeping  him in the game would give me a better shot at staying in the game than  keeping in Rick. Great. Jeff: Thanks, Dawn. Rick. Here we go. Coach, you know, you said you tried to play with honor and dignity, and you  would look me in the eye and say, "we're men of honor." do you have  anything to say to me at all? Yes. Let's hear it, short. I apologize. You just stuck me right in the back. Albert, the night that you took the immunity necklace from Brandon and you  used the God thing on him, that was a bunch of bull. Sophie-- can I comment on that, Rick? No. I can't comment on that? No. Sophie, you lied the whole way. Why should you win the money? What's your name worth? Is your name worth supplying cheating the way through it? No, my name is worth a lot. And I did try as much as I could in this game to only lie when I felt like it  was justified to get to the end. And I will say, and I’m saying this honestly, the one person I feel the most  bad about the lie was you. A lie is a lie. I think that's the thing-- I think that will be one of the only things I’m  ashamed of out of this game. You guys lived with me for 37 days. You know how I feel about liars. I have nothing else to say to those guys. Jeff: Thanks, Rick. Brandon, you're up. What's up, guys? Uhm, mr. Coach, at the beginning of this game, you said that as a man of God, that you  would never, no matter what, vote me out of this game. Is there anything you got to say to me? Yeah, I want to say thank you for raising the bar. You raised all of our standards higher and you preached the name of Jesus christ  and it was a rally cry for us and it was an honor to play with you. And with you, you know, I honestly think you should be here. And I saw you being here. You were not meant to be home, brother. I know that you feel hurt, and I want to make it up to you. A little bit hurt. But I do forgive you for what you've done. Albert, how do you feel about using God to get to the final three? I've never once used God in this game. I knew that i'd be willing to do anything to win this game, anything. The one thing I would never compromise is my personal relationship with God. And I know that this game seriously brought me closer, back to my walk with  my God. I thank you for that, man. -- I’m-- can i? Go ahead, man. I appreciate it. And honestly feel that you're being genuine with me. Just really quick question. Did you know I was going home? Let me tell you-- did you know I was going home. I'm going to tell-- did you knowis going home. Yes or no. This is the answer to that question. Yes or no. I was told-- yes or no. There's no explanation. Okay. Did you know I was going home? Yes or no or i'll move on. And then you screw yourself. I'm going-- I did not know that you were going home. Okay, that's it. That's all I needed to know. You lie. Thank you. Jeff: Whitney, you're up. Congratulations. Uhm, Albert, you are sleazy. A little sleazy. I felt like you buttered people up when you knew they were leaving the game. And I don't feel like you had any real intention to make a big move against  your alliance. Coach, I feel like you used christianity to manipulate your whole tribe, and  put fear into them, actually. Sophie, the reason I find it hard to write your name down for a million  dollars is you are the most condescending person i've ever met. You took zero time to get to know anybody, really. Definitely-- I think I said this in the beginning. I mean, I think that's part of who I am. I think I am really hard to get to know. And I’m very blunt. I'm very intimidating. And I think that it's just part of, like, how I come off. And I think that after this game, and after hearing all the feedback, I think  it's not such a good quality as I thought it was. Yeah, definitely not. I think it's weakness. Okay, thanks. Jeff: Edna. You're up. Congratulations. We're all here to play "Survivor." everybody knows that. And the inherent ingredient is manipulation. We're all going to be manipulated. The majority of the time we're going to be manipulating people. And what is the most historic way to manipulate people? Through religion. That was successfully utilizeed. We shouldn't be sitting here feeling duped. It was our own fault. We voluntarily kim here to be duped. And we shouldn't hold any hard feelings by these people duping us because we  signed up for this and these people did it successfully. They managed to dupe each one of us. Congratulations. Jeff: Thanks, Edna. Keith. I want to say congratulations, of course. My question is to you, Coach, about the individual immunity idol. You didn't dnot play it at all. Were you going to use that immunity idol individually or for the team? I did think it was a tribe idol. The one time they would have played it was at the 6-6 merge tribal council. And we actually talked about that-- so they'll all reiterate that point? Yeah, because before Cochran approached me I talked to him about it, because  if it was a 6-6 and there was no other vote where we could swing it, who  would they vote out. I didn't play it because I didn't need to play it. I can clear something up about the idol, too. The idol was actually not found the way Upolu thought it was found. Albert found the clue with the help of Coach and I distracting the team. Coach then found the idol, and we originally thought we would keep it for the  three of us. And then it got to the point Brandon was hunting like anything for an idol  that wasn't there anymore. So we staged a discovery of the idol. Okay. Thanks a lot, guys. Jeff: Thanks, Keith. Cochran. You know, more than anyone else in this game, I was such a fan of Coach. You really tRicked me. You know, you stroke mid ego. You called me hercules. I did tai chi. And I loved that. You tRicked me. You got me. And I think you played a really impressive game. Everybody thought they were in the final three with you, including me. I industrial believe it. I thought, oh, my God. I'm in the final three with Coach. This is awesome. What I don't appreciate is you talk about honor. You said itt so frequently the word means nothing me. I wonder if you could share your strategy but don't talk about honor. I wail kale into this game wanting to do right thing and when you try to  please everybody you end up doing the wrong things. I tried and fell short and I stabbed a lot of you in the back and I’m sorry I  did what I did to get here. I knew it was my third and final time and I wanted to get to the end and  every day I would justify my actions and in the end it became one big  convoluted exphes I didn't know how to get out of it. It was like a deck of cards. I kept stacking it up and stacking it up and now everybody hates me and the  deck of cards is gone and the game I tried to play is in shambles and as i've  proven since day one since i've been on "Survivor." I’m a terrible  strait ger. In my real life I’m a decent person. I'm not a strategist. It's probably my fault. Because I was the strategist. I was the original-- Coach. Thanks. Jeff: Okay, there has been a lot said tonight. Now, you, the jury, have a very big decision to make. Which one of these three are you going to give a million dollars to? Albert, Coach, or Sophie. I'm going to give you a moment to think about your vote. Jeff: Okay, Albert, Coach, Sophie, it is time to vote. Jury, you are voting for a winner, the person you feel most deserving of the  title of sole Survivor and the million dollar check. That goes along with it. For the last time, it is time to vote. Jim, you're up. Jim, you're up. If you wipe out all the garbage about honor, integrity, love and compassion,  played a great game, man. You have nothing to apologize for. I hope the rift of the jury isn't super bitter and votes based on who played  the best game and it was you, Coach. So I hope you win. I'm excited for you because I think you're going to have a million troops  smile. Million troops smile. Jeff: For the last time, i'll go get the votes. Albert, Coach, Sophie, congratulations. Jury, thank you. I will see all of you back in los angeles for the reading of the votes. The votes. [ cheers and applause ] jeff: All right! Come on down! Thank you. Always good to be live. [ cheers ] all right. A worthy response for a worthy season. Nice job to everybody up here. Yeah. [ applause ] but here's where we sit. Albert, Coach, Sophie, no matter how you get to the end, I say this every  time at the final vote, you should be proud. It's very tough to get to the end of this game no matter how you get there. So for that, you should be proud. What's tRicky is there's only one winner. And that's the dilemma. How do you vote people out of this game, your jury, and then get them to turn  around and vote for you to win? That's the social politics that is always at play on "Survivor."  one of you did it better than the other two. Time to find out who is the winner of "Survivor: South Pacific." [  cheers and applause ] I’m going to read the votes. Tonight, you want to see your name on the parchment. These are good votes. These are votes for a winner and a million dollars. Unfortunately, Ozzy is not up for the million dollars. [ laughter ]. But Albert, Coach, and Sophie are, and here we go. First vote, Coach. [ cheers ] Sophie. [ applause ] one vote Coach, one vote Sophie. Coach. [ applause ] two votes Coach, one vote Sophie. Sophie. We're tied. Two votes Coach, two votes Sophie. Coach. [ applause ] three votes Coach, two votes Sophie. Sophie. Three votes Coach, three votes Sophie. Sophie. Four votes Sophie, three votes Coach. The winner of "Survivor: South Pacific," Sophie. Jeff: Well, this season saw the return of Coach and Ozzy, two of our most  popular players, both seeking are demption. The question is did either one of them find it? Plus Cochran made some friends, made some enemies. He made an impact. And Brandon Hantz, one of the most emotional to ever play the game, he's the  nephew of Russell Hantz, the most notorious villain in the history of "Survivor."  Brandon will share his experience and Russell is here as well and will share  his opinion about how Brandon played. Oh, and Sophie won a million bucks. We'll talk to them all next. It is the "Survivor: South Pacific" reunion show live from los  angeles. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, captioned by media  access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org