<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor":  Since day one, Coach has been the driving force behind an impenetrable  alliance of five. We've got Rick, Brandon, Sophie, Albert, and you've got myself. Jeff: And he added Edna as the sixth. I can't lie to anybody anymore. Jeff: But Brandon shattered any illusions Edna had about moving up in the  pecking order. Brandon said the other five people in the alliance have basically just  tolerated me. Jeff: We are merged. After the two tribes merged, they were dead even. At this point, it's a dead-locked 6-6 vote. You are the most powerful man in the game. Jeff: But Coach somehow convinced Cochran to jump from six at the old Savaii  to seven in his alliance. Who is the strongest, strongest man on earth they called him? Hercules. Yup. I'm hercules. I convinced Cochran he will be the man of the match. Jeff: Keith, the tribe has spoken. With the numbers advantage the old Upolu tribe picked off the old Savaii  tribe one by one. Leaving Ozzy, Dawn, and Whitney at Redemption Island. Oh, man. Jeff: Waiting to battle it out for a shot at returning to the game. The good news is the seven of you have accomplished your goal. The bad news-- nowhere left to hide. This game is about to change. And there were seven. Whoo-hoo. We have eradicated all former Savaii members. We have seven left and we're all family so now we have to start sending home  some of our own. Was anybody worried tonight or not really? No. Coming back from tribal, at least the sense of paranoia, because now people  have ideas floating around who is five, sir, and seven, and who is not in  that top four? I'm deluded into thinking I’m safe. Like I said at tribal, I’m going to stick to it. I'm happy with my decision, no vacillating, no questioning. Tribal council was kind of alarming to me because it was made clear I was the  person that was going in seven. Thank you for adopting me into your family. Doesn't this feel great? It feels like we're finally-- like when there are so many people here I hate  it. It doesn't feel like we're a tribe. After surviving another night I realize the family could turn on me at any  moment so i'll really reevaluating what I need to do to get further in this  game to make sure I’m not taken out by the family. Gosh, helter-skelter. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, i've been a good kid  and done well in school but fifth grade for whatever reason was kind of my  rambunctus period. I wassed to change my reputation as a brown noser so the nastiest thing I could  think of was to start prank calling people. I didn't have a good idea of how sex worked so I was calling these girls and  saying things like, "i think you're so hot. I really want to trade sperm with you." [ laughter ]. I'm sorry 72. And then i'd hang up and think that was a successful prank call. I always thought personality is something Cochran has going for him out here. When I first came here I felt kind of bad for Cochran, because I felt like  people were bullying him but I can see now why people got annoyed with him. You know, I get frustrated by the kind of air he puts on. I think he's really proud of the move he made, and I think he still thinks  that somebody will take him to the end. I don't like it. I don't like it. There has kind of always been this cult-like quality to the Upolu family. Just hearing the word "family" over and over you can't help but  think of charles manson and the manson family and the family that created so  many heinous murders. Holy God, help us to stay strong, stay away from temptation, father God,  don't get angry with each other and we'll just stay a family in Jesus' name,  amen. Brandon in particular seems almost obsessively devout, to the point where it  seems like he's trying to suppress something a lot more scary. I don't want to be sharon tate in this scenario, and I need some sort of plan  or else I’m going to be exterminated. I'm going to be given the poison kool-aid and meet my untimely demise. Good morning, guys. Basically what I wanted to talk about is I realize that my name is probably  being floated around to be the next person voted out of the tribe, and it  makes sense because I’m new here but I made a big sacrifice to kind of change  my game, and I feel like the Upolu tribe did benefit from it. So basically all I’m asking is for the debt to be paid back just by saving me  from one tribal council. I'm not asking you to promise me final four or even final five. I would just really, really appreciate it. And it is my birthday in three days so i'd love to celebrate my birthday with  all of you. If you want to talk about it I’m willing to leave and let you all discuss. All right. Thanks, Cochran. Cochran said, "i know a lot of you feel indebtedded to me." I don't  feel indebtedded to you. Screw you. He made an awful move. He should have stuck with his tribe. I'll be honest, guys, I’m not really going to say much because I think he makes  a valid point but it's not my opinion. It's the opinion of us five. Whatever you want to do i'll support. I agree with Albert, he sacrificed so much for us and I want it to be a group  decision. I would say that I would vote for switching it to keep Cochran here another  day. Yes, I think he made big moves but I feel just as indebted to Edna as I do to  Cochran. So if this is a democracy, my vote is for Cochran. Albert and I see we do owe Cochran another day in this game. If we could just pull one more vote to keep Cochran. We've gotten down to the seven. Everybody is fighting to be standing at the bitter end. Jeff: We'll now bring in the competitors for today's duel. Ozzy, Dawn, and Whitney. All right, you guys know the stakes. In order to stay in this game, you have to win today's duel. Here's how it works. For today's duel, you will balance ceramic dishes on the end of a long,  wobbly arm. The more dishes you stack, the more difficult it will be to keep them stable. When your dishes fall, you're out of the duel. Last person left standing stays alive and will continue their quest to get  back in this game for a shot at the money. Losers are out of the game for good and will become the third and fourth  members of our jury. Take your spots. All right, everybody pick up your arm and place it. First dish you're going to put on is a large plate. Make sure you have it where you want it. Get comfortable with that arm. See what that feels like while you still have a chance to experiment. All right, let's add a large bowl. Take your time. Place it, think about the dishes that are going to go on top of it. As this stack grows, it's going to get difficult. Dawn yawn, and almost cost her this game. They're now stacked nine dishes high. We're going to add another dish. You're going to add a small plate. This is a million-dollar do-or-die duel right here. Ozzy starting to wobble a little. Nice recovery. Time to add another dish. You're going to place a large bowl. Anybody can win this game if you can just get to the end. Dawn loses her stack. Dawn is out of this duel and out of the game of "Survivor." she  becomes the third member of our jury. Great job, Dawn. Jeff: You're going to add the 12th dish, a large plate. You saw how fast you can be out of this. Don't lose your focus. Time to add a small bowl. Three, two, one. Nice job. Whitney starting to wobble a little. Whitney loses her stack. Whitney is out of this challenge. Ozzy stays alive and continues his quest to get back in this game. You just wanted to break that. It was a pleasure, ladies. It was such a pleasure. Jeff: Dawn, what's the lesson that you learned about what you're capable of  in life? That anything's possible. That anything is possible. I mean, it's-- it's honestly, I mean, I think that's going to be fuel for me  and my family and my kids. I mean, I feel like if one of my kids says, "hey, i've got this pipe  dream," I’m going to say, "let me hang on and let's go." I hope  the people I’m around will feel this energy I felt from seeing the impossible  become possible. Jeff: Dawn, your adventure, sadly for you, has come to an end. But I got to take it. Jeff: It's time for you to go. You become the third member of our jury. Bye. Probst, I love you. Jeff: Ooh. Put it in? Jeff: Put it in. Sorry. Whitney, what was this adventure about for you? Just proving that you can do this. It was amazing, and it was hard but you make it through it and you push  through on those days that you don't think you can. My family is going to be proud, and my friends will be proud, and so I’m going  to be proud. 28 days is a long time. Jeff: Whitney, this parent of your life's adventure has come to an end. It's time for you to go. You become the fourth member of our jury. Good job. Thank you. Jeff: See you at tribal. Ozzy, you stay alive in this game. You're one step closer to getting back in for a shot at the money. Grab your stuff. Head back to Redemption Island. Await your next opponent. See you guys. Jeff: All right, guys. Head back to camp. From this point on, I’m even more excited to go into the duels and beat  people that are my enemies in this game. I have to rely on myself winning, but that is what I do best, and that's the  way that I want to win this game. I can survive out here on redemption. I can keep getting stronger. This is my home, Redemption Island. This is how I’m playing the second half of my game and there's no one better  suited to be out here than me. What are you doing today? What's on your agenda? I was going to go fishing but Cochran wanted to go and when it comes to  fishing, three is company but four's a crowd. Do you have any clothes to watch? Edna is out there doing the laundry and the funny thing is, you know, this is  "Survivor" the ultimate strategy game. The flairs my alliance think it's not outwit, outplay, outlast. They think it's outclean, outgather, outorganize. To me this game is about doing well in challenges, creating a great strategy,  and playing a strong social game. So those are what I’m focused on. I'll leave the housework to martha stewart. Awesome, man. It's got teeth so be careful. What do I do? I'm afraid of hurting myself. You're what? Brandon just caught this giant, really scary looking fish that have these  kind of intimidating-looking fang teeth and I’m in charge of holding it but  it seems to have some life in it so I’m nervous it will resurrect and attack  me. But whatever it takes to feed our tribe I’m willing to put our plaintiff and  limb in danger and Brandon is doing an awesome job of fishing and I’m happy  to help out. I feel like I’m part of the team. I didn't physically catch it, but I’m physically holding it and i'll bingly  be the one to bring it back to camp and him the one they'll hoist on their  shoulders. Everybody worked real hard today, man. I appreciate you coming out there and helping us. I'm glad to help. This guy was so patient. He was sitting there... Bye, Edna. Bye. Yeah, I don't think so. Albert proceeded to lay in the hammock and watch me for two hours while I did  the laundry, and when I stepped away from the laundry for one minute, I come  back to the fire being doused out, and the embers are wet and you can't get  the fire started that easily. Oh, that was so infuriating. Albert does pretty much nothing except lie around and eat fish and wait for  other people to wait on him. I don't think Albert has done a day of work in his life. I think that both has been hand-clothed, hand-bathed by his mother since he  was two. He just literally stay on the hammock for two hours and so now I was like  there's no fire, the laundry is not done and Albert hasn't done anything. He literally sat there. Albert is a kind of precious thing in camp. He's like one of those barbie dolls. They look cute because they don't do do anything and sit there. That's why I call him prince Albert. It's like I’m the prince and you guys work for me. It just kills me. Tell me I’m basically next person to go after Cochran. Is that still true? I think so, yes. Why? Because it's time to start picking everybody off one on one. I know, but why am I next? I found out I’m basically the next person to go after Cochran which makes me  feel as though I am pretty low on the totem pole. I definitely have to shake it up right now because sixth or seventh is not  acceptable for me. Do you have any suggestions, any ideas? What's your plan, Coach? My understanding is we're at a consensus that cook ran is next? Yes. Keeping Edna and Cochran would be the best thing for me to do because they're  never going to vote me out so it's really like a catch-22. Which side should I go at this point. Do I want to honor my word, be a man of integrity, stick with the five or do  I want to go another route? Nothing is for sure in this game you know why we're doing this this morning? Why? To center you and empower you. Right? Yeah. One of the two of us should win immunity today because we're doing this. There's that one player on every team that you give everything to. It's why you teach or Coach and it's why I play "Survivor" to find  that one student that wants to learn. So I took Cochran out to do thi chi. I do feel like I owe Cochran and I feel like I owe him some type of hope  going into the challenge. You never know what kind of challenge it's going to be and maybe, you know,  hopefully it will empower him. Up. Coach, for all the jokes about it and all the jokes directed at Coach, it is  a valuable thing for me to do. Usually I have all these conflicting goals bouncing around in my head-- how  do I curry favor with Brandon, how do I make Rick like me, how do I make Coach  like me-- but now all the stress exited my pours. All that wins is a singular drive to win immunity and I think I can do it  after today's session. You good to go, man? Yes. I'm just nervous but i'll get there. Jeff: Come on in, guys. You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge? You bet. Jeff: First things first. Sophie, i'll take it back again. Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, I’m going to give you a little "Survivor: South  Pacific" deja vu. The first stage, you will toss sandbags attempting to land them on top of crates. The first three to get a sandbag on each of their crates moves on to the  final round where you will use a large slingshot to fire coconuts at targets. First person to knock down all their targets wins immunity, is safe at  tonight's tribal council. In addition, the winner of this challenge will be treated to a nice "Survivor"  spa afternoon. You'll go back to camp where you will get a chance to enjoy a bush shower. You'll then have a massage, work out some of the cinches from 30 days out  here. Could be just what you need for these last nine days. Worth playing for? Yeah. Jeff: All right, we'll draw for spots and get started. All right, three people will move on to the final round. Three, two, one. Toss. Coach lands his first one. Sophie lands her first one. Brandon lands one. Edna lands one. Cochran lands one. Albert lands one. Coach lands his second bag. Rick lands one. Everybody has one bag. Coach has two bags. You're looking for a total of three. Oh! Jeff: Albert hung on the edge and then fell off. Coach on and off. Sophie lands her second bag. Rick lands his second bag. Sophie, Coach, and Rick each have two bags. Everybody else has one. Albert sticks his second. Brandon gives it a go. On and off. Rick is on and off. Albert nails it. Albert is moving on to the final round. We are looking for two more. Sophie, oh! Will not stick. Cochran's got his second. Cochran is now back in this. Yes! Jeff: Rick lands his third bag. Rick has moved on to the final along with Albert. One spot remains. If Sophie, Cochran, or Coach lands a bag right now, they move on to the final  round. Will is that do it for Coach? No. Cochran a little short. Can Sophie do it right here? And she does! Sophie moves into the final with Albert and Rick. All right, for the final round, it is Albert, Sophie, and Rick. First person to hit all three of their targets with a coconut wins immunity  and massage. Survivors ready? Go. You can only grab one coconut at a time but you can go as fast as you can  move. Everybody looking to get their first shot in. Albert just misses low. Sophie just misses low. Rick just misses low. Albert connects with his first target. Albert with only two targets left. Rick get his first target. Sophie, gotta get in this. Rick hits his second target. Good job, Rick. Jeff: Rick now with one target left. Albert just misses. Rick could win it right here. Just short. Albert hits his second target. It is now Albert and Rick. One target left. Rick could win it, immunity and massage, with this toss. No! Can Albert do it? Alknocks his third tearing down. Albert wins immunity and massage. Good job, al. Jeff: Albert, come on over [ applause ] nice job. Albert is safe at tonight's tribal council, cannot be voted out of this game. In addition, you're going to go back to camp, get a bush shower full of fresh  water. You will then lie down on a massage table, get a professional masseuse, nice,  natural oils, work out those cinches. Right next to your massage table is a second table. Choose one more person to join you for a massage. Big decisions you're making in a very complicated social game right now. What makes it so tough because each person over here is a family member of  mine. I'm going to have to take Coach on this. Jeff: Coach, come on over [ applause ]. I gotta ask one thing, though, jeff. Is there any way I can pick one more? Jeff: No. No way? Jeff: No. Can I give my reward away, then. Jeff: You want to give your massage up. Yeah. Jeff: To somebody else. I wouldn't mind doing that. Somebody give me their food reward next time. Jeff: If you want to give up your reward to somebody else in this game. Absolute, it is your reward. I need the food, so somebody next time, please. There's a guy here who has a birthday in two days. I'm going to give it to the birthday boy. I'm going to give it to Cochran. Jeff: Come on over. Thank you. Jeff: So, Cochran, is a massage something you're looking forward to. Yeah, i've given my mom macannels over the years but i've never actually  personally received one. I'm looking forward to being on the receiving end. My brother is in two days and this is a great gift. I really, really appreciate it. Jeff: Albert has immunity safe at tonight's tribal council. He gives up his reward. Coach and Cochran will go back enjoy a nice shower and a massage. Grab your stuff and head back to camp. Congrats. Albert offered the reward to me. There are only two possible explanations for his decision. One, he wants to work strategically with me and is trying to currie favor  with me which would be a good option. Two, it would be a sweet farewell gift for me to like him when I get on the  jury. Either way. I hope I get to stay one more night in the South Pacific. Thank you, Albert. Oh, my gosh! Walking back into camp, everything is laid out for Cochran and i. We've got two massage tables ready. We've got a shower to the left side. We've got two beautiful South Pacific women that are ready to massage us. There's oils there. Everything smells beautiful, fresh, new, clean. The water's like-- it like smells scented like jasmine or something. Cochran, it's unbelievable. Let me tell you. I'm trying not to use all the water. Yeah, try a little bit harder. Up to this point, i've never had a massage. I'm thrilled to see that, you know, some stupid little white lie about when  my birthday was-- which actually took place six months ago-- is helping me  somewhat in this game, even if it's to get a free massage. How does it feel? It feels great. I mean, having a beautiful woman stroke the inside of my legs is a new  experience for me. This is just amazingly rejuvenating to have this kind of treatment out here  on day 30. I couldn't ask for anything better than that. Actually, I could ask for Cochran's life to be saved tonight. I will fight for my man Cochran with my last dying breath. Of that you can be assured, my young warrior. I've upgraded to warrior. Wasn't I a student before? You're a young warrior right now. After I received my spa reward, I pulled aside Albert, not only to thank him  but to kind of get a feeling of whether he was willing to continue working  with me, knowing full well that my name is, you know, the one being floated  around the most to be voted out tonight. Quite frankly, it's not looking too good for your case. I was pretty sure Coach was on board. I was able to sway him a little bit and talk him into it. The problem is I don't think he's ready to make a huge move that would be  getting rid of, like, a Rick-- I know he is. I know for a fact he is. You think so? No question. Coach will vote out Rick. He calls him princess Albert. When did you hear that? Around the fire yesterday. Look, I’m telling you I’m not-- obviously, I’m in survival mode right now,  but I’m telling you 100%. You don't know how happy it would make me to see you go father than Rick in  this game. It could make me ecstatic. Rick, to begin with, he's about as smart as a bowling ball, and then I hear  he's chirping in the background, calling me names, dropping a princess here  and there. Are you kidding me, Rick? I have a mind to get rid of Rick on this vote. I just don't know if he'd do it. I promise you this-- if he does it, you can count on me, 100%. He's pissed off at Rick now because he heard about the princess Albert. That annoys him a lot. Good. He wants to vote out Rick. Dude. I'm on board. Albert caught wind that Rick was calling him princess Albert, prince Albert  because he doesn't do anything around camp. Cochran and I trying to use that information to try to get Coach to come with  us to vote Rick off. I feel like if we don't use you to our maximum benefit, part of the reason we  won that last group challenge and were 6-6 into the merge is because of you. I think that we owe you more of a, you know, debt. I like you. I like Coach. Yeah. I like you, too. I talked to Albert. He gave me this whole spiel it's not looking so good. Not looking so good. My decision tonight and which way I go is going to determine the rest of this  game. There is a tide that is coming. I either take it and go with a new alliance, or stay with my first five. As william shakespeare says, there's a tide that comes in the lives of men  that when taken, leads to great fortune. But when omidst it, all the rest of their lives are bound in shadows and  misery. I want to make sure that I make the right decision. I want to make sure they take the right tide so that I can ride that tide all  the way to the end of this game that I love so dearly. Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Jim. Keith. Dawn. And Whitney. Coach, where does this rank in terms of all the possibilities that could  happen with tonight's vote? I think the possibilities are endless. I mean, they really are because nobody really knows if they're going to the  final three, if they're four, five, six, or seven. There's a new scenario that's presented to me and Albert and everybody here  every hour. It's been crazy. Jeff: Cochran, did you feel the scrambling happening today? Oh, absolutely because I took part in it. I'm sure it's going to fill the jury with glee to discover I’m probably in  great danger tonight, and I feel like an idiot kind of. I don't mean to sound greedy but I’m here to collect a debt. I gave life to this tried and to be targeted for seventh it's a little bit  humiliating. I feel a little bit duped. The massage was one nice way of paying off the debt but I feel like I’m entitled  to at least one more night in this game. Just to comment on that point I vocalize to the tribe I thought it's not in  the best interest of our quote, unquote image, to use and abuse someone, and  I don't regret my decision of giving him the reward, and I don't want him to  regret his decision. Jeff: Coach, does it concern you a little when you have Albert saying,  "i think Cochran's right?" as everybody knows, we're in this good  standing because Cochran made a move that some people considered cowardice. Others, including myself, thought it was very bold and courageous. Jeff: Rick, are you worried at all if Cochran does play his card tonight that  means it's one of the other six? Oh, absolutely because it's a million bucks, yeah. I've got my bags packed. I really don't want to go, but, yeah. Jeff: Edna, are you emotional tonight or are you-- yeah, I’m a little  emotional because I feel like I’m sixth, you know, the perception that the  six were equal. That was a delusion. I was led to think that I was equal in certain people's minds, we weren't. Jeff: So your emotion is anger, hurt, sadness? Sadness. I feel like i've already been deceived leading up to here, like, okay, I’m  sixth. That doesn't feel very good. Jeff: So, Edna, if Cochran believes he's seventh and you believe you're  sixth, all you need is to find who's fifth and who's fourth because they're  not in the money, either. Yeah, sure. Talk to people and find a little crack, and expanding that. It's a little bit of a publicity act. So we have to find certain angles and approach them. Jeff: Jeff. Jeff: Brandon. Everybody here knows what's going to happen for these two. That's why tonight I’m voting out Cochran and then the next night my vote is  for Edna. Let's not try to be so gray out there and just get it out there. I do believe there's black and white and if there's gray, you might as well  be lying, to be honest with you. Jeff: Coach, Brandon now poses a huge problem for anybody in his alliance. He is not malleable. So if something goes haywire with our plan, Brandon ain't going to help. Right, the fact that Brandon is not malleable in this game is both a blessing  and a curse. If you're with him, you know that he's not going to turn on you, but you're  also afraid that he's going to spilt apple cart. Jeff: Brandon, are you exhausted right now? Yeah. Jeff: What has tried you the most in this game? I want to do wrong things. I'm human. But i-- there's something st stronger inside me that won't let me. Anything worth having is not going to be easy. So that's all I’m telling myself in my head. Anything worth having is not going to be easy. That's all. Jeff: Cochran, as hard as it is to see Brandon upset from a game point of  view, it's a spark of life. Maybe this is too much for him. I mean, I think Brandon's revealed he's probably not the best person to be in  a strategic partnership with. Talking strait with Brandon is like talking to you about shirts that aren't  blue blue. He doesn't comprehend it. It isn't in his vocabulary. I wouldn't want to come up with strategic ideas with him because he doesn't  understand that language. Jeff: Albert, is that true about Brandon? Character aside, not the greatest strategy player out here? Yeah. I think it's sometimes unsettle glg so if something happens in this game and  your alliance has to make a different move and Brandon says, "wish I could,  can't." I think right now the way our tribe is I’m not concerned about  anything happening in the game. And I think-- if Edna wins immunity, what happens? Jeff: Wow. Then it starts. Jeff: This has been a bit of an eye-opening tribal, hasn't it? No? No. Jeff: Really? So, Cochran, how frustrating is it if the move you made was for naught? It's intensely frustrating. I thought I was being some savvy game player and then I get voted out in a  worse position than I probably would have if I stuck with my old tribe. It's extremely humiliating. I pride myself on being a "Survivor" expert. I hope this turns out to be one of the most idiotic moves in the history of  the game. Jeff: It has been one of the most interesting and revealing tribal councils  of the season. Albert has the necklace, cannot vote for Albert. Everybody else is fair game. It is time to vote. Brandon, you're up. Cochran, thanks for making the big move when you made it. Happy birthday. Rick, I’m writing your name down. Hopefully the other three people in our suballiance will be writing your name  down, too writing your name down, too i'll go tally the votes. If anybody has the hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now would be  the time to do so. Okay, once the votes read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area  immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Cochran. Rick. Rick. Two votes Rick, one vote Cochran. Cochran. We're tied, two votes Cochran, two votes Rick. Cochran. That's three votes Cochran, two votes Rick. 13th person voted out of "Survivor: South Pacific," Cochran. That's four. That's enough. You need to bring me your torch. Cochran, the tribe has spoken. You will have a chance to get back in this game. Grab your torch, head to Redemption Island. Good luck. Jeff probst, just snuffed my torch. It's unreal. A dream come true. See you, Cochran. Geez. Jeff: Just take the steps. Yeah. Jeff: Well, there was a lot of information revealed tonight, and your future  in this game will be determined by what you do with it. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night. Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode. Jeff: Next time on "Survivor": Our tribe is honor and integrity, and  then you allow such behavior. Jeff: Brandon's in deep trouble. On a day we thought Edna was definitely going to go home that's not the case  anymore. Jeff: And Cochran is in even deeper. You have a chance. He really doesn't stand a chance. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, captioned by media  access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org Cochran, Cochran, Cochran. The bick move I made at the merge in jumping over to Upolu, in retrospect,  may not have been the best move. I absolutely feel like Upolu used me. The fact that they did absolutely nothing to show any sort of gratitude,  apart from