<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor":  For the past 31 days, Albert and Brandon were part of an alliance of five. It's Coach, Sophie, Rick, Brandon, and myself. Jeff: Plus one, with Edna being the plus-one. But during that time, Albert consistently attempted to change the pecking  order. I'm entertaining the idea of running a cue. Jeff: Including trying to oust Rick. I won't bat an irish lash. I don't like Rick. His. He thinks he has a great strategic mind and I don't think he's come up with  one good idea yet. Jeff: Brandon was also infuriating the tribe. Brandon sticks his smelly foot in his mouth and gets in trouble. Stop, dude, look at me. I'm worried that he's going to kick over the kettle at the most inopportune  time. Jeff: When the loved ones arrived, Brandon's father did it, too. You have to keep him under control. Brandon's dad came out here and tries to bully me into make sure his son goes  to the end and wins $1 million. Jeff: With her head on the chopping block, Edna pulled out all the stops to  change the vote to Brandon. I ask you to describe what honor and integrity is. Reporter: And. Jeff: And Albert considered it. Edna makes some good points. Jeff: At tribal council, they hung together. Edna, the tribe has spoken. Now Edna is off to Redemption Island where Ozzy lies in wait. Well, from the beginning, you said it would be the five of you. Now what? Now what? Whooo! Good work, guys. We did it, man. We've been talking about it since day one. Final five, it's a beautiful feeling. Just walking back into the camp we could just feel faze that cloud had lifted  off of us. We're all feeling pretty good. We did what we said we were going to do. We know we can go at it with honor, loyalty, and integrity. Get in here! The most important thing for us to do is give thanks to the person who did  this for us. Let me pray. Is that cool? This day, this night-- we knew that this day would come. More stuff is going to hit the fan. We know there's no more loyalty. We know it's every cat for himself, so the alliances people have built up to  this point, the alliances within the alliances, so-called are, going to be  revealed. The real game begins tonight. Say Ozzy comes back from redemption. Brandon or Rick? Pretty much a toss-up. You're lucky you got this far. He's just got to sack up and not let Ozzy win immunity if he comes in. I feel like I have a pret good idea what I want to do within this five. I'm in a good position to pull off what I think will be the biggest blindside  of the game so far. If only she knew she's next. She's got no idea it's coming. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, how you feeling? Feeling all right. I'm just-- my head was just spinning last night trying to think of stuff. You know? Since early on in the game, i've been planning to go to the end with Coach  and Sophie, but the more and more I like at it, Sophie is getting  increasingly dangerous. She's a very well-spoken girl, very intelligent. She's starting to build a little bit of a resume. She has two immunity wins under her belt and I frankly don't know if I want  to sit next to her at the end. My best strategy is adapt to the players I’m playing with. Who am I playing with? I've got Coach, i've got Brandon, i've got Rick. A couple more days, man. Six days. We can stand on our head in the water and blow bubbles for six days. I just want to tell you right now, I know we haven't had a chance to talk,  man, but I’m still on pace, man. The way I see it, man, you and I are still going to the end. I haven't changeanything. We just have to be careful, make sure we make smart decisions here in the  next couple of votes. If I were picking people off based on how much I like them, Rick would be the  first person I get rid of. Of. But the thing about Rick is I think he's the least dangerous person left in  the game. Are you ready? He hasn't done anything strategically at all. He hasn't done anything in a challenge. He's got no prayer at all. So the more I think about it, man, if I had my choice, i'd go to the final  three with Coach and Rick. Because Coach has been the cult leader, Rick has been the follower. I'm kind of a little bit of a rogue in the middle. And I feel like i've been the most aggressive player trying to garner jury  votes and position myself to win $1 million and go home the sole Survivor. Jeff: We'll now bring in the competitors for today's duel. Ozzy will battle against Edna. Welcome to Redemption Island arena. You guys ready to get to today's duel? Yes. Jeff: For today's duel, you will race to complete a slide puzzle, releasing a  hatchet. You'll use the hatchet to chop a rope, releasing a bag of puzzle cubes. You must then stack the cubes so there are no repeating colors on any side. First person to get it right stays alive in this game it and and continues  their quest for the money. Loser, out for good, becomes the sixth member of the jury. Stakes have never been higher for either one of you. This is it. One shot. Take your spots. All right, here we go. Winner stays alive, loser becomes the sixth member of the jury. Survivors ready? Go. First phase is a slide puzzle. Your goal, slide these pieces around so that the largest piece containing the  hatchet will slide out of the front. Ozzy has his hatchet. Edna still working on it. Ozzy chops the rope and releases his second part of the puzzle, the puzzle  cubes. Edna still working on the slide portion. Don't give up. That last puzzle is very complicated, too. Ozzy has his four cubes. He's working on the second and final part of this duel. Ozzy with a bit of a lead now. Shoot. Jeff: Edna stuck. Cannot get through the slide puzzle. You gotta get two small squares at the bottom. Two small squares at the bottom, two small squares at the top. There you go. Jeff: Edna getting a lot of help from the same people who voted her out of  this game. Move the machete down. There you go. Jeff: Edna releases her hatchet. Good job, Edna. Jeff: Edna, one chop, drops her puzzle cubes. Edna now in this. Get them out, get working. Good work, Edna. You got it. Concentrate. Jeff: Edna's back in it, now. Start solving, girl. Ozzy taking his time, not panicking in this duel. Knows he's had a long head start. Each featerical side must have four different colors, red, green,iel oh, blue. If you see a repeating color on any side, you know it's not right. That one has a lot of reds, Edna. There's a green one. Green. Jeff: Edna with a huge advantage because she's got five people behind her  working this puzzle with her. Flip it over. Keep flipping, keep flipping. Jeff: An entire tribe working on this duel, taking on Ozzy alone. See that one has mostly blue. Some are mostly yellow. Jeff: The same people that voted aetna out so desperately don't want Ozzy  back in that they're now helping her. Ozzy truly is alone in this game. This will be a major unset if Edna defeated Ozzy. Edna trying to solve it outside of the frame. That's a good idea. Do it there first. Jeff: Edna out of nowhere thinks she may have it. Now Ozzy is stepping it up. Jeff? Jeff: Two reds. No! Jeff? Jeff: Ozzy thinks he has it. Let's check. This side is good. This side's good. This side is good. This side is good. Ozzy wins the duel and stays alive. Oh! Jeff: Edna, 33 days you lasted out here. What will you take back to your family? Gosk. For me having just been out here showed that I can do something and I can  survive the extremes of elements. I think that is something I can show to them. Jeff: Edna, your adventure has come to an end. It is time for you to go. Ed, you're an amazing woman. Good job, Edna. Good-bye, Edna. I smell so bad that I’m going to be happy to burn it. Bye, guys. Jeff: Ozzy, you stay alive in this game, and with every win of a duel, you  get one step closer to getting back in the game. Grab your stuff, head back to Redemption Island. Await your next duel. See you guys [ applause ] I feel it, man. I'm feeling really drained. When we first got together, the five of us, way back when on Upolu beach, we  talked about honor and integrity all the way. The interesting thing about the honor and integrity card is, in the game of  "Survivor" I do not care a single thing about honor and integrity. I really don't. Do you realize that now that we have five people here, someone's going home  tomorrow? It's impossible for us not to make the final three. So between and you me and Coach. Oh, yeah. Brandon really thinks no matter what happens I’m never going to write his  name down, and i've been playing that role strategically because I have to  keep Brandon to maintain a guaranteed numbers lock in this game. That means we have to beat Ozzy, man, and he's got so many more resources  than we do. That's the only thing that could spoil our plan right now. Right now I think our plan is set. We take out Sophie next. We've got to win the next three challenges. One, so we can send Sophie over there. Two, so we can keep Ozzy or her from making it to the final three. This is fate, man. This is-- we're in God's hands. It's going to be okay, bro. The only thing that could spoil it right now is us. Be strong, brother. I made an agreement with Albert, and I know that to be 100%. And as long as me, Coach, and Albert stay the course, vote off Sophie, we'll  definitely be in control then for sure, no matter what. The way I see it, Ozzy, he's the most dangerous player. Every single person that goes through redemption, he gets the last say with  every single jury member. Ozzy gets to feed them. He comforts them after they've been voted out. Every single jury member has gone through, like, "Ozzy's pleasure  dome" on the way out. The way I see it, we have to send Brandon to redemption. We have to put the two most dangerous players in the game together and get  one of them ou out. I think Coach and I are really on the same page. We both recognize that Brandon has done things in the past but I think you  have seen a change in Brandon since the merge. Superficially, he is the most trustworthy, the most Godly man out here and  that's not somebody I would want to go to the final three with. Rick. Are you on aboard with Brandon next? Two people, Ozzy and Brandon, and we thought put them together. We have to put them together to eliminate them. Are you down with that? I'm down. When I tell you I will, I will. Oh, absolutely. I know that. I want to talk to you because I know that you think Sophie's not a threat. I'm telling you right now, bro, i've been watching what she says at these  tribals. To me she's a threat. I disagree with that goop I ride rather to go to the end with Brandon than Sophie. I'm pleading with you to believe me that sovietef is a bigger threat than Brandon  at the end because they're not going to respect the way you played the game. As the group finally starts to scramble, this is the first time we've really  had to turn on each other and it's a very unsettling feeling. He just blows whichever way the wind blows. It's disheartening. I've been in a very tight alliance with Sophie since I found the idol. I tried to reason with Albert but he's not having any of it. He's got a thing about Sophie. I think it's because soviet sesmarter than Albert. That's the reason Albert is intimidated by Sophie. He's hearing her at tribal. She's speaking up. She's not this quiet little mouse that he thought she was and now he's  thinking I have to get rid of Sophie. I'm thinking more clearly, dude, than I have thought in the game. Brandon will win. When it gets down to the end-- that's a terrible argument, man. It really is. You really don't understand it, man. I'm just telling you, man. You dont understand-- you don't understand how the jury works. It's a totally different animal. Totally different animal. What's up? We're just talking about jury tristate and stuff like that. How you doing? Good. A little bit nervous with the conversation. I mean, it's-- come on, man. Don't sound like Russell. We just told you what the conversation was. We're talking about jury votes. I'm just saying, dont tell me -- I don't want you to come in here and try to  bully us, man. Seriously, you have turned into a bully. We were just talking about jury votes and how the jury thinks, and then you  say that's not what we're thinking about. Don't play like that, man. Brandon really pissed me off. I think mr. Hantz came down and gave Brandon a shot of Hantz. All of a sudden, Brandon comes bullying up to us, what are you guys talking  about?" first of all, it's rude to interrupt somebody's conversation. Number two, bullying people is not going to help you at this point. In fact, it's going to seal your fate. I mean, it's so reminiscent of Russell. I'm having flashbacks. That definitely hurt my feelings what you just said, bro. I was just telling you the truth, man. I don't think i've acted like Russell the last couple of days. You're stressed out and you blew up on me. I apologize for saying the Russell thing. It's all right. He really did a number on me. And so when I see you doing the same thing that he did, then that kind of  freaks me out. Please, give me a hug, man. I-- I feel like we've got to connect again because I’m still get ago still  getting the jitters out over that. Love you, brother. It's all right. I really mean that. The apple never falls far from the tree and meeting the father was double  confirmation of what I snead to do for my next move. Cheer up, brother. I can't it's any more coconut. Are you sure? Cheer up, man. God's got everything under control. Jeff: Come on in, guys! You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge. Yup. Yes, sir. Jeff: First things first, Coach. Take back the necklace. Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you will climb a massive wall, collecting bags of  puzzle pieces. With each bag, you'll make your way further up the wall. Once you have collected all five bags, you'll sort of pieces into pairs. Three of the pieces will not pair up. They will reveal a number code. You'll then race back to the top, use the number code to unlock the box. First person to get their box open and raise a flag wins immunity, is safe  from the vote. Losers, tribal council, somebody voted out, sent to Redemption Island, where Ozzy  is waiting for you. In addition, the winner of this challenge earns reward, pizza will be  delivered to you at camp with a soft drink and some garlic bread. I know it's worth playing for. We'll draw for spots. We'll get started. Here we go, for immunity and reward in the form of pizza. Survivors ready? Go! Brandon has his first bag. Rick right there with him. Coach and Sophie coming back with their first bags. Brandon in the lead now with his second bag. Rick has his second bag. Albert finally on the board, the last one to get his bag is Albert. Coach now has his second bag. Sophie has her second bag. Albert starting to catch up now. Brandon with his third bag. Rick sliding down with his third bag. Coach going to burn some skin off that butt coming down with his third bag. Albert takes a big fall, coming down with his third bag. Rick definitely lost some hide on that one. Sophie has her third bag. Brandon and Rick both racing for their fifth and final bag. Coach now with his fourth bag. Albetter working on that fourth bag. Rick going to be first down. Brandon right behind him. Start working on your puzzle. Empty all the pieces, then match up the pairs. Coach has his fifth and final bag. Coach, Brandon, Rick with a big lead. Sophie has her fourth bag. Albert struggling, can't get that fourth bag free. Sophie struggling to get back up for that fifth bag. Dig, Sophie! Dig! Albert with another big fall but he has the fourth bag. Albert has his fifth bag. Sophie has her fifth bag. Everybody now working on their puzzle pieces. You're looking for the three pieces that do not pair up. That will hold your number code and the key to winning this challenge. How quickly you can recognize matching lines is going to really help you out. Sophie and Albert still undoing their pieces. Brandon doing a great job. Coach in this. Rick falling out of it. It is Brandon and Coach neck and neck. We are dead even now. Brandon thinks he has the three numbers he needs. Brandon heading back to the top. Coach haas his three. Let's go, Coach. Jeff: Coach, you've got to move! Brandon has it. Brandon wins immunity and reward. Thank you, Jesus! Thank you, father! Jeff: Brandon, come on over. [ applause ] jeff: Congratulations. Thank you, sir. Brandon, safe from the vote tonight. Cannot be voted out of this game. In addition, Brandon, here's a pizza menu. It says two pizzas, because you're going to choose one person to come join  you this afternoon. You and whoever you choose will share pizza in front of the other three. You won't be able to share even if you want to. Yes, sir. Jeff: Who do you want to join you? My dad told me to play with my heart. This this isn't a strategic move or else i'd be doing something different. I want to choose cowboy to come with me. Yes! Jeff: Congratulations. See you tonight at tribal council where Coach, Albert, Sophie, or Rick, one  of the four of you will be sent to Redemption Island where Ozzy awaits. I believe in divine intervention. It was not Brandon's time to go home tonight. He saved his own skin by winning immunity. Another piece of that. I'm pissed. But I’m a piece of that. Wow, look at this pizza delivery guy. Whooo! How are you, man? Today, worst-case scenario happened. Woo were hoping to get Brandon out tonight so I think the way to go right now  is Albert. What are you thinking? Albert. Coach and I both agree Albert has just been getting on our nerves more and  more and more since the merge. He's been sneaky. He thinks he's more strategic than anybody else. Everything he does is the smartest, most strategic decision possible and I am  feeling more and more Albert should go home tonight. I just want to smell it. Do you mind if I just smell it I was just going to look at it, but I do want  to smell it. She's definitely game playing. When somebody says, "hmmm, I’m going to go smell the pizza and see what  it likes," and disappears, especially a player like Sophie, I know  something's up. They're going to try to pull a cue over there and they're coming after me. I just want to let you know, I’m voting Albert tonight. He says, now remember, me and you to the end. And I just looked at him and said, yeah, yeah. It's like you got to be kidding me, man. Albert is the sneakiest person out here. It's crazy at camp. Number one, because you got a lot of people who don't know how to tell the  truth, and I’m speaking specifically towards Albert. I don't know if I can believe him anymore. He thinks he's a lot smoother than he is. I got to talk to Albert. If Albert puts his foot in his mouth, he'll be going to redemption. You went up to Rick yesterday and said you, him going to the final three. I know they haven't turned my back on you one time in this game. You have never promised anyone but me and Coach the final three, final two,  any of that. I have no reason to lie to you, about anything. That's really hard to hear. I think Albert's a swell guy, but the bible says when you sin, your sins are  going to be shouted out from the rooftops and right now I want to get to the  bottom of it. What I want to tell you right now and I told him over there and I will lay  outt out-- he said he never, ever, spoke against me in this game. Yesterday you said we are still good for the three. That is not true. You're lying out your ass. That is not true. Don't you lie to me. That is not true. Bull [ bleep ]. I'm laying on the line. I know you would trying hanging my ass. You just told me you didn't say that. I did not. Why is his word higher than mine? Let me tell you right now the truth, man. You're a liar, buddy. When you-- when you tried throwing me under the bus with Dawn and Whitney and  Edna and all of them guys. They told us that. I threw you under the bus I did not throw you under the bus one time. You were trying to get me out. Rick, you're out of your mind. Dude, I know you have been a straight-up guy but those two things are not  true. So he's a liar. Let me tell you everything that's happened. It's so gratifying seeing everything with Albert being exposed so now instead  of a blindside he goes out looking more pathetic than he has the whole game. Where is the strategic value-- let me finish, damn it. No, because-- where is the strategic mind now? It's like he's in the toilet bowl, and Brandon and Coach and I and Rick, we  all have a little chance at flushing him down. He keeps kind of scrambling back up, but I think jeff will put the final  flush tonight. It's water under the bridge. All I’m saying-- it's not water under the bridge because tonight one of us is  going to go home. That's not necessarily true. Yeah, it is. I think Brandon took the lid off pandora's box today for me, and I just got  thrown with a storm of crap. I I got a heck of a lot of damage control to do if I want to have a prayer of  escaping tonight's vote. If I did just draw Brandon back over with me, man, I’m right back where I need  to be. When you told me that Rick called me a princess you think I enjoy Rick as a  person because of that you? Think I took that kindly? Why would I want to take somebody like that to the end with me? Do you-- do you get where I’m coming from with that, or no. Yeah, I do. I just don't want you to qloirs heart on me, man. I feel like my heart is closed to you right now, man. My heart is not closed to you, brother. I don't know my decision about voting Albert. He's like a wild card. But I love Albert. He's my friend. Who am I not to forgive? I'm an imperfect person. I forgive him. You think I have deals with people that were created and broken a long time  ago that are nothing compared to what we have, man. Everyone has lied in this game. Everyone. Even myself. So I’m really, really, really struggling to consider to keep him in this game. You're-- you're making me look like a bad dude, and I’m not a bad dude. I'm not voting you. I just made up my mind. The reason I don't want to vote Albert out is because I see him. I see inside of him. I see that he may not have had the intentions that I think he had. And I strongly, strongly believe that Albert deserves to be here. If I have to, i'll give you my immunity necklace. If I have to, i'll give Albert my immunity, and Coach will not vote for me. Albert will not vote for me. And i'll vote for Sophie. You know I’m your best friend here. And you know that by now, God speaks to me. And you know that I would never make a decision to hurt me or you, more than  anybody in this game. [ sighs ] and I pray that you accept this, and we will make it to the end of  this game. If we keep Albert here. If I have to, i'll give him my necklace. But I know you'll never vote against me. And I know you'd never do anything or vote any way that you knew that I was  going home. This example would be probably the pinnacle of why we're out here-- forgiving. If we can't forgive our brother, our heavenly father will not forgive us. I want things to be easy and simple, and earlier today, it was kind of black  and white because we had one man, Albert, that had just completely lied to  the camp. So it's justification that he goes. But then Brandon brings in forgiveness, and then the immunity necklace. And it makes it so hard to determine right from wrong. It makes it so hard to figure out who should go, who deserves to stay, which  alliance I should be in, which people I can trust. Who are you guys writing down? Sophie. I just honestly believe this is what God wants us to do. Remember now, this is what God wants you to do. I'll tell you what-- what I need to do right now is I need to pray and I promise  you this-- I will do whenever God tells me to do. I understand you got to do what God wants you to do but I know he doesn't  want you to write my name down, man. Okay, I’m going to pray. I bowed down, and humbly sought God to give me an answer of what I should do  tonight if Brandon gives his necklace to Albert. I begged God to speak to me like he's never spoken to me before. I asked God to give me the hole spirit of divine interpretation and wisdom. I prayed, and there was a name in my head over and over and over again, and I  cleaned the slate, and I asked for it again. And it came over and over and over and over again. My soul has never grooefed like it does in this moment. It does in this moment. Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Jim. Keith. Dawn. Whitney. Cochran. And Edna. So the long-awaited tribal council where there are only five left, and look  at you, Brandon, sitting with immunity. Very powerful spot right now for you. I want to give my immunity necklace up. Jeff: Okay. Jeff: Okay. What is going on? Jeff: So, Brandon, I was going to ask how it feels to know you are safe, but,  clearly, you are no longer safe. Well, I made a statement here every tribal council that I would stay true to  the commitments that I make and that I would give my own place in this game  up for them. I started something, and I’m going to finish it. Jeff: So, Brandon, I’m guessing the person you made that agreement with was Albert. Yes, sir. Jeff: And am I to understand that you went to Albert and said let's form an  alliance, and as a sign of my word, if you are ever in trouble, I will lay  down on the sword for you? Yes, sir. Jeff: Coach, you're shake your head no. I just want to set the roared straight. A couple of hours ago, Brandon was going to vote for Albert, but then he  prayed about it, and he felt like he should give the necklace to Albert. Jeff: Brandon, you seem like you have the weight of the entire planet on your  shoulders. I just-- i've had a lot of time to pray with Albert. And I knew that if I didn't give him the immunity tonight that he was going  to redemption. It's really hard to explain because my loyalty's a little bit different. Back home, when I was in, you know, the whole-- I guess you would say gang  scene, whatever. A lot of my friends would be, "bro, I got your back. I got your back." and I was really willing to give my life for these  guys. Jeff: So this is when you were a younger kid. Yeah. Jeff: And you were hanging out with the wrong kids. Yeah, and I was always the kid to be extremely loyal to people and people  freaked out about, like, he would step in front of a bullet for me, step in  front of a knife for me. Jeff: Is that where the word "loco" on your next comes from, that Brandon  is crazy enough to do it? Yeah. It's not in a negative way. My friends knew that they could trust me. But the funny part it is, sometimes we'd get into a huge brawl with another  rival-- whatever you want to call it-- and i'd be the only one standing there. Jeff: None of your friends would show up. None of them would show up. Jeff: So it wasn't really a gang. It was people taking my loyalty for, you know, what they wanted to use it for  and then leaving me. Jeff: Is there any chance that's happening tonight? I'd like to think it wasn't. Jeff: But, Brandon, this is your competitor in a million-dollar game. And the funny part about it is, I consider these two guys my best friends. We have a very solid connection with each other because of christ inside of  them. I was drawn to them, man. It wasn't by coincidence. Jeff: Albert, what's your take on this? It blows my mind because when I got to this game, something told me that  there's a bigger reason why I was here. And what makes Brandon's decision not look crazy is because we feel like our  bond is real. That's the reason why I strayed away from some of the earlier bonds I had  with a Rick or with a Sophie because it was at a different level spiritually  when I bonded with Brandon and when I bonded with Coach. Jeff: So is there a part of you as a christian man who now wants to take the  necklace off and do the same thing that Brandon just did for you? Firealistically believed that he's in trouble, yes. Jeff: Sophie, do you believe that? Uh, I don't know what to believe from Albert anymore. He's been sneaky, so I’m not sitting here relying on blind faith from Albert  they made on day one. I have connections with a lot of people out here as well. Jeff: Rick, everything was going fine. Pizza's going down, a little soft drink. It was a great life. And then the bomb hit, like a pack of wolves turning on each other. I'm worried to death because I’m in trouble. Eats either going to be one of us, and one of us has a hidden immunity, and  we know who it is, so we've only got three to pick from. It's out! Jeff: Yeah, I believe that. Jeff: Wait, did everybody-- we all know. Jeff: Everybody knew. Who has the idol? Coach. We knew. Jeff: So in a sense you're saying gauze beaus if he smells anything he may  just play it tonight out of security. And I really blew that for him. That's okay. It's better safe than sorry at this point, you know what I mean. Jeff: And you know Albert is safe. So it's you, Brandon or Sophie. So I was curious to see if he would give Brandon back the necklace if he was  in trouble. Jeff: Brandon, I’m sensing that you were are not as secure as you thought. I honestly believe tonight might be my night. Jeff: Is there any part of you that would expect Albert to give that back now? It's up to him. Jeff: How does that feel, Albert? That's a lot of pressure. It's a ton of pressure, but I hope Brandon feels comfortable with me, him,  and Coach, knowing that he can make a move like this and go untouched. Honestly, I don't think he's going home tonight. So I’m not going to give him the necklace back. Jeff: So somehow, Coach you got involved in this. I did. I don't mind the responsibility because I got down on my knees until sand and  I prayed and God gave me an answer on what I should do tonight and everything  that is meant to be is supposed to be so I am at comet peace. Jeff: Brandon, are you at peace? No, sir. Jeff: What's stirring inside you? Coach is going to do what God wants him to do, and if God wanted him to vote  me out, I believe he would. Jeff: With that, Albert has the immunity necklace, you cannot vote for Albert. Everything else here fair game. It is time to vote. Rick, you're up. Dumb move. Dumb move. Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has the hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now would be  the time to do so. Okay, once the votes are read, the decision is final, the person voted out  will be asked to leave the tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Brandon. Sophie. One vote Brandon, one vote Sophie. Brandon. Two votes Brandon, one vote Sophie. Sophie. We're tied. Two votes Brandon, two votes soy, one vote left. 15th person voted out of "Survivor: South Pacific." Brandon. Brandon. Jeff: Brandon, the tribe has spoken. You will have a chance to get back in this game. Grab your torch, head to Redemption Island. Jeff: All right, here's where things stand. The four of you will witness the final duel between Ozzy and Brandon. The winner of the duel will re-enter the game and the five of you will duke  it out until the end. This is it. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, captioned by media  access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our  next episode. Next time, on Survivor - Ozzy's end game is clear. Plan a., win. Plan b., win. Jeff: For everyone else, things are murky. When people [ bleep ] me, you're [ bleep ] cut off. There's no more redemption. It's out the door I go. Jeff: Join us sunday, december 18, for an unforgettable two-hour season  finale. What's up, bro. Oh, geez. I think there's definitely going to be a lot of critics about the move they  made. The funny part about it is, I don't care. You're not out here for 35 days, you haven't built a relationship out here,  and if you haven't played before you don't understand. And you gave the immunity to who, Albert? Yeah, man. This game is not made for me,