<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor":  16 Americans were marooned on a remote South Pacific island, each with a  story to tell. I am, by far, the most "Survivor" savvy player ever to play the  game. I've won over 20 poker tournaments and own two medical marijuana dispensaries. I'm a retired new york city police detective and I’m openly gay. I'm a little bit nervous to see who it is. Jeff: They were joined by two former Survivors, Coach, howent to upolo, and Ozzy  who behind to Savaii. Not everyone was thrilled with the new arrivals. Christine even challenged them. They're temporary players. Jeff: Ozzy wins for Savaii! After Ozzy defeated Coach in a head to head battle, Edna became Coach's only  friend. Back at camp, Coach went to work. He forged a bond with Brandon, and suddenly, he had two friends. Still in trouble, he worked his way into a conversation-- I met a dragon  slayer! Jeff: ...and walk away with an alliance of five, consisting of all four men  on his tribe and one woman, Sophie. I think I’m city pretty right now. Jeff: His wild card was Brandon, who was struggling with a dangerous secret. I am Russell Hantz's nephew. I will never tell them my last name. Jeff: At Ozzy's tribe there was no secrets. I try to be a provider. That's my real purpose in life. Jeff: Mikayla is a scoring machine! Semhar way short. In one of the closest immunity challenges on record-- Mikayla, that might do  it! Coach's tribe squeaked out a win? Upolo wins immunity! Sorry, guys. Jeff: At tribal council, it came down to the two weakest, Semhar and Cochran,  but Cochran saved himself by promise to improve. I'm going to be your jeanie in a bottle. You don't have to rub, actually. I'll just come out and do it. Jeff: Semhar, the tribe has spoken. Now Semhar is banished to Redemption Island, and the pressure soCochran to  make good on his promise before it is too late. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, and ford. Drive one. Definitely like a big part of this game is like keeping your mind in check  and it's really hard to do that when you feel abandoned by your team. I gave them my every left strength, and they sent me to Redemption Island. Figures. "life on Redemption Island. You will have some basic supplies to help you maintain your world here on Redemption  Island. If you win duel, you'll remain on Redemption Island and will still be alive  in the game. If you lose your duel, you will be out of the game and must leave Redemption  Island." maybe I’m just being over-emotional but I just have abandonment  issues. I don't understand how people can be so cold hearted. But one of the ways that i've turned my pain into possivity is through poetry. Sometimes I wonder if I really miss you or if I just miss feeling loved,  cared about, and important you walked away untouched and unbruised, still  feeling complete off the love I gave you while I was left to cry i'll never  understand how men like you can cause so much damage or even worse, how women  such as myself can even stand it. I don't miss you. I misfeeling loved. Yup. I don't want to go to another one. I justed to say this means so much just they get to still be around. Thank you guys so much. I mean, sincerely tribal council was kind of a disaster for me. I went into this sort of fight-or-flight mode. I guess I chose fight which didn't necessarily have the outcome I wanted even  though I did stay in the game. My tendency to get into an anxious debate mode wasn't helpful and I’m going  to have to turn on the cool, mellow Cochran, instead of the kind of antsy,  paranoid, nerd kid I think i've within the last few days. I meant everything I said. I'm happy to change. However you think I can get help the tribe. I just want to thank you all. We're glad to still have you here. Tonight we decided we're going to let Cochran try to redeem himself. I really identify with his passion to play this game. But at the same time, he needs to understand that if you don't put in the  effort around camp and you don't put in the effort in the challenges, then  you might be the next one to go. I'm actually excited for the next challenge. Me, too. The challenges are going to become a little more different. Once they're a combination of physical, mental-- this is where Cochran can  shine. And even Jimmy,un? I think he is actually pretty good with the puzzles and he's pretty smart. We gotta keep Jimmy around. I think he's an awesome worker which is really good. Yeah, we should try, us three, meade up tomorrow. We need to do that. For sure. Yeah, I really do like Ozzy a lot. I think an alliance with Ozzy could be the best bet to stay strong  physically, but Ozzy's played the game before, and he's going to have to win  it just as much as we are. So I have to watch him like a hawk. You know what? It felt like you had my back the first day when everybody was like true Coach  and I was just sitting there and you helped me out. Are you serious in you're just going to leave him out there? Initially things didn't look good for the dragon slayer. Right on the bat I’m already on the outs with my tribe. How much, I feel like I have been given a second chance. Now I have a solid alliance with Rick, Sophie, Brandon, and Albert. But when it comes to friend, you can never have too many, and Edna, she's the  only one hohelped me on the first day, so maybe I’m just a big fool but she  seems like a genuinely nice person. I would really like to know who has the immunity idol. I do you really think Christine found it without any clues? She was digging for hours out there. What about today. Nobody was digging. They haven't been digging because i, they might have found it. They're very tight, too, if you haven't noticed. Who? Stacy and Christine. I think my place in the tribe is probably the bottom. I'm not one of the physically strongest girls in the tribe so I need to align  myself with a stronger male player and, Coach, I think he's a strong player. He has a history of playing well, so I wanted to solidify my relationship  with him. I'm one of the smaller females. Listen, you wanna keep the tribe strong but to me, loyalty, I think, is the  most important thing. Thank you. Loyalty sometimes outweighs strength in this game. So it's my job to protect her. So are you soiled with me? Absolutely. I feel like I can trust you. Well, I’m stupid in this game. I'm the biggest fool in this game because I’m always hopeful that I will find  somebody out here that will play honorably. So we're together for sure? For sure. For sure. This is all part of the new errav Cochran. It's the Cochran that cuts coconuts without being asked to do so. My mom's going to have mixed feelings about the new Cochran. She'll be thrilled I’m taking initiative and doing work but the first thing  she said when she found out I was doing Survivor, she said I don't want you  to handle a machete without supervision. New Cochran opens a coconut by himself and with a machete. I need to make them think of me less as the liability and drain on the tribe  and more as a potential Survivor. It's great. Part of it is because it's the fruit of my labors so it's like a child. So I’m drinking your child? I appreciate it. It's becoming part of you. I'm certainly never going to become the big provider. I know I’m never going to be Ozzy. I'm never going to be Keith. I'm never going to be Jim but I can at least be the new Cochran. Being part of a well-oiled machine is more enjoyable that I thought it would  be. I'm just going to go down there and do a float-down and maybe get lucky and  get something. I'm pretty sure the idol is already on this beach. We don't have a clue yet at this point so I’m just trying to keep my eyes  peeled for any sort of weird sign that there might be idol placement. I'm thinking somewhere up in a tree or maybe hidden in a stump somewhere. Can't be too sure. Let's go look back the other way. Let me look down in there real quick and gand see what that's all about. What's a rock doing in the middle of a tree? Me thinks me found something. Three times around, you start learning what to look for. Rocks in trees are a good sign that you've found something good! Oh, this is a great day. Find another hiding spot. I've had one of these little guys in my possession before and I was stupid  enough to the to play it. I really squandered the opportunity to get really far this that game. I am sure as hell not ever going to let that happen this time but I can't let  anybody know that I have the idol. If anybody senses that I have the idol, there's a very strong possibility  that they're going to try and flush it out. So if I can make it to the merge and I could use it in an opportune moment,  this might be my ticket to the win. How you feeling this morning? Awesome, how about you? Awesome. I tried to cuddle up with you last night, man? Remember when I asked you if you were cold? No. I asked you. Did you put something over me? Yeah. I appreciate that, dude. I really like Coach. I think he's a really good guy and he's played the game twice with honor and  integrity, and I want to play the same way. But in the back of my mind the whole time, I’m thinking to myself, man, how,  you know, how unGodly or how much of a hypocrite do I look like having made  an alliance with Coach and he doesn't even know that I’m Russell Hantz'  nephew and it just didn't feel right. I've kind of not done that, man. Lying to Coach is tearing away at everything I believe in. And i'd rather people know me for me. You want to see something cool? What's that? It says, "lil Hantz." that's why I wear the shirt all the time. Wait, but that's not your last name, is it? Yeah, I’m Russell Hantz's nephew. Keep that on the d.l. so I take a walk with Brandon and he tells me that his uncle is my number one  nemesis Russell Hantz. My jaw literally drops. That's crazy, man. I mean, it was like,un, this can't be. And then I had a sinking feeling in my stomach because Russell Hantz told me  as a man of God, as acarine gape, we're going to play this game together and  he vote my ass off the next time he could so it scared me. I just want to tell you, man, I don't want to be played a fool twice. I took a huge leap. The only reason I told you is because I made an alliance with you. If it bites me in the butt I still feel good about it because I let you know. Coach played the game with my uncle and he gave him his word and it didn't  work out but I don't plan on stack Coach in the back. Meas in my alliance and I’m a man of my word. You're going to keep that between me and you? Absolutely. I'm not going to say that to anybody. I've been watching Brandon from the first day because I felt like we had a  connection right off the bat. And, clearly, he has nothing to gain by telling me that information. So I think that he's true to his word. So let's pray. Okay, father, we thank you for this day. We thank you that you have brought us together. In Jesus' name, give us strength, amen. Amen. Love you, bro. So it's going to go one of two ways. It's either going to be Coach way, duped once again in "Survivor"  or it's going to be redemption for the Hantz family. I hope it's the latter. I'm hungry. Me, too, we're gonna go catch a fish. Like these little guys are just, like, floating around taunting. You need touchable channel my inner native american self. Yes, we're expecting it from you. It's day four, we're hungry, and so me, Ozzy, and Keith we went out on a  fishing trip. Bye, ladies! Bye. We'll be doing laundry! It's a lot of fun to have the guys out there doing their thing and don't  think it happened by chance. I'm a world poker tour champion so I’m already thinking a few moves ahead. Up to the amass as many chips as you can for the coming weeks and the rest of  the game so the fishing trip gave me a chance to put in place the  three-plus-2 plan-- the three guys, me, Keith, and Ozzy as the core, until  the end. And then the plus-two are the two girls we like, which are, lease and Whitney. Sounds like you have a pretty good relationship with Whitney. Yeah, we get along pretty well. She's a cool chick. She's easy to get along with. So you guy with the through of us and elias and Whitney? Yeah, I’m down with that. And if one of them has to go-- I agree. Sorry. Jim has made this little alliance of the five that he wants to go to the  merge. And he really doesn't suspect that me and Ozzy were already talking to each  other which is great because it lets him think he's in control it's a no  brainer. Because I don't see any of the five of us flipping. Definitely, all of us till the end. I like the plan we have in place. I'm the orchestrator of this plan. I put this plan together. I'm architect. I feel at this moment that we have the next three people that are going to be  going home kind of already set. Obviously, Cochran, Dawn, and Papa Bear. Each for their own ideosink rasees or weaknesses. Nay just don't fit in. I mean, i've always been the kid that doesn't always fit in and so I know how  that feels and I’m probably the least of the cool kids. I'm at the kyle kids' table but I’m barely at the cool kids' table. I feel like i've done as good of a job right now as I can do. I think I might just go get me some coconut whiz get home. Who wants a coconut. It's hard to get out, is what I mean. That's good coconut. Guys, we're going to go fish. Yeah, I’m gonna fish. At home, I bartend and I also play on a professional women's football league. It's full tackle. We hit as hard as the guys so they think I’m a pretty tough chick. I'll take the country boy weapon. I am kind of a tomboy so if you see me at camp I’m right in there with the  guys doing all the dirty work. Row? We're gonna swim. Swim out there? The hardest part of the game is the social aspect. You have to have thick king. You can't be a little princess. Yeah, are you getting naked. I thought you were just getting in your underwear, bro. I don't see myself as a girlie-girl. Guys see me as just a strong, solid person and I think that's going to help  me in this game. There's a particular person I really don't like in this game, and her name is  Mikayla. I don't feel comfortable around her. You could tell the way she acts, "I’m going to be a model," and  blah, blah, blah. I call her parvati, because she's using her seductive ways and her young girl  attitude to kind of get people in and get attention. It's the ones that are good looking and seductive that you want to get rid of. Being a married man, I have to stay away interest that kind of stuff. I've made some pretty bad decision in the past, but I swear to you, I will  get her voted out of this game. Ain't no chick in this world getting in the way of me, my family, and a  million dollars. Ever. At the last challenge, jeff told us that there's a hidden immunity idol clue  in camp. Nobody is looking for it, so I decided to see if I can find this clue. Whether there's a target on my back, I don't know. But I would feel more comfortable if I had it in my pocket. What's going on? I'm worried about the idol. Same here. Yeah. I think Christine has it. You do? Yeah. If she do have it, she didn't tell me she had it. One particular tree looked very interesting, and it had a lot of ins and outs  and crevices and little hiding areas. Oh, my God! Out of the corner of my eye something looked just out of place. A stick wouldn't grow in this one particular area. I said, that's so weird. And I went back to look at it, and I found the clue. "it's definitely near the jungle. Somewhere by the beach. The important thing to realize it is just barely out of reach." I’m  freaking out. I have to-- I have to focus. I have to refocus. Because now I have this clue, and I don't know what to do. Do I tell them? Do I not tell them? I don't know what to do. Jeff: Come on in, guys! Upolu getting your first look at the new Savaii tribe. Semhar veted out at the first tribal council. Upolu, you walked in and everybody had something in their mouth. You're putting it back in right now, even as I’m asking you. Jeff, we found some pan dera this morning, and it's most delicious fruit. Jeff: What's the message you're clearly trying to send to survive. The team that eats pandera together sticks together and wins together. Jeff: All right, let's get to it. First things first. I will take back the immunity idol. Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, four members of each tribe will race to unwind long  ribbons from the very tall pole releasing a key ring. You will then use those keys to relet's other four tribe members who must  then work together moving very heavy crates back and forth across a platform  until you can release the largest one. First tribe to get their large crate on the finish platform wins immunity, is  safe from tribal council. In addition, you are playing for reward. I know sleeping on bamboo is not the nicest way to spend a night. Hopefully the reward will make it a little better. Comfort! Oh, yeah! &gt;&gt; [ applause ]. Whooo! Jeff: You've got pillows, blankets, a hammock and a map. Worth playing for. Yes! Jeff: In addition the winning tribe will receive a clue to the location of  the hidden immunity idol. Upolu you have one extra member. Sitting one person out. 22 whois it going to be? Edna, do you mind? Whatever you decide as a team. We're sitting Edna out. Jeff: Take a spot on the bench. We'll give everybody else a minute to strategize and we'll get started. All right, on the pole for Savaii, Cochran, Dawn, Whitney, and Elyse. On the pole for Upolu, Stacey, Sophie, Christine, and Mikayla. Here we go! Girls, we got this. Jeff: For immunity and reward. Survivors ready? Go! You've got to untie the four knots and then start working together. Upolu off to a fast start. These ribbons are braided on this pole. You've got to figure out how to unbraid them. Keep going, run, run, run. Jeff: Savaii having trouble. Work girls, you're doing great. Jeff: Upolu working well together. Over Cochran. Cochran getting caught up in a ribbon. Pull on out, Cochran, pull it out. Jeff: Upolu with a bit of a lead in this first stage, trying to rerelease a  key. Under! Go! Jeff: Upolu has the key. Stacey has it. Stacey's got to unlock the four other tribemembers. Savaii still trying to get their key released. Focus, guys. You guys got it. It's all right. That's it! Jeff: Stacey has her tribe unleashed. Start work the puzzle. Come oguys! Let's go, fellas. Keep going. You got it. Shake it, shake it! There you go. Andy: Jeff: Dawn has the key for Savaii! Let's go. Full out! Jeff: Dawn needs to pick up pace! This is not a picnic! Elyse now working trying to release her tribemates for Savaii. Let's go, boys. Nice, guys! Jeff: Upolu with a big lead. Savaii still struggling. Come on, guys, you've got it. Elyse has her tribe unleashed. Start work the puzzle. You got it, guys. Jeff: Savaii has some catching up to do. Upolu out to a quick lead on this puzzle. These pieces slide. You cannot lift them. Or carry them. Other side, other side. Jeff: Upolu really taking their time. Savaii is flying through this puzzle. Come on! Jeff: Savaii does not want to go back to tribal council. Come on, let's go! Push! Jeff: Upolu need to pick up the pace. Quickly, quickly, quickly. Jeff: Upolu just lost a huge lead. Savaii is catching up. You've got to maneuver your largest piece out the back on on to your platform. To the right! Turn the big one over! Jeff: Savaii now in the lead. Come on, guys! Jeff: Upolu's got to hustle now. They are running out of time. Savaii has their final piece in place. Go! Come on! Jeff: Savaii with a huge come from behind! Move over. Jeff: Upolu has their last piece in place. But it is too late. Savaii wins immunity and reward! A huge comeback victory. Savaii, congratulations. Thank you [ applause ] whooo! Ya! Jeff: In addition to immunity, you have pillows, blankets, a mat, and a  hammock, and when you get back to camp, there will be a clue hidden somewhere  on your beach. Find the clue. It may help you find the idol. Come grab your stuff. Head out. Yes! Jeff: All right, Upolu, tribal council tonight where somebody will be voted  out of your tribe and sent to Redemption Island. You have the afternoon to figure out who that's going to be. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp, see you at tribal. We were really over-confident in this challenge. You get too cocky and you get knocked off your pedestal so now we have to  vote somebody out and I will make sure Mikayla goes home tonight. I just want to say the women really kicked ass today. Really did a great job. You guys, did, too. That was not easy. We lost the challenge today and the reward. It started out well, but the guys were kind of just, you know, walking and I think  they could have had quicker feet. So now we have to vote somebody out. I just hope it's not me going home tonight. Here's what I say, guys-- I think we ought to go three, three, and three. Three, three, and three. They're going to vote three. We split our votes, three for Stacey, three for christie. We need to flush the idol it if the idol is out there. We need to put three votes to Christine because I haven't forgotten what Christine  said on day one, "Coach is a temporary player." that pissed me off  and I haven't forgiven her for running around looking for the immunity idol. Christine and Stacey are thick as thieves. Edna is totally loyal. These on a need-to-know basis. I'll tell her at the last second, "vote for Stacey." I feeleate. How about you? All right. Just all right? No, I’m all right. Better not be just all right. I've got my doubts. About who? Mikayla. Because I’m faithful to my wife it makes me feel uncomfortable being around  her a lot of times. Interesting. I respect that, man. I respect that. I have a bad feeling. All I keep thinking about is parvati, parvati, parvati. She screwed many a man. That's for sure. And being strong like that, like she is, just, you know, I’m going with the  team, what's best for us, but I think that's our best bet. Mikhail's our strongest female player but Brandon has a wife and family and I  think she makes him uncomfortable. Young, good-looking girl. I understand. But to vote her off immediately, come on. I just think that he has demons that we don't know about that he's facing on  a daily basis. We've got to get her out of this game. She's not to be trusted. She needs to go first. For some reason or other, Brandon wants to vote out Mikayla. I don't know what his deal is. Maybe Brandon is threatened by Mikayla because she's a strong woman and if  that's the case, it worries me because I think I’m quite strong as well. We're going to go-- Mikayla. Mikayla out. Out. Truthfully, I think Mikayla right now would vote Christine if we told her to. I just feel it. I do think we need her in the challenge. That's the only thing I’m thinking about. What could they possibly be talking about what's messed up is Edna is over  there with no problem. Christine is not good in challenges and Mikayla is. Here she comes. Mikayla, can you give us a little bit of privacy? Oh, here's Stacey. I'm just going to walk this way. I'm getting my bag. I think everyone's paranoid right now. What's Coach's deal? Coach is flipping out right now. I don't think he trusts any one of the girls right now. I don't think he trusts you, you, her. It's like a mad scramble right now, and all of a sudden they think I’m not  trustable. I'm like, are you kidding me? I didn't even do anything. But I’m like you've got to be kidding me. Do you-- what were they talking about? I don't know. I'm just packing just in case. What were they saying? I think they were talk maybe about Sophie to begin with. No, Sophie was over there, too. Oh. Your messing up your story really big time. So get it straight-- I don't know what the story is. We're just about ready to leave for tribal, and I have no idea what's going  on. I mean, you're supposed to vote off the weak, so I was leaning more towards Edna,  but now, it might be me for all I know. &gt;&gt; who are you going for? Mikayla. Do you think she's a bigger threat than anybody right now? She's very good. Let me know which I will vote-- you have to keep your eyes open. Yup. I just say vote for the person who you think is the biggest threat in this  game. Brandon told me to vote for Mikayla, and, honestly, it confused me. Why Mikayla? It makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. If we don't agree with them, it will be one of our heads on the chopping  block. I feel like one of our heads is on the chopping block right now. I'm worried about myself right now. I have a hidden immunity idol clue and I think my heart says you better start  looking. We gotta lock it down now because there's still confusion. Right now, you want to do-- Mikayla. Period. Period. Mikayla more than Christine? Let's start out with a bang. I would love to do Christine instead. Stasey and Christine just told me they're voting Mikayla. I hate to do this to people but I just walked up to Coach, and I lied to him. If Christine and Stacey vote for Mikayla it's because I told them to. Look, I don't like Mikayla. I don't trust her. She's got every guy around here wrapped around her finger but me, and it's  just not going to happen. Mikayla will be going home tonight. That's so stupid. These people are amateurs. Crazy. I hear that Christine and stase regoing to voight for Mikayla and that bugs  the heck out of me because she's done nothing wrong but Brandon wants to  control the situation and if he wants an outcome, he's willing to risk x, y,  and z to get that outcome. It doesn't need to be like this, by the way. Yeah. This game is simple-- you find people that are loyal to you and that's it. That's just simple. You're loyal or you're disloyal. I hope and pray the six people, I have aligned myself with have the character  I have judged them for. If not there's going to be an ass-whipping at tribal council tonight. Jeff: Behind each of you is a torch. Go ahead and grab a torch and approach the flame. Dip it in and get fire. This is part of the ritual of tribal council because in this game, fire  represents your life. When your fire's gone, so are you, with a slight exception of Redemption  Island. All right, let's start back at the beginning. First impressions. Brandon. Do you think you made a good first impression on this group? Yes. I do. You know, I’m a hard worker. I'm polite with everybody, trying to make friends. I'm pretty sure I made a good impression on everybody. Jeff: Coach, you played this game a couple of times. What do you think the first impression of you was? After losing the first challenge I thought my impression was pretty bad so  there was a line being drawn early on that I felt. And so before we started walking to tribal tonight, I had heard that Christine  and Stacey wanted to vote out Mikayla. And don't look at me like I’m crazy because Coach in tribal just lays  everything out on the table. Okay. Did I talk to you? I didn't talk to you about that. You guys did not talk to me about that. Okay. Because you guys have not talked strategy to me since day one. Exactly but what you said was not true. I never mentioned Mikayla's name. Go ahead. Without being interrupted. As I said, the gloves are off and let's get down to business. Jeff: So glad you're back, Coach. It's great to be back. "Survivor "is a simple game. You find people that are loyal and you try to stick with those people. I'll tell you the truth right now, I don't want to I don't want Mikayla going  home tonight putting a bigger target on my back. Jeff: Mikayla, does it make you a little nervous that there might be two  people talking about getting rid of you? Of course it makes you nervous. You don't want your name to come up. Like Coach said, we don't want to be down when the merge comes. I'm like I don't get it. Jeff: Stacey Coach just threw it out there saying you and Christine are  looking to vote out Mikayla. I never talked to him. His honesty and loyalty just failed. I didn't say they talked to me. Where did you get it from then? I never even mentioned the name Mikayla so from whom it it it did you hear  that from, mr. Honesty. From whom? As I remember down, guy simmer down what? He's throwing out accusations that he can't follow through on. For the record, not to be fact check guy, but I’m going to tell you right now  I didn't tell Coach you were voting for anybody because you never told me. But if you're going to question the idea of loyalty think about how you're  going about that because him not saying who told him that is him  demonstrating loyalty. And I think a source of parnotice ajeff, was the whole idea of the idol and  if somebody did find the idol, how would we handle it? I think that was the raindrop that started the monsoon, so to speak. Jeff: Coach was there a lot of talk right off the bat of do we look for this  as a group or did you see people scattering about? I know Christine looked for it the first day and I saw today Christine  looking like she was going to dig in a couple places. Jeff: Christine he just threw you under the bus for the second time. He's good at that. Jeff: Does it make you uncomfortable? First he says you want to vote out Mikayla? Second he said you were looking for the immunity idol. He's threatened by me. It's apparent. Jeff: Do you think any of this stuff with Coach might go back to day one when  right out of the gate you said, "mr. Dragon slayer, you're gone." I think so. I think-- you know, I think he feels hurt that he's temporary. I love this girl. Long island attitude. I love it. Jeff: There's one question that hasn't been asked tonight, and it's not a  question I haven't asked. It's a question you haven't asked, Mikayla, and I’m so surprised. You've not asked Christine or Stacey if they said it. If you go home tonight, it will be the quietest exit i've seen in a while. Is it on your mind? Never. Never did I say I am writing your name down, ever. So you can look at me in my eyes and know the truth of that. Jeff: So-- yeah, Brandon [ size ] I gotta come clean, man. The truth is the truth. I kind of told you guys to vote for Mikayla. He the one who said vote for mikhail. We was not voting for Mikayla. No votes were going for Mikayla. You see how the lie came out. I knew who I was voting for. It wasn't mikhail ever. Boom. Jeff: Mikhail awelcome to "Survivor." you're telling me. Jeff: Christine, there are so many fractions within this big, happy family. How do you you make sense of everything that's happened tonight? I think they are a happy family. I thought I was part of that. But -- you don't know that you aren't. Albert, you never really know who's tell the truth, what's a put-on, what  isn't. Does it worry you that this tribe is in such disarray. I think we're all getting a little more information than we bargained for  this evening but it's great when things come to surface and people kind of  reveal themselves because a person's personality will creep in and a person's  character will creep in a little bit despite how hard they try to mask that. Jeff: All right, I have no idea what is about to happen. It is time to vote. Sophie, you're up. Sophie, you're up. Jeff: I'll go tally the if anybody has the hiddenimmunity idol and you want  to play it, now would be the time to do so. Once the votes are read, the decision is final. The person vote out will be asked to leave the tribal council area  immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Sophie. Edna. Christine. Stacey. That's one vote each for Stacey, Edna, Christine, and Sophie. Christine. That's two votes Christine. Stacey. Two votes Stacey. Christine. That's three votes Christine, two votes Stacey. Stacey. We're tied, three votes Christine, three votes Stacey, one vote left. Second person voted out of "Survivor: South Pacific" Christine. You need to bring me your torch. Christine, the tribe has spoken. You will have a chance to get back in this game. Grab your torch torch. Head to Redemption Island. Good luck. Well, we're only five days into this game, and already the biggest obstacle  for this tribe is trust. That's something you guys are going to have to work out or you're going to be  coming back here a lot. Grab your torches, head back to camp. Good night. Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode. At Savaii, the pressure is on Ozzy. Ozzy lost his board. I'm not going to tell anyone I have the idol. He's up to something. I lied blatantly. I think brendan is a devious jerk. He lets things get to him. This is a constant battle between good, evil, good, evil. I have to tell you, I don't know what happened at tribal, but I think Coach  had a heavy hand in the voting process. I don't know what Coach had in mind. I don't know what his problem was. But he's a tool. Hello! Excuse me. Wake up. I'm with you now. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs. Captioned by media access group at wgbh