<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor":  We are now neck and neck. In the battle between two tribes, each with a legend former player-- Upolu  wins immunity! Upolu, led by Coach, narrowly won the first immunity challenge. So Ozzy's tribe, blindsided their weakest player. Semhar, the tribe has spoken. And sent her to Redemption Island. Meanwhile, azy strengthened his position in the tribe by finding a hidden  immunity idol. This might be my ticket to the win. Jeff: And joining an alliance of five. Me, Keith, azy, allyce and Whitney. Jeff: Coach built his own alliance of five and Brandon felt so close to Coach,  that he revealed his secret. His uncle is nigh my number one nemesis, Russell Hantz. After Upolu lost the second immunity challenge, Coach wanted to get Christine  out. I haven't forgotten what Christine said on day one-- Coach is a temporary player. Jeff: But Brandon innately didn't trust Mikayla. So he took a page from his uncle's playbook and spread false rumors to get  her out. Just walked up to Coach and I lied to him. Stacey and Christine told me they're voting out miicallia. Jeff: But at tribal of tribal council Brandon confessed to his sins. I told everyone to vote for Mikayla. Jeff: In the end, Coach got what he wanted. Christine, the tribe has spoken. And Christine was sent to Redemption Island. We're only five days into this game and already the biggest obstacle for this  tribe is trust. 16 are left, who will be voted out tonight? Hello? What's your name? Christine. Hi. Hi. Semhar. Semhar? Yeah. I have to tell you, I don't know what happened at tribal? I think my tribe was not ready for someone who wanted to play the game right  out of the box. Oh, really? Yeah. What is he like? He's a big, fat, pain in the ass. Really? He thinks he's king farouk. I think Coach just had it out for me from the beginning and he was going to  do whatever it took to get me out, and he succeeded. At least Redemption Island gives me another chance to get back into it. It's not over yet. Fat lady has not sung. Congratulations. We're all here to see another day. Tribal council was nuts tonight. I didn't expect to see, e, you know, Brandon to be the one saying let's vote  for Mikayla. You know, I was just like, wow. I was thinking what did I do? What did I do? I couldn't pinpoint a thing. Brandon may seem like he's just this little countryboy boybut he's stirring  stuff up and I’m really not happy about it. Coach came out and took the heat off me and I hope it stays off me. I had no idea. I didn't know what was going on. I didn't mean to interrupt you guys. No, you're not interrupting. You're not interrupting at all, man. Tribal council suction so bad. I was almost 150% sure Mikayla was going home. The plan backfired. It was a blatant lie, and I regret ever doing that. I came into this game not wanting to be like my uncle Russell and his  reputation that he has of being a villain on "Survivor." I wanted  to be a hero. I wanted to be someone that you could look up to. I'm guilty, completely guilty of the way they acted, and I reap what I sow  man. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, tree mail! Tree mail. Two prayers so far have been voted out. Today they will play for their lives. Choose two from your tribe to witness the match to see whom leaves and who  survives? We just got a tree mail inviting us to Redemption Island. I would humbly request the tribey allow me to go to this redemption. I would like to go. I want to go, too. Done. Good deal. I'll go to the duel today with Stacey. The best part of this day would be if Christine lost because I don't want her  at any point in time coming back to the game. Jeff: We'll now bring in the competitors for today's duel. Semhar will battle against Christine, voted out at the last tribal council. Christine, ugly tribal council. Any animosity toward the two people that are here today? Coach wade, you know, he didn't like me from the beginning. I just articulated what everyone else was saying. Mike: You're talking about telling him he was going home. Right. And then he disliked me, and I think that was his objective, to get me out as  soon as possible. So I want to get back in the game for me. Jeff: Tell me about Redemption Island, Semhar. You were out there for a few nights all alone. Yeah, Redemption Island is scary and I was alone. I'm just ready to keep going. Jeff: All right, shall we get to today's duel? Today's duel will require concentration and balance. On my go, you will place a wooden totem on top of a pole. At regular intervals you will add another section of pole, making it more  difficult to keep stable. If your totem falls off, you're out of the duel and out of the game for good. Winner stays alive and continues their quest for the million dollars. Okay. Jeff: Make sense? This is it. One shot, take your spots. There isn't anything I wouldn't do for this man. I would even take off my clothes and give him a private show to the tunes of  the soul because he's all they need no more. I would give birth to 10 of his children without use anything drugs to help  ease the pain and then I would give him one more just because our love is  that insane. There is not one thing they would not do for my lover, my best, friend, my  honey, my boo. I can't wait to meet him. All right, I’m good. Jeff: Is that a little spoken word? Does that calm you? Like crazy. Jeff: Christine, you calm? Let's do this duel. Take your first pole. Place your totem on top. Get it where you want it. Once you have the pole in place, both hands need to be on the handle. This duel is on. Be very careful with your movements. It is about concentration and remembering where that center point is. Okay. It is time to add another section of pole. Watch your balance, make sure that is level. Take your time. Make sure that totem doesn't fall while you're doing this. Christine has her second section in. Semhar has her second section in. The beautiful thing about Redemption Island, it is a second chance. There would be nothing sweeter than to get back into this game. All right, it is time to add another section of pole. Take your time. Do not panic, and do not lose it. If it falls while you're putting another section in, you are out of this duel. Duel. Semhar with a nice recovery. Both women in good shape. Both women strong again. Keep focused. Don't drift. Don't start thinking about anything. Christine starting to wobble. The longer these poles get, the more likely they are to sway at the top. Semhar with just a little bit of movement. Little bit of movement. Christine slipping a little. Semhar lose herself totem. Christine states alive. And continues her quest for the million dollars. So, Semhar, what's the emotion? My tribe sent me to redemption, it just brought back a lot of memories from  my past. I've moved so many ti timeses, and I and I have felt abandon so many times in  my life. I just don't know how people can be so cruel and it's how I felt about my  tribe. Jeff: And yet you sought out this game. &gt;&gt;y exactly. That's why I’m proud of myself. I never give up on anything. I'm sad to be the first to go but I know I played this faithfully and as a  good person. Jeff: Semhar, your adventure has come to an end. It is time for you to go. By, sweetie. Bye, love. You did good. Be well, okay? Okay. Be a strong girl. Thank you, love you. Burn! Jeff: Christine, congratulations you have seized the moment. You have stayed alive to see another day in this game. Head back to Redemption Island and await your next opponent. Thank you. Jeff: Congrats. As with any duel, what you decide to share with your tribemembers back at  camp is up to you. Grab your stuff. Head back. Coach was at the duel to see if I would lose. He's just a dope. I'm hoping they pull a matt and have a run here and then get back in. I know i'll win. This morning, God was chastising me big time. He was not pleased with me. I was not pleased with me, and I know my family wouldn't be pleased with me. I lied blatantly. I knew that my tribe would believe me, and I lied to them. They wanted Christine to go home, but I knewimented Mikayla to go home. There's just certain things that I can't allow myself to continue on. I don't want to lie any more. I don't want to play games any more with these people. I really wanted to take off my shirt really bad. Is everybody here? I wanted to talk to you guys and make sure everything was out in the open. Uhm, my name is Brandon Hantz. I'm Russell Hantz's nephew. I'm sorry. Are you really? Are you really? Wow. And I’m not the same person that he is. I apologize for that. And I accept the consequences of what I did. I just-- i'd rather make friends out here than a million dollars. He comes out and says he's Russell's nephew. I'm like whoa. I knew there was something behind this kid. You say you don't want to lie but you keep doing it. I think it's an easy out for him. He does something bad and he's hee goes, "guys that's not me." you  have Hantz on your arm. I feel like nobody noticed that. Maybe he's trying to cover his tracks before he makes them. But I don't trust him. I think he's a sneak. I don't understand what his problem is with me. Water under the bridge? I'm Brandon Hantz. I'm me. I love God. I love Jesus christ, and I shouldn't be ashamed of the fact that I’m a  different person than my uncle. I should have told you before I did it, but I was really conflicted, man. Honesty is the best policy, man. I commend you for saying that. I really do. Trust me, I have absolutely no beef with you whatsoever. Thank you. Brandon told the tribe that he was Russell Hantz's nephew. A mistake, in my opinion, but he need to get it off his chest and, you know,  that shows Brandon's age a little bit. He lets things get to him that can weigh him down. It's not a cool thing, man. When you think about it, manipulation is manipulation, no matter how you coat  it. It doesn't matter if I’m manipulating you, if I’m not manipulating you, if I’m  manipulating everybody else. Right. Brandon is a valuable of the senate my alliance. I still trust Brandon, absolutely. But it's just maybe not in with both feet now. I kind of had a relapse of what my uncle used to do and it sucked. Best one yet, I think. We have a good camp life. We have food. We have shelter. People get along. But the reality is, in every tribe, there's a pecking order. I think the minority is me, Cochran, and Dawn. Me and Dawn for age, and Cochran because he just is the nerdy kid nobody hung  out with in school. Sorry, john. I just didn't click with anyone here. I don't know why. So every challenge is important to me. I am not safe at all. Yeah, baby. Ozzy, that's awesome. It's myself, Keith, Whitney, allyce, and Jim. But I think Keith and i, we have, like, a sort of brother-type thing going on. There's got to be a certain point where I have to trust somebody with the  knowledge that I have the idol, and who better than Keith? I just think that he's going to be a strong ally, and as far as I know, he's  really trusted worthy. I have the idol. Aw, sweet! Like I said, man, I trust you, and i-- I hope so. I mean, I trust you. If I didn't, I wouldn't have said anything. Ossie found it. You're sure? Yup. 100% positive? Yeah. He told you? Yup. Yup. I'm kind of surprised he told you. He has to tell me because it gives him all the power. Right. I'm mad that Ozzy has the idol because it gives him all the power-- or most  of the power right now pup know, it gives him the better holds on the  alliance. So I told Whitney because I want her to trust me just in case down the line  something were to happen where I needed numbers because I thought Ozzy might  be making a move. You've got to be careful that he doesn't know they told you. Right, okay. And it's got to be like hard. Hey, Brandon, you got a minute, bud? So I want to know what you have against me? I-- I wanted you to go home. I think it's funny. You know, if you had a problem, you say, "Mikayla, what's the  deal?" did you come up to my face? No, you did sneaky stuff behind my back. Are you trying to mess with my words because you want me out because you  don't like me. That's what it was. It was. It really was. And I made that 19 to everybody. Why don't you like me? Just the attitude. I don't know why we're having the conversation because is seems like you're  still trying to get the fact that I’m apologizing to you. You just told me you didn't like me. Before me doing anything, people didn't trust you. Mikayla was coming at me like a bulldog, like she was going to attack me. Hey, guys, can we gather around for a second? But as a christian, I’m supposed to be meek. I'm supposed to turn the other cheek. But I’m tell you as a man I wanted you out of this game really bad. And she walked up to me the way she did, I was very upset. What I’m trying to explain to her, she's wondering why I want to vote her  out, okay. And you might want to look around and see who is really loyal and who is  really not because it sounds like to me you don't have much of an alliance,  period. Anybody has anything to say? I don't want no more of this from everybody. I-- just respect that from me. Keep me out of the drama. There you go. That's it. God, oh, my God. I was in so much shock. We all didn't say anything after that. He say loose cannon and there's a lot of tension between brendan and Mikayla  inspect his biblical terms he'd probably call her the whore of babylon. I think Brandon right now, he's torn between following whatever crazy beliefs  he has, and yet at the same time he inherently in his blood line is a devious  jerk. I was told by my pop aby my dad, do not lose your temper. And it's plain and simple. Being acarine, I shouldn't have lost my temper. I should have been able to control myself and I didn't. I failed. I just let my flesh get ahole of me. I mean, I struggle every day. This is-- this is like a constant battle for me-- good-evil, good-evil,  good-evil. I really want to do good. You just, lord, please don't let me sin anymore. What you're not supposed to do is say, "come on, let's just lay it all  out, screw you," and then you spook your own alliance and you speak Mikayla. That basically did nobody any good. This situation greatly concerns me. It is the epitome of snafu. I'm worried that Brandon's outburst causes uneasiness in the tribe,  uneasiness in the alliance, and we are all hoping and praying that Brandon  has no further such outbursts. It's a different kind of aggression than Russell had, but it's an aggression  nonetheless. I hate to say it, the but I do see a little Russell in in him. Oh, totally. I just hope it doesn't bite us in the butt. Jeff: Come on in, guys! You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge? Yes. Yes! Jeff: First things first-- Savaii, I will take it back. Once again immunity is back up for grabs. On my go, one person from each tribe will race across a floating bridge  carrying a body board attached to a long rope. Once you reach the platform, you'll grab a bag and hang on as the rest of the  tribe will crank a giant wench bringing you back to score. The remaining tribe members will use grappling hooks to retrieve them. Inside the bags are puzzle banners. You must roll the banners down the face of the wall and arrange them to form  your tribe flag. First tribe to get it right wins immunity, is safe from tribal council. In addition, you are playing for reward. Oh! [ cheers and applause ]. Yeah! Ya! Jeff: You've got coffee, tea, sugar, milk, some chocolate, some cookies to go  along with it. In addition, the winning tribe will have another clue to the location of a  hidden idol, hidden at their camp. Worth playing for. Yes! Jeff: All right, give you a minute to strategize. We'll get started. All right, here we go. For immunity and reward, Survivors ready? Go! Go, brendan, go! Jeff: Brendan and Ozzy out on the course, first. You've got to give them enough slack or you will slow them down. Slow down, slow down! Jeff: Ozzy needs some more rope. If you're not managing your rope, it's going to cost you. Brandon now with a bit of a lead. Feed it! Jeff: Brandon has his bag. Go, b! Pull, pull! Keep it up, Ozzy! Feed the [ bleep ] rope! Jeff: Ozzy cannot run, he doesn't have any rope. Brandon heading back, getting a nice ride. Ozzy has his bag. Go! Jeff: His tribe now cranking Papa Bear struggling to keep up. Brandon's back. Ozzy coming back. Upolu with a bit of a lead. Let's go Dawn. Jeff: Dawn heading out now for Savaii. Dawn is now caught up for Savaii. You got it, down! Jeff: Dawn has her bag. Albert has his bag. Dawn is flying on that water. Bring it in! Bring it in! Jeff: Dawn is now back in the lead. Ozzy's going to go again for Savaii. Albert's got to get back. Upolu lost their lead. You got it, Mikayla. You got it, Mikayla. Jeff: Mikayla now out for Upolu. Ozzy has the third bag. Ozzy in the water. Bring it in! Go, Mikayla! You got it. Jeff: Mikayla at the platform. She has her third bag. Ozzy's back with the third bag for Savaii perform Dawn back out on the course. Upolu does not have the momentum going. Mikayla finally back. Come on! Let's go! Jeff: Brandon back out on the course. Brandon could catch her. We are tied 3-3. Go, Brandon! Jeff: Dawn falls into the water before she's even at the platform. Brandon has his fourth bag. He's heading back. Go, go! Jeff: Brandon takes the lead. Dawn has her fourth bag. Hang on, Dawn! Jeff: Brandon is back with his fourth bag. Dawn is back with her fourth bag. Albert heading out for the fifth and final bag for Upolu. Ozzy heading out for the fifth and final bag for Savaii. It is a showdown. You got it, oz! Jeff: Ozzy and Albert. Who will get back first? Ozzy and Albert both reach the platform at the same time. Go! Jeff: They're both in the water. Hit it! Give it all! Jeff: Ozzy's lost his board. Opening the door for Upolu. Go! Go! Everything! Bring him in! Jeff: Both guys back with their fifth and final bag. Now it turns to the two other remaining tribe members. Coach and Edna and allyce and Whitney now in charge of the grappling hooks. Coach very close. He's got the first one for Upolu. Nice and gentle. Jeff: Whitney has the first bag for Savaii. You have to get all five before you can start working on this puzzle. Come on, Coach! Come on, you guys! Jeff: He's all around it. Can he hook it? Coach has the bag! Let's go, Coach! Jeff: Whitney has the second bag for Savaii. Go, girl! Jeff: Coach, close. Can he hook it? Coach has hooked a third bag! For Upolu. Come on, Savaii. Jeff: Whitney very close once again. Coach with another nice toss. Swing it a little bit, swing it a little bit. Jeff: Coach has hooked it. Whitney has her third bag for Savaii. Upolu has one basket left. Savaii has two. You got it, whitt, you got it. You got it. Jeff: Whitney hooks the fourth bag for Savaii. You're in it! You're in it! Jeff: Coach hooks the fifth bag for Upolu. Coach has been phenomenal with the grappling hook. Have to untie all five bags before you can drop the banners. Whitney looking for that fifth and final bag for Savaii. Upolu has the lead. Coach now unfurling the banner. Nice and slow. Come ogirls! Jeff: Savaii still working to get back in this. Just get them down, Coach. Any order. Easy, easy, easy does it. You got it! You got it! Jeff: Allyce has the final bag for Savaii. She's going to have to hurry. Far right, switch. Take five. Go under me. Jeff: Edna and Coach working with Mikayla and Sophie trying to figure this  puzzle out. Savaii, you need to get on it Upolu having to rearrange their pieces. Under me. Jeff: Upolu very close. Upolu wins immunity! You better believe it, baby! Jeff: Upolu, congratulations. No tribal council tonight, Upolu. In addition, nice reward that I’m sure you'll use this afternoon and waiting for  you back at camp, another hidden clue that will help you find the hidden  immunity idol. All right, Savaii, tribal council tonight where somebody will be the third  person voted out of this game and support to Redemption Island. I'm sure it will make for an interesting afternoon. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. I'll see you at tribal. Papa bear is the weakest person on the team. It's not even that he's a zero. He-- he-- he slows us down. He should have been the first one out. I still think we're the stronger tribe. We did a good job. Everybody did a good job. We just-- you win some, you lose someone. It's the way it goes. We lost the challenge today, and it does suck. It's really bad for morale. We're going to tribal council tonight. And we've got to vote somebody off, and that means cutting people that aren't  really that good at challenges. Dawn did a great job today, man. She kicked ass. It's basically between Papa Bear and Cochran. Are you nervous about tonight? Do you have butterflies in your stomach? I think I have gas. How much easier would it be to be in the group, right? All they're sitting pretty. 'Cause those five have connected. We we got put on barbie doll's and ken's team, we really did. I don't understand how you and I became-- because we look different. We talk different. We say different things. I mean, it's obvious, if I go tonight, you're going tomorrow. Yeah. If you go tonight, I’m going tomorrow. Right. I'm just hoping it's not me tonight. Obviously, I’m hoping it's not me tonight. We are up the creek, bro. What do you think? You guys are thinking all papa right. Papa bear. It's sad to see, but-- i'd rather just, like, decide this right now and not--  I say papa. I'm with you. I'm in. Tell him Cochran. Tell him Cochran. We have to. We'll keep the line of communication open. If you hear anything-- just so you know, it's Papa Bear. So this is happening again? Yeah. Just so you know. Ozzy approached me and said we're going to tell Papa Bear that it's you, but  it's really gonna be Papa Bear. The fact that my name keeps coming up is very upsetting. I don't want to be sent to Redemption Island. I know a lot of people kind of view it as a chance to get back in the game. I view it as a chance for,un, extended failure and just more depression. So I might do some last-minute scrambling. The problem is I already have this reputation as the nervous, neurotic  scrambler. If I resurrect that before the next tribal council, I think it's going to  hurt me. I just don't want to go home. Cochran's going home. Why would they choose him? Because he was gonna be the first person out. Do you agree with that? What? Cochran? Why? It's obvious. He was the first one. He got saved. They say it's Cochran tonight. I'm not an idiot. Papa bear is on the chopping block big time. You know they say, "you're okay, you're okay." obviously, to stop  me from asking. It's john Cochran tonight. Sure, I believe that. I'm an ass. I'm looking for the idol. It's my only hope at this point. I'm on my way to the shelter, and Papa Bear goes in a dead sprint from the  water to the woods. And Papa Bear distribute sprint ever. So I’m like, did anybody else see that? Dyou see Papa Bear just talk off running into the woods? Running? Yeah, dead sprint from the beach. Anybody care to join me? He's up to something. Jim and I walked into the woods, and just kind of peaked around. And he's just like digging through the dirt like a little gopher, and he's  still at it. Wouldn't it be wild if he found that clue. Or the idol. I'm in an emergency situation. I searched for the idol everywhere, I couldn't find it. The best thing I can do is make them think I have the idol and play them and  hopefully they vote for john but I’m going to play it like I found it, and I’m  not going to show them. I'm just going to make it like a found it. And hopefully, this works. Do you think he found it? I don't know. He was searching for stuff. I mean, you and I saw him like he was searching. He was digging. But it was in different places. Apparently Jim and allyce had seen Papa Bear frantically digging for  something near a tree. About five minutes later, Papa Bear comes waltzing into came with this big  smile on his face and an extra-large bulge in his underpants and he clearly  wants us to think he has the idol. Papa bear came to me and said he had the idol. All of a sudden, that's the variable in there. Let's say he does have the idol? Let's protect against that. The plan might have to change. Cochran could go home tonight. It's possible it's an act to make you think he has it. I hope my tribemates see through the charade, but my fear is even if they  don't believe him, it's no skin off their back to switch their vote to me  from Papa Bear and i'd be screwed. It's incredibly funny to watch everybody scrambling around stressed out that Papa  Bear might have the idol. I mean, I already have it. I can't let anyone else know I have the idol. I'm just hoping that nothing goes wrong. Jeff: So, Cochran, when you went back to camp after the last tribal council,  you had to be a little concerned because you took a lot of heat for not  contributing. I'm trying to make myself more of an asset to the tribe, both on camp and in  challenge. I think I proved today that I am capable in challenges. I mean, I’m the smallest guy on the tribe but I was reeling in with the best  of them so I don't see how my size was any obstacle or impediment to my  success at today's challenge. Jeff: Cochran, are you a little defensive in life? I don't necessarily feel that's the case [ laughter ]. Jeff: Papa Bear, what's Cochran's biggest problem in this game? I think, my opinion -- this is my opinion only-- that physically, he's going  to be a threat to himself. Jeff: Cochran, where's the leadership at on this tribe? There are multiple layers of leadership on the tribe. The most obvious is to say Ozzy is our leader. We follow his lead in terms of learning how to survive these elements. Jeff: Papa Bear, Ozzy the leader? Everybody wants to be the leader and this is a game with a-type personalities. None of these people here sit on the couch all day. Jeff: Papa Bear, what's your background professionally? I'm a retired new york city police detective. Jeff: So you are, clearly, a leader? I like to be a leader, but for some reason, in this team, I’m not a leader. For some reason, the five has just taken control. And I really don't have anything in common with any of them. Jeff: Dawn, are you noticing people start to group based on similar likes or  age or backgrounds? Year, I mean, I think any group is based on similarity, kind of community. I think sometimes Papa Bear, myself, and Cochran, might not have things in  common. But I see it shifting throughout the day. I don't know that I see it as locked. Dawn. He said you, me, and Cochran. The truth swe're not in the five. We're not in their group, andun that. So it's okay to say it because it's real. Jeff: Kim, you're not buying this. No, actually, I think Dawn was right oand I think Papa Bear feels he's on the  chopping block tonight so I really think a lot of his comment are really  intended to stir things up. I don't have to stir. If I’m in the three, I don't have to worry. If I get vote out, I’m only three. There's not a three. You need to worry about it because you're in the five. Jeff: Jim, given my thought about the idol? Without a doubt. I mean, I see it as a very very, very significant tool an idol played this  early on, for example, really gives you three more days. That is is what "Survivor" is all about. You survive one day at a time. Jeff: Ozzy were you voted out holding on to an idol. Yes. Jeff: So what Jim says it gets you three more days is not necessarily true. Yes, this is possibly that could be something that could change the game  totally and completely. I know whenever someone takes a walk you're definitely keeping your eyes peeled. Jeff: Cochran, you're a bright guy. Do you think you can find the idol? Uhm. It's possible. I just think that you have to weigh the pros and cons of searching for the  idol. It makes you look very, very suspicious and it makes you look like you don't  trust your tribe. It's a foster of trust on the tribe and searching for an individual immunity  idol is not necessarily the best way to avoid the chopping block. Jeff: All right, it is time to vote. Allyce, you're up. Allyce, you're up. Papa bear, just in case you have that idol. That idol. Y. I think you're a sweetheart, a really great guys, but you make me anxious and  I don't need any more anxiety in my life. Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has the hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now would be  the time to do so. All right, once the votes are read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Papa Bear. Cochran. One vote Cochran. Jim. One vote Papa Bear, one vote Cochran, one vote Jim. Papa bear. That's two votes Papa Bear. Papa bear. That's three votes Papa Bear. Third person voted out of "Survivor: South Pacific," Papa Bear. That's four. That's enough. You need to bring me your torch. Papa bear, the tribe has spoken. You will have a chance to get back in this game. Grab your torch. Head to Redemption Island. Good luck. Good-bye, everybody. Jeff: Well, the good news is, both of your votes at tribal council have been  decisive. The bad news is you're down one member and the looming question is are you  voting out the right people? Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night. Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, captioned by media access  group at wgbh access.wgbh.org jeff: Next time on "Survivor": At Savaii,  the new mastermind is Cochran. This is the perfect opportunity to devastate Ozzy. It's a Survivor movie. I know. Jeff: And Brandon's paranoia hits new heights. We have a problem on our hands. Albert, Mikayla and Sophie have something going on. Brendan is a small Russell Hantz. No votes when they're against are you fair. I don't think I deserved to go home today. I think Cochran deserved to be on Redemption Island. My strategy right now is to do every duel I can successfully, and figet back  into the game I’m going to go to the blue team because I’m not going back to  the same team that just voted me out.