<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor":  At Upolu, Coach thought he had assembled a solid alliance of five. Rick, Sophie, Brandon, and Albert. Jeff: And tacked on Edna as a spare sixth while leaving statey at the bottom  of the pecking order. I do believe they are looking to try to get rid of me. Jeff: But Brandon started behaving erratically. My name is Brandon Hantz. I'm Russell Hantz's nephew. Jeff: He covertly targeted Mikayla. Mikayla will be going home tonight. Jeff: Later me blew up in front of the entire tribe. I was very upset. Here's evil, period. Jeff: Brandon's loose cannon behavior put everyone on edge, especially Coach. Brandon just worries me. You're royal or you're disloyal. Jeff: At Savaii, Ozzy was also in an alliance of five and he thought he was  in charge. Life is good right now. Jeff: They left the oldest and nerdiest on the chopping block. I have this reputation as the nervous, neurotic scrambler. I just don't want to go home. Jeff: At the immunity challenge Coach led Upolu to a landslide victory. Upolu wins immunity! Sending Savaii to tribal council, where Papa Bear tried to save himself by  steering votes to Cochran. Physically, he's a threat to himself. I don't necessarily feel that's the case. Jeff: In the end, Cochran prevailed. Papa bear, the tribe has spoken. Sending Papa Bear to join Christine on Redemption Island, where they will  compete nay duel to stay alive. Is nerve your family as outdoorsy and athletic as you? No. No. How did you pick that up? When I was a little kid, I just was really into survivalism. Like the first book they ever read that made an impression was "robinson  caruso." I’m thinking maybe lisa and Ozzy have a tighter bond than is  realized. I know the game well enough to know a pair is very, very powerful. And the thing is, ossie's powerful enough as a physical presence in this  game, but you can't get him that physical presence and that voting presence  because then he would run it like rob did last year. I started thinking, ike not going to get Ozzy out. Lisa's God to go. I'm going to tell you my whole strategy. Okay, I’m ready to hear it. Ozzy realizes if he votes me out, he's invaluable. Even now I think he's seen as invaluable. Now there's a rounding factor with Elyse in the picture, and he's using Elyse  to play. In my mind she's a variable, and I like constants in this game. I hate doing this, but what if we get rid of Elyse. That way the variable is gone, and the strength-- I think it would be pretty  good. And it's a move. It's a "Survivor" move. I know. She's so freaking hot. I can pout a see we'd wig. He's a used car salesman smile with white teeth that are suspiciously white  to me. He wants Elyse gone next which is music to me. If Elyse goes first, that buys me another three days and who knows what Ozzy  is going to do. I like it. I do. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, this game to me is so  jacked up when it comes to people's feelings. I came into this game with good intentions, but it was ruined by my pride. I let my pride get to me. I started gravitating towards eye line of people, and every day is a struggle. It's-- it's-- it's-- I can't tell you tomorrow they won't get upset, but from  here on out, decided to be a better person, a better player, a better "Survivor."  I really shouldn't have done that. I just got a little bit upset and I shouldn't have let my temper get ahold of  me like that. I apologize and I hope you accept my apology. I appreciate it. You know, I understand, like, you're doing the right thing by apologizing,  but, dude, maybe you should think two or three times before you talk because  it's just, like, the thing that he should have done and he apologizes. It just makes him look like a fool. But his uncle, look who his uncle is. That's what always gets me-- look who his uncle is. I don't know, man. I know I’m screwing this up for myself as far as the game is concerned, but I  care about you, and you've been a very good friend to me. And this whole time i've known that the people that you trusted, including  me, lied to you, and I can't lie to anybody anymore. There's definitely a core five. Like I said, this is probably the worst game strategy in the world. There's only a core five and not a core of six? There's all kind of cores. I know, there's-- it's like the onion. Yeah. I'm sorry. And I hope you accept my apology. That's okay. I'm just kind of surprised about the core of five. Are you upset? It's reality. Brandon pulled me aside and said that I was actually not part of the alliance  of 6. He said that the other five people in the alliance had basically just  tolerated me and that given the opportunity, i'd be the next to go. It was a terrible feeling because you're believing that you're part of this  group, and it's easier to believe a lie sometimes than it is to accept the  truth. Tree mail! My bathing suit! [ cheers ] ya! Being mormon I have never felt comfortable swimming in my underwear and bra. I have not felt comfortable doing that. I don't even know if mine are see through. Finally. The tree mail says, "two more from your tribe will visit the arena, a  decision which needs to be just. Witness them battle to stay in this game and watch as one bites the  dust." whoa. Who wants to go? I'll-- i'll go. I don't want to go. I don't, either. This is going well. I'll go, i'll go. Okay. I want to go but at the same time I don't like Cochran and I both going at  the same time because nobody knows Cochran and I are together, and guilt by  association-- nobody wants to be alone with me. &gt;&gt; not a way to win this game. Whoo-hoo! My new swimsuit! I honestly think the thing that's concerned me most in the game is my age. I love it. It's a very cute bathing suit. It's a cute bathing suit. Yeah, super cute. As I looked at the other people that are going to be playing in the game, I was  thinking to myself, am I rudeo this tribe? I mean, I loved rudy but for 40, I’m on the old side. But I feel like I have to show the the Savaii tribe what I can do because I think  there are some really comfortable pairings and groupings and those may  already be alliances, so I feel like it's absolutely critical for me to  perform, no question. I can't be the weakest. Here's my thought process-- if we have an opportunity, the other tribe  thinking that we're weak might get us some type of play. I just want to make sure we're all on the same page so if something comes up,  some people won at this, some people won at that. I really think it's too early at this point. We need to plant that seed now and give them extra fuel. If you plan on going far in this game, you definitely try to think a few  steps ahead, but Jimmy's trying to play the strategy point too much. All right, guys. Bye! See you in a bit. Have fun! Ya, they're gone. Strategy. Strait. Strategy, strategy. Oh, lord. Strategy, strategy. Jim, con down. We have, like, weeks. Chill out, bro. While Cochran and Jim were walking out, the first thing Ozzy said was,  "we're not going to talk strategy," and he was kind of mocking Jim,  don't think too much strategy. I'm not sure that's how i've seen Ozzy play the game in the past. I think he's strategizing. He's just done it somewhere else, a different time and place. He just doesn't want us strategizing and that irks me to no end. Jeff: We'll now bring in the competitors for today's duel. Christine will be battling against Papa Bear voted out at the last tribal  council. Papa bear, how does it feel to see Cochran and Jim up there, two of the  members of your tribe who voted you out of this game and are now here to  witness you fight for a chance to stay in it? It doesn't bother me at all. You know, they realize that once I get back in the game, I’m going to immediately  go to them and give them anything they need. Jeff: Brandon, nice to hear if Papa Bear gets back in this game, he's already  telling you right now, you got me. Yeah, I guarantee that's how Christine is feeling, too, and that's that i'd  do that myself. Actually, I would like to say something to Christine, if you don't mind. Jeff: She's not looking up, but I’m guessing she can hear. All right, well, I just want to apologize to you for the way that I handled  that tribal council, and I came clean to everybody. I feel really bad the first seven days I played this game, I played ist  ruthless, and I turned over a new leaf. I'm sorry, Christine. I hope you to well. Jeff: Christine, do you accept Brandon's apology? I accept it. Whether I buy it or not is a different story. Jeff: You guys ready to get to today's duel? Yes. Yes. Jeff: For today's duel you will toss sandbags attempting to land the bags on  top of crates. The first person to get one bag on each of the 10 crates stays alive in this  game, will live to see another day. The loser is out for good. This is it, one shot. Take your spots. All right, here we go. Survivors ready? Go! One bag at a time. Papa bear lands his first. Christine lands her first. Ooh! Jeff: Papa Bear short. Christine lands her second. Don't be afraid to give it a little height. Christine lands her third. Christine lands her fourth. Papa bear with his second. Christine lands her fifth. She's on it! Jeff: Papa Bear lands his third. Oh! Jeff: Christine goes long, just misses. Papa bear with his fourth. It is now 5-4. Get on there. Jeff: Christine with her sixth. You want a shot back in this game, you gotta win this challenge right now. Christine lands her seventh bag. Papa bear lands his fifth. He's back in it. Oh! Jeff: Christine just misses. Papa bear lands his sixth! We've got a duel. Oh! Jeff: Christine lands her eighth. Papa bear with his seventh. It is 8-7. Christine is hovering all around her ninth crate. Just can't get it to stick. Christine sticks it. One is just hanging on. Oh, and it drops! Christine's ninth bag drops off and she is back to eight. It is 8-7. Papa bear lands his eighth. We are tied, 8-8. Christine lands her ninth. Papa bear gotta keep moving. Papa bear has his ninth. We are tied 9-9. Each toss counts. Papa bear on and off. Lose here, you are going home. Christine lands her tenth and lives to see another day! You did good. Jeff: Papa Bear, now that this journey on "Survivor" is coming toab  end, do you go back to that time when this dream to be on the show began? You know, when I saw "Survivor" I said, some day I’m going to be on  that show. I don't know how I’m going to get on that show but some day I’m going to awe  decision on that show. And all the cops and firemen, everybody who was there were like, "oh,  yeah, you'll get on, ha-ha." and now to fulfill that dream, I feel  blessed. Jeff: Papa Bear, your adventure has come to an end. It is time for you to go. See you in the big apple. Jeff: Have a good one. Thanks. In the fire? Jeff: Yeah. Christine, congratulations. Thank you. Jeff: Two duels in a row. You live to see another day. Grab your stuff, head back to Redemption Island, and await your next opponent. Thank you. I want the spectators to see that I’m not out. At all. And I’m still in it, and there's still a fight left in me, and they'll see it. That's what they want to see. That's what they're going to get. Jeff: All right, guys, head back to camp. Do you want milk or no milk? Frankly, it doesn't matter. Like, any coffee is better than no coffee. I'm going to go with milk. Knowing what Brandon told me is going to make me more cautious of trusting  the individuals in my alliance, so for me it's important to be cordial and  polite. I'm going to wash my shirt and trousers. You want to wash your shirt and pants while I’m at it? Nah. Not getting too stiff? A little stiff. A little stiff. It's a social game and I have to emphasize the social game aspect of my  strategy because physically I can't win against those people. Edna? Yes, sir. Would you mind, like, later if we're laying on that beech over there to walk  on my back. I don't mind at all. I can walk on anybody. [ laughter ] it's like ricochet rabbit. The girl go on and on and on and on and on. Does she have an off switch? I don't think she has an off switch. She needs to be disconnected. That's what she needs to be, disconnected. When you model what kind of gigs do you do? Is it tv or print? Some print. I've been on the cover of a couple of things. That's cool. Like what how do you get recruited? They e-mail me about dates and stuff like that. That's so cool. I'll have to go look for it. Get your autograph. For real. Edna asks so many darn questions. At one point I answered just to shut her up. Yesterday Rick was talking about how he goes hunting and shot a buffalo. How many times do you shoot him. What did you aim with? Are you, Edna, ever going to go hunting for a buffalo? No, don't worry about it. Zip it. This is incredible. Really, where does it hurt? Just keep doing what you're doing. This is amazing. And her little laugh. Oh! It's going to haunt me when I get home. Hee-hee-hee. Shut up. Oh, my God. This is the funniest thing ever. Oh, God. Oh, God. And I just think that's baloney. He already has it locked or he's trying to get other people to not talk. We just need to go something I think because the forgone conclusion might be  that it's gonna be me, maybe you. Jim and I developed a good partnership moving forward. But numerically, it doesn't seem completely straightforward that we're going  to be able to get rid of Elyse because right now it's Jim and I on board to  vote for Elyse. There has to be somebody else willing to do this or else we're screwed. Ozzy. I was talking to, um, Jim, and I don't think Jim's fond of getting rid of Ozzy. Who is closest to ode? Elyse? I think she's in Ozzy's back pocket. If they're not cool with taking Ozzy out now, it has to be Elyse. It turns out Dawn is also kind of on the same and I think wants Elyse out,  and somebody like me who thrives on big strategic moves and loves seeing that  in a game like "Survivor" i've been dying to be a part of something  like this. Getting rid of Elyse is going to devastate Ozzy and it might make the other  pretty people feel a little bit less secure. This is finally going to be the time when the Savaii tribe makes a move that  is going to change the course of the game and it's going to surprise a lot of  people. Jeff: Come on in, guys! All right! You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge? Yeah! Jeff: First things first, I will take it back. Thank you. Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, three members of each tribe will have a pole across  their shoulders each round weight will be add to that pole. The decision about which member get the weight will be made by the other  tribe. When the weight becomes too much to bear, you'll drop the pole, you're out of  the challenge. Last person left standing wins immunity for their tribe. You will be safe at tribal council. In addition, the winning tribe earns reward. Chickens. Whooo! [ applause ]. Oh, yeah! Jeff: One rooster, two hens, eggs or the other. The winning tribe will also receive another note to the location of the  hidden immunity idol. Losers, tribal council where somebody will be voted out of this game and sent  to Redemption Island. This challenge requires two men and one woman to be the weight bearers. Give you guys a minute to strategize. We'll get started. All right, we have our weight bearers. For Savaii, Keith, Dawn, and Jim. For Upolu, we have Brandon, Stacey, and Albert. You will assign weight to one person to the opposing tribe. Savaii, who you going to put the weight on first? We're going with Albert first. Jeff: Upolu,. Keith. Jeff: All right, lode the weight. Each bag aways 10 pounds so each time you are putting 20 pounds on somebody. Here we go, three, two, one. Drop the weight. That is how it goes. Here we go, next round. Upolu, where are you putting weight? Jim. Jeff: Jim's getting weight. Brandon. Jeff: And Brandon is getting weight. I spent 11 days dropping 20 pound. Jeff: Here we go, three, two, one. Release the weight. Savaii, who you going to put weight on? Stacey. Jeff: Upolu. Dawn. Jeff: Both tribes spreading the weight around early in this challenge. Challenge. Jeff: Here's where we stand. Dawn and Stacey at 100 pound. Albert and Keith at 180. Jim and Brandon each at 200 pounds. You gotta, Keith. You know you can do it. Jeff: Keith really strug ling to hang in there. He's going to have to get that bar back up on his shoulders. You can't hold it that way for long. Your arms are going to give out. Keith trying to get it back up on his shoulders. Dig deep, Keith, you can do it. Jeff: Keith is out of the challenge at 180 pounds. Savaii now down to two members left. Upolu has all three. Next round, Savaii? Brandon is there Brandon. And. Jim. Jeff: This will tie the record of 320 pounds held by rupert, j.t., and Brandon. No, no, no! Damn it! Jeff: Albert is out of this challenge. Damn it! Jeff: We're down to four, Jim and Dawn, Brandon and Stacey, Jim and Brandon  both about to get weight. You can do it, Jim! Jeff: Here we go, three, two, one. Release. You got this, Jim. Hang in there, Jim! Jeff: Jim and Brandon both holding strong at 220 pounds. You're now part of Survivor history. Let's lode some more weight. Savaii, who is getting the weight? Brandon. Jim. Jeff: Brandon and Jim getting weight. This would be a new "Survivor" record. You got this, Jim. &gt;&gt; jeff: 240 pound squeak have two guys showing down, Jim and Brandon. Three, two, one, release. Way to go, Jim! Jeff: Very impressive. A new "Survivor" record for Jim and Brandon. 240 pounds. Jim cannot hang on any longer. Jim is out of the challenge. Brandon struggling to hang in there. Hold it! Hold it! Jeff: Brandon at 240 struggling to hang in there. Everything he has. Brandon is out of the challenge. Dawn, Dawn, you're awesome! Jeff: We are down to two. It is Dawn and Stacey fighting for immunity and reward. Next round. You have no choices. Load them up. Hold on, baby. Jeff: Stacey's hanging on by her butt. This could be it. This will bring both Dawn and stase tow 120 pounds. You can do it! Jeff: Here we go. Add the weight, three, two, one. And release. A great effort by Dawn and Stacey. There we go, Stacey. Way to go, Dawn. I'm kind of losing it on my back. Gout it, Dawn. Hang in there, Dawn. You've come so far, Dawn. You can do this, Dawn! Jeff: Let's go. Load them up again. You got it, Stacey. Jeff: This will put Stacey at 140 and Dawn at 140. Dawn readjusting. Not a good time to readjust. Dawn now sliding down her back. You're going to win this for us, Dawn! Bounce it out. Jeff: Here we go, three, two, one, and release [ applause ]. Yes, stase! You can do it! Come on, Stacey! You're almost there, Dawn. Let's go, baby. You got this! That is a girl, Stacey. You're so strong, Dawn. You're stronger than this. Jeff: Legs are wobbling but Stacey not giving in. Hang in there, Dawn. You look solid. Jeff: You cannot let go now! You can do this. Jeff: You have to find it inside yourself. You got more inside that tank. Dawn, you got it. You can do it. Jeff: This is it. You got it, stase. Dig real deep. That's a girl, Stacey. That a girl, Stacey! Yes! Yeah! Yeah! Jeff: Dawn wins for Savaii! Awesome! Oh, my gosh. Awesome, Dawn. You guys did great. I did it! Jeff: Dawn, I don't think anybody will care if I give this to you. Thank you! Jeff: Nice job. All right, Savaii, congratulations. Come get your reward. Head back to camp. No tribal council. I've been through a tough day one day, came back feeling really strong and  like I had a lot to contribute and then to be the last person standing in  that challenge today, I almost didn't believe it. It felt so good. I couldn't breathe. Jeff: Upolu, tribal council tonight where somebody will be voted out of this  game and sent to Redemption Island. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. The challenge we didn't win, but I think I did just fine. I held up 140 pound so I do believe I proved to them that I have strength,  more than any one of the girls. But, you know, last tribal council, I got the votes. So it could be me, could not be me. That's what a blindside is. I could be blindsided. Good job. You did a hell of a job. Stacey, feeling all right? Oh, I’m getting there. That was pretty awesome. What. Stacey. You had 60 pounds, and it was like this way. They just kept loading on the weight. What was your final weight? 100 and something. 140? It was up there, I know. They both got pretty high. Let's not get too down, right? You did great. What's done it done. We have fought it in the past. We have to pick ourselves up and we live to fight another day. I feel pretty confident within my alliance, but at the same time, I have that  little voice in me that says everybody perceives me as weakest link in the  tribe, and so I just want to make sure that I’m absolutely safe and I won't  feel safe until after tribal tonight. I have a suspicion that the tribe suspects that I’m the weakest link. I don't know. Coyou think I should pack all my stuff tonight? You do what you think you have to do. I don't know. Edna is like on an easter egg hunt right now. She is scrambling like scrambled eggs in a hot skillet right now. What do you think? &gt;&gt;? You ain't talked to me since day one. And now you want to talk to me because it's either me or you. That should vote Edna over me. Look what I listed today. Can Edna list 20? I doubt it. You can't lift too much if it's all skeleton with the bone. How you doing? Pulling myself together. How are you feeling? Bummed. I can tell everybody is bummed, you know. Nobody wants to go home. I know I don't. I don't know where I stand. Do you know where I stand? Do you? It's either you or somebody else. Or Edna. I can't lie to you. Yeah, I know eye don't know what she really brings to the table. But everything that i've done around here, I pulled my weight. I know. I didn't massage your back, but, uh... I really like you. I'm going to move off. Okay. I don't want to fall in the fire. I'm not buying Coach's b.s. at all. That loyalty, game playing stuff, I don't buy that whatsoever. But you know, I’m not giving up. I ain't quitting, so I’m not a really big liar. I have to lie while I’m here. I have to lie to kick it, and cha whatthat means is I have to lie to get in  to fit in, lie to kick it with the next man. Have you and Albert talked yet? Uh-huh. What have they been talking about? Nothing. What they been doing. Who? The guys. If you name, names i'll figure out what exactly you're saying. Who are the people you went off on? Oh, Albert, Sophie, and Mikayla. Stacey came up to me and said you really gotta keep your eye out for Mikayla,  Sophie, and Albert. I would really like to think that everybody's keeping their promise. As far as the final five, it's "Survivor." everyone's out for  theired selves. It's a really selfish game so you have to do what you have to do to win. Coach, we've got a problem on our hands. Another one? Yeah, buddy. We don't have a five alliance. It might be the end of the road as far as that goes. Stacey just came up to me while we were gone, she came up to me and said that  Albert, Mikayla, and Sophie have something going on. Stop it. I'm contingent you. No, I want you to stop it. Stop. Look at me. Dude, look at me. This game is going to get so much crazier than this. And if you believe somebody-- tell me if somebody is sneak up on me-- if you  believe somebody that is on death row, like Stacey knows she is, over  somebody that is in our core alliance, then you might as well throw in the  towel right now. I'm telling you. I tonight care what she says. You have one person tell you something outside of our alliance, and you're  biting it every time. I can see that it's, like, you're already thinking that it's fact. Don't worry, man. Look at me just for a second-- don't worry, man. I'm just curious how many people screwed you in the past two games you played. Because both games I was-- both games-- I’m just giving you an example. Because both games I had my head in the sand and I wasn't playing the game. I'm just trying to get in the game and read people and I tend to be a good  judge of character. You okay, Sophie? Yeah. I thought I had a five strong plus Edna alliance going. And it seems like we're going to have to do some reshuffling only because our  alliance is based on trust, and just because you're in it doesn't mean, you  know, we're always going to trust you. We'll trust you until you do something wrong and right now it looks more and  more like Brandon is a small, small results Hantz. I think that Brandon is a great guy, and I want to be with Brandon every step  of the way, but I’m worried he is going to kick over the kettle at the most  inopportune time and ruin the game for everybody, and that's why I have to  also protect myself. I have to remember that I’m out here for the third and possibly final time  and this has got to be my game, and I can't let anybody or anything mess it  up. Jeff: All right. Let's talk about today's challenge. It came down to Stacey and Dawn. Two women who really duked it out. Stacey, what finally happened? I mean, you saw me on my back. I was on my knees, one arm. And I held on, hard as I could, but I know I was strong, and I did a very  good job during the time. Jeff: Coach, it's good news/bad news to be person who can be the hero or the  goat. You can argue Stacey gave a hell of an effort. You can also offer Stacey lost it Dawn. You know, I think if we were trying to choose between two people solely based  on their warrior spirit, would I say that Stacey was on the fence today? No. We all take our hats off to her for how she performed in the challenge today. Jeff: One of the things this tribe has said from day one is we're always  going to keep the tribe strong. Everybody here agree with that? Yeah. Jeff: So, Sophie, how is strength defined right now on this tribe? I think you look at strength as in strength in numbers as well as physical  strength because you come to the merge and you're not sure about something,  that's not a number. That's less of a tribe. I think we're trying to balance the physical strength and team unity strength. Jeff: Okay, let's try a little group therapy. Rick, answer this question-- the most annoying thing about Albert is...? He snores. Jeff: What's that? He s'mores. You know, that's kind of a lame answer. But -- Brandon, the most annoying thing about Edna is what? She's got a lot to say about a lot. I mean, it's not bad. It's just sometimes it gets a little bit too much. But other than that, I mean, she's just got a lot of opinions. Jeff: Edna, does that ring true to you? No, I don't think so. Yoke I’m out there voicing my opinion and thoughts on ever single thing that  occurs at camp. Edna, the most annoying thing about Stacey is what? I find it very difficult to engage Stacey. I've tried many times to get to know her, other than than some superficial  things and I don't feel she opens up and that is is what I find the most  annoying. Jeff: Stacey, is it hard for you to open up? It's not hard for me to open up. I've spoken about myself to quite a few of the people so I don't know what  she's looking for, how much she's wanting from me. You know, she asks, I give her what she asks for. Jeff: Mikayla, the most annoying thing about Brandon? He's a great kid, but it's always in the back of my mind who his uncle is. Jeff: Who is his uncle? Russell. Jeff: So you shared who your uncle is? Absolutely. And he says he's nothing like him and this or that but it's one thing that's  just, darn, you're such a good kid but why does that have to be your uncle? Jeff: If he's such a good kid, what difference does it make who your uncle is. Still, blood is blood. Jeff: Brandon, it sounds like Mikayla is saying at a census point he'll turn  into the werewolf because he can't help it. It's in the blood. I am proud of being a Hantz. I love my uncle with all my heart. It doesn't mean we're the same people. He came on the show and did a great job. His strategy doesn't have to be my strategy. I'm here to play withstandon's gim. I don't have to prove anything to anybody but it sounds like I do here. Jeff: How difficult is it, Brandon to hear people talk ill of your uncle? It's tough. He's my family. It's just sometimes we fall to temptation. Sometimes we just-- this can get hard for everybody. Jeff: What's upsetting too you right now? [ sighs ]. Because, man, I just want to be somebody that God's proud of. And... Jeff: What-- what's making you think you aren't? I don't want to be misrepresented to my family because it affected my family  big time when this whole thing went down with Russell. And you can only protect him so much, but when you see what he done, it's  like the proof's in the pudding. You can't help somebody who has done that to himself, but what do you do? What do you do? Jeff: So you feel responsibility to reclaim the family name in a positive  light? I'm going to do it. You know, if I haven't already told them already, I’m going to do it. It's not how you start. It's how you finish. Jeff: Albert, pretty emotional story, Brandon just shared. And yet, we are still in a game. His uncle's a master manipulator. So, Albert, does that mean the number one topic for tribal council should be  trust? Yeah, trust is certainly something on everybody's mind. And it's something that is a contributing factor to the vote tonight. Jeff: On that note, it is time to vote. Rick, you're up. Rick, you're up. Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has the hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now would be  the time to do so. All right, once the vote are read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area  immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Edna. Stacey. One vote Stacey. Stacey. Two votes Stacey. One vote Edna. Stacey. That's three vote Stacey, one vote Edna. Stacey. That's four vote Stacey. Fourth person voted out of "Survivor: South Pacific," Stacey. That's five. That's enough. You need to bring me your torch. Let's all give her a hug. Come on, come on. No, no. Jeff: After all that, they offered you a hug. It's not real. Everything was a lie that was said today. So... I will be back. Jeff: Stacey, the tribe has spoken. You will have a chance to get back in this game. Most definitely. Jeff: Grab your torch. Head to Redemption Island. Good luck. Okay, thank you. Jeff: Well, based on what I heard and just saw, trust and unity are two of  the qualities you're attempting to base this tribe on, but as we just witnessed,  they are also two of the most difficult aspects of this game to maintain. I wish you luck. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night. Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode. Jeff: Next time on "Survivor": If anybody calls me benjamin to my  face I’m going to go nuts. Benjamin. Benjamin. Benjamin. Jeff: They're getting to know each other in a whole new way. Coach with something big. Worst-case scenario, I have horrible herpes. Jeff: This is a disgusting challenge. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, captioned by media  access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org hello? Hey! And they talk about loyalty. You need to be loyal to nobody but God. They are loyal to their God, which is Coach. When the redemption tribe comes I’m going to spill everything that is going  on over there. Guess who is running things? Coach.