<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor":  By day 14, the two return players, Ozzy and Coach were heading in opposite  directions. At Upolu, Coach's control over the tribe was growing. Back in the driver's seat, baby. Jeff: He was at the top of an alliance of five and had befriended Edna and  added hear as his personal six. When it comes to friend, can never have too many. At Savaii, Ozzy's control was eroding. He feels he is entitled to our deference. Jeff: Jim approached Cochran with a plan to undermine Ozzy by getting rid of  his closest ally. At the immunity challenge-- Brandon needs to floss. Upolu narrowly chewed out a win. Upolu wins immunity and reward! Sending Savaii to tribal council. It's all about keeping us as strong as possible. Jeff: Ozzy wanted to strengthen the tribe by getting rid of Cochran. Sorry, man, hope you fet the second chance. Jeff: But the rest of the tribe conspired to keep Cochran and Ozzy was  completely surprised by the result. Elyse heads toy Redemption Island. When you're on the wrong side of a blindside you realize where the other  people are. I'm pretty pissed off. Keith and Whitney and myself, we had a good thing going, and they just went  behind my back and voted someone out without telling me and made me look like  an idiol. How you can trust somebody when they go behind your back? It goes against everything an alliance is supposed to be. Whatever, it doesn't really matter. I'm done playing the alliance way, so I am now what's called a free agent. And I’m playing for myself. And you guys can play for yourselves. It's you versus us? The hand was played. No, it wasn't. It was, totally. The hand has been played. I don't understand why you're taking this so personal. It was 97 against you. It's against me when you don't tell me something very crucial like that. It's obviously against me. Give me a break, Ozzy. There's stuff that you're withholding and you know that. I've got the idol. How about that? You guys played your hand. I just played mine. I have the idol. And there's a whole other side of this game which you guys are forgetting  about and that's called redemption. If you want to go there, just let us know, man. Now every little dirty laundry and every little aspect of the game is  starting to come out. I told everyone i've got the idol. So from this point on, i've just decided screw it. I'm just going to let everything hang out there, try to go as far as possible  and if it doesn't work i've always got redemption. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, I was pretty  surprised that they voted Elyse out, the fact that they felt like they needed  to go behind my back just doesn't make any sense. Especially when you try to build tribe unity. I'm just trying to be the provider. I'm just trying to lead by example, but they've got to be forthcoming if they  want me to be parent of this tribe. And I’m a big part of this tribe. They want to win challenges and get father, they've got to trust me. That's the bottom line. He just walked up and said, "see you later." he should be  apologizes today. Seriously, what a child. This is just not-- i've known him for 14 days. I'm disappointed. He needs to man up and get over it. The plan's coming together better than I could have ever drawn it up. Now, as opposed to Ozzy being the leader, he twhreez can only be described as  a hissey fit. I kind of thought Ozzy would make up this morning realizing he needs to  apologize to everybody. That wasn't the case. He's taking his ball and going to the other side of the island, still huffing  and puffing not talking to anybody. We're 12 hours after the fact and he's still this pissy? Come on. And not only that, he revealed he has the idol and says he's a free agent. I mean, the guy couldn't have made any worse moves than he did. If he would have not reacted so quickly and got emotional he would have  realized if we were trying to blinded side him, then he would have been out. Absolute. He doesn't realize that. I don't know if Ozzy's temper tantrum is going to continue well spot future,  but the less pleasant he is, the better it is for me. I hope he continues booing a cry baby because it's great for me. In all seriousness, he's behaving like a stupid bitch. Wow! That looks cool! It looks awesome. That's good. It's a beautiful day. There's plenty of stuff to eat. I'm got the immunity idol, soy I’m in a good spot in this tribe. The people that know about the hidden immunity idol are, obviously, myself, Sophie,  and Albert. It's something I struggle with because I like to have all the cards on the  table. Unfortunately, Brandon is a loose cannon and he might tell anybody. I know he will feel betrayed at some point in time but that's down the road. Jeff told us that there was going to be a clue to the hidden immunity idol in  our camp but nobody found it. It is very important for to us find that clue because it means almost the  game in the merge. So I had a crazy idea maybe it's in this weird-looking tree. I was digging in there, looking around. Sure enough, it was stuck inside the tree. Having a little deja vu right now, just imagining Russell coming out here and  finding it. It's just crazy they found it. Look at you! Come on, man. How did you find it? Right there. I had a feeling it was under the weird tree. You know, Brandon, he's a Hantz. He's got the nose and the bloodhound scent for the idol so he immediately  walks over to a tree and starts digging and lo and behold, there's the third  clue. "it's definitely near the jungle, somewhere by the beach." I have  the idol in my possession. Brandon doesn't know it. The thing is, I talked to Brandon about playing this game as christian men  and we are going to do that, but is withholding information lying? It's a gray area. If we can't find it here, one hour. All right. You're an animal! I see genetic traits going on right now, man. Get out of here. I'm having flashed backs right now, man! The determination in your walk! Dude, he's Russell Hantz's nephew. Do you see it, too? Just like Russell. Behind a wall of roots. Behind. Dude, he's crazy right now. He's gonna tear this whole thing down until he find it. If I were in your shoes, man, I don't think i'd feel comfortable telling him  right now. He's so emotional if he thinks we're 1% dishonest with him, he'd fly off the  handle. Brandon is climbing up trees. It kind of breaks my heart knowing he's on a wild goose chase. He's never going to find anything. He might not be the sharpest tool in the shed but he'll figure out, wait,  somebody already has the idol. I don't think so. I want to play this game completely honorably. But now, the way that I’m watching Brandon going search for that idol, he  looks like Russell. I'm having flashbacks. When I see something that remind me of some horrible nightmares that I lived  through on "here expose villains" it scares me. It scares the heck out of me. Jeff: We'll now bring in the chem petters for today's duel. Christine will battle against Elyse, voted out at the last tribal council. Welcome to Redemption Island arena. Both tribes have sent tribe members to witness today's duel. Sophie and Rick and Ozzy and Keith. Elyse, it's a big departure, isn't it, to be in the game one day and then out  here fighting for your life the other, and having some of the people who  voted you out right here watching. Yeah, it's bittersweet because you want to believe that the people you spent  so much time with that they are rooting for you and they want you back, but,  I mean, you can't forget that they are the ones that decided that it was your  time to go. Jeff: Christine, Redemption Island really has become your home. More days on redemption than in the game. Yes, it has become my home, unfortunately. Jeff: Unfortunately? It's just hard. You know, that I appear to be strong-- I mean, I am, but Redemption Island  can-- can break you. It sucks. Jeff: And yet you are thriving out here. You have won three duels. Ready to give another go? I'm ready. Jeff: All right, for today's duel, you're going to play a "Survivor"  version of shuffle board. In this version, you will each have four pucks on the board. Your goal-- knock off the other person's puck before they knock off yours. Last person with a puck left on the board stays alive at Redemption Island. The loser is out of this game for good. This is it, one shot. Take your spots. Elyse won rock, paper, scissor. Wants Christine to go first. Christine, you're up. Trying to knock off all four of Elyse's pucks before she knocks off yours. Oh, my God. Jeff: Christine with the first shot. Goose egg. She's tired. Nothing. Jeff: A little bit of a learning curve. Christine breaks it up a little bit. Go, Christine. You can do it. Yeah? Catch that? Yeah. Jeff: Elyse with a nice hit, almost knocks it off. Damn it. Jeff: Well, you've managed to put both groups of pucks on either side of the  board. Christine trying to get on the board right here. And she does, knocking off the first Elyse puck. Elyse would like to get on the board here and tie it up. And she does. 1-1. You each have three pucks left. Christine knocks off another Elyse puck, leaving Elyse only two pucks and  instead, Elyse knocks off one of hur own pucks, leaving her only one puck  left. Christine can win the duel with this shot to stay alive on redemption. Jeff: That could do it. Oh! Just misses. Elyse has got to get on the board. Opportunity after opportunity. And she does. Elyse knocks off another Christine puck. Christine is now down to two. Elyse with one. Christine gets Elyse's puck back out where she can knock it in. Elyse knows she's got to get something going, got to be aggressive. She's got a shot down the line, and she gets it, and we are tied. Elyse and Christine both with one puck left on the board. This could be it. Christine could win it right here, her fourth duel. Christine wins her fourth duel and stays alive on Redemption Island. [ applause ] so, Elyse, you lasted 15 days. What do you take away from this? I think for me, I take a sense of accomplishment, because I gave my all. I-- I did. And I never would have known they could push myself so far had I not come out  here. I'm stronger than I think I am. Jeff: Elyse, your adventure has come to an end. It is time for you to go. Toss your buff in the fire. See you, Elyse. Christine, four duels, four wins. You are still on your quest for the million dollars. Grab your stuff and, like it or not, head back to Redemption Island. Thank you. Christine, stay tough. Jeff: Sophie, Rick, Ozzy, ceegths, you guys can head back. Christine, if she comes back, I think she would flip in a hurry. I'll guarantee you she's going to have fire in her eyes. She's going to come back smoking, ready to kill us. Yeah. I mean, she's so bitter. If she does come bark though-- I don't think there's a shot in hell. At the duel, Christine was really pissed off, so I think no matter what she  said if she comes back in the game she will never be with us. She looked at me and goes like this. Really? She's just so negative. She has no allegiance to us. I think Christine would be the worst person to come back from Redemption  Island. There's a coconut right there! Oh, you found some? Found one. Edna, I love you! Ever since Brandon told me I wasn't really a part of the alliance of six, I knew  I definitely had to do something so i've been cozying up next to Coach  because I want to make sure Coach knows I haven't waivers in my relationship  with him, and I think it's working. Edna, you're adorable. You're very kind and generous. Thank you. My little friend out here. Yeah. I think we would be a very good team. Unsuspecting team. We're definitely vibing. I really like Edna. I don't upon, it's just weird. You pick up with certain people around here and you just feel comfortable and  I really feel comfortable with Edna. She's the one person out here they think would lay her "Survivor"  life down for me. So to vote her off before Mikayla, who is not part of the six, that would be  crazy. I told you i'd have your back. Mikayla is the next to go. You're safe. I appreciate it. Coach is telling me that I’m safe, at least for a while longer so I feel a  little bit more reassured. He could be lying to me, but right now I feel reassured. We're in a great spot. I'll just tell you that right now, champ. Yup. I'm not worried at all. Are you ready for anything in this game? Of course. Are you ready to follow me into battle? Yes, even if it gets ugly. I felt like after tribal council, I really needed to take a stand, so I had  my little temper tantrum, but I really made a mistake. I still want to try and make something happen with this tribe because we've  got to have some people that you trust if you want to make it to the end. What can we do from here? I mean, I still think you and I can take it. I do, too. I'm willing to look past it. I know that you didn't mean anything really by it. I think, you know, when individual immunity comes, you and I can kick butt,  and whoever we want to go to the end, we can take to the end hundred percent. I probably shouldn't have told them about the idol. I know. Ozzy settled down a lot. I think he knows to get farther in this game, hey needs the rest of us and we  need him. I'm sorry for being a jerk last night. I basically want to do whatever I can to reunify with you guys. That was my big reason for telling you they have the idol because at this  point i'd rather try and be tight with you guys than be by myself. Ozzy finally realizes he's got nowhere to go. His whole speech after tribal council about being a free agent. Free agent for who? He's got nowhere to go except for us. I like having Ozzy on my side. Ozzy helps me win immunity challenges before the merge. After the merge he's a bigger target than me. There's nothing more that I could want from somebody on my team. Jeff: Come on in, guys! You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge? First things first, Edna, i'll take it back. Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you will race to assemble a wheel barrow. You will then push it through a series of obstacles, stopping along the way  to collect two loads of coconut. You will dump the martha coakley nuts into a trough. The remaining tribe members will use the sling shots to fire coconuts at  targets. First tribe to knock down all their targets wins immunity, is safe from  tribal council. In addition, the winning tribe earns reward. You will leave here and be taken to a place called the sliding rocks. It is a natural water slide. You'll have an afternoon of fun in the water and enjoy a nice picnic lunch. Yeah! Jeff: Coach is already meditating about it. Absolutely. Jeff: When you return back to camp, the winning tribe will have another  hidden clue to the location of an immunity idol. Upolu, you have one extra member, sitting somebody out. Who is it going to be? We're going to sit Edna out. Jeff: Edna, take a spot on the sit-out bench. The rest of you, give you a minute to strategize and we'll get started. Here we go, for immunity and reward, Survivors ready? Go! First you have to assemble a "Survivor" wheel barrow. Once you have it, flip it, and get out on the course. Savaii and Upolu at the same time flip their wheel barrows. Savaii blows it! Ozzy run intis post. Upolu has an early lead. Dawn and Ozzy having trouble working together. Something as simple as maneuvering a wheel barrow proving difficult for Savaii. Upolu has their first barrel of coconuts. Good job! Good job. Jeff: Rick and Brandon working that barrel together well. Savaii has their first batch of coconuts. As you-- Ozzy and Dawn still struggling to figure out how to use this  together. Push it, guys! On, you got this! In the middle, Brandon. Jeff: Savaii still having trouble, losing more time now. Upolu continues to work well together. They have their second batch of coconuts. Good job, guys, good job. Jeff: Got to get them in the trough. All right, next three in. You three are done. Good work by Upolu. They have a big head start now. Albert, Coach, Mikayla now have to take the wheel barrow apart and build a  slingshot. As youy and Cochran working on the knots, and it is taking a long time to get  their second batch of coconuts. Upolu is already firing shot. Savaii has lost a lot of time in this challenge. Cochran! Help us! Push! Everything, flip! Jeff: Savaii cannot even get their coconuts in the trough. Albert knocks down the first target for Upolu. Savaii now taking their wheel barrow apart. Upolu leads one-zip. They've had a lot of time to practice. Savaii finally has their slingshot together. Jim fires the first one and misses. No more Mikayla. She's not even getting it off the target, just you and i. Jeff: There are six targets. Keith scores for Savaii, we are tied 1-1. Mikayla going one handed doesn't seem to be working. Mikayla, you want to rest for a while? No, I’m not tired. Jeff: Albert scores for Upolu. Upolu leads 21. You've got to get to six. Mikayla still using one hand. A little higher Mikayla. Mikayla, you want to sit out. Coach, I got it. Jeff: Jim knocks down the second target for Savaii. We are tied now. Albert knocks down the third target for Upolu. Upolu back in the lead. Upolu has knocked down three. Savaii has knocked down two. Savaii knocks down their third target. We are tied again. Go Mikayla, go! Jeff: There are six targets total. It is 3-3. Ica vie making a huge comeback. Jim knocks down the fourth target for Savaii. Savaii now in the lead. Keith with the fifth target for Savaii. They have only one target left. You got this, Jim. It's ow, Jim. Jeff: Jim could win it right here. You got it! [ cheers and applause ]. Jeff: And he does! Savaii wins immunity and reward! Way to go, baby! We needed that so bad. Jeff: Savaii, nice win. Thank you. Jeff: No tribal council tonight. Nobody going home from this tribe. Yes! Jeff: In addition you will leave from here and be taken to the sliding rocks. Yes! Jeff: A little break from the game and a nice picnic lunch. Oh, yeah n- jeff: When you get back to camp another hidden clue to the  location of the idol. Congrats, grab your stuff, head out, have a good time. Thank you. Jeff: Well earned. Upolu, you have the afternoon to figure out who's going home. Somebody will be voted out tonight, sent to Redemption Island. See you at tribal. Grab your stuff, head back. It's Mikayla's fault we lost. I gave her direction in the challenge today and she wouldn't take it. If I’m going to Coach this team I need for people in the heat of battle to  listen to me. She's a problem. Mikayla should go home. Oh! Sweet, sweet victory. The most important thick about that challenge, we just have to stay calm. All right. Even though it looked like we were behind, we came back. Good job, you guys. One, two, three-- Savaii! To win immunity and reward could not have come at a better time. We were coming off lots of hurt feelings and lots of drama, so winning was  the best feeling. Sandwiches galore. Do it. Sandwiches, I’m going to die. Cheers. Savaii six to the end, man. Having a reward like this really brought us all back together and it really  made me want somebody from this tribe to win the million. It's I don't care if it's me-- I do care if it's me. I want it to be me. But if it's not me I do hope it's someone else from my tribe. That was crazy! Do you agree? I'm not physically or emotionally capable of doing that. You're not a water person? Not really. I'm a sparkling water person. You know, I’m generally not that agile, so sliding down these mossy rocks is  definitely outside my comfort zone, but I got into it today because there is  always this kind of boundary between me and nature and I had to strip it off. Do you think you can do it. Come on, Cochran. Be careful. Whooo! You okay? Way to go! [ applause ] incoming! Yeah, baby. I love it! I love it! We win together, we lose together. None of that. None of this individual I did this, blah blarks, blah. We lost as a team. We lost the challenge and it sucks. Now we've got to come back to camp and we've got to do the dirty work. We have to figure out are we going to vote off Mikayla or Edna? Neither one of them was part of the original five but Mikayla wasn't Coachable  in the challenge. She doesn't follow orders so she's going home tonight. Coach and Brandon are going to try to get you but I’m not going to let that  happen. Why? Trust me, there's nothing to worry about. I can get Coach to listen to me. So we lost the challenge. Now al told me that Coach is skeptical about me, and it just makes me laugh  because all these people are about strength, and you're really throwing my  name up again. The girl who is half my size, almost double my age, you have to be kidding me. Coach will definitely go with me. It's 100% certain. It sucks, but I definitely do trust al, and when it comes down to it,  hopefully he'll trust in me. Listen, guys, I know that Edna was brought in as the sixth person, but Edna  has zero challenge values, zero. Well, that's why we had Edna sit out today. That's reason we sat her out to begin with and if we lose this next one,  we're in a terrible, terrible spot. If I had to do a "Survivor" draft and had Edna and Mikayla next to  each other, it's a no brainer. I'd go with Mikayla. Edna is a sharp player who is going to be tactical and that's way too  dangerous. My fear is this-- she's smart enough to know she's the sixth person. Oh, yeah, she's by far smart enough to know that. And someone who knows they're the sixth person is going to maybe react  desperately when we get to a merge. Edna has been busting her ass for us and I don't know if she's going in the  back of her mind you lazy, no good pukes. Are you comfortable with that decision? I think it's the best for us five. How are you feeling, Sophie. We're all convinced nais going home but we need to convince Brandon and Coach  of that. Honestly, the way we came together on day two was real and legitimate. And the way I feel Edna was brought into that group, it wasn't as authentic. I understand. And, honestly, if I can change back time, honestly, I would not vote Mikayla  off this tribe. I'm uneasy about Edna. She's got this look on her face like she's playing people, and I don't like  it. I don't like it. I'm starting to trust Mikayla more because Edna is just-- she's acting too,  too sweet to not be playing us. I don't know if Edna is full of me. I don't know what she's doing. But I’m starting to not trust her. But I want to be a radical for God when it comes to doing right, doing good,  man. I would rather vote Edna out of this tribe today but I’m not going to,  because I am my word. Everyone at one point in time said, hey, we're going to have Edna for our  sixth. And I’m going to stick to my word if it costs me the game. I pray you guys respect that. Brendan actually wants Edna to leave. He likes Mikayla better now. He's changed his mind. She's no longer the whore of the tribe, but he's still going to vote her out. I don't get it. He is nuts, absolutely nuts. This sucks. Brandon is the kind of guy that, unfortunately, we can't talk strategy with. You talk more than five minutes of strategy with him he starts grabbing his  head and is about to cry. I'm going to tell you right now, I think right now at this stage keeping Edna  is a mistake. I think the value Edna brings to challenges is nothing. I love Edna, dude, but next challenge is make or break. I'm going to tell you right now from one Coach to another, I lost the  challenge today. You department lose the challenge. Listen, no, I did. Because nobody listened to me today. I told Mikayla stop shooting. She's like I got this. She didn't get a thing. If I had told Edna, stop it. She would have stopped. Mikayla has not won anything for us. Edna, if you were tatoll her at the merge, "Edna,iment to follow Ozzy  when had he takes a [ bleep ] and wipe it for him." I think she's  playing us when it comes to loyalty. Albert, I’m telling you right now i'd rather take Edna into battle than Mikayla. The reason Coach wants to keep Edna is Coach feels Edna is directly in his  pocket. He thinks she's going to listen to everything he says and follow him blindly  to the end. My cap is off to Coach for having a little bit of strategy in this, but  realistically, keeping edia around is a bad play for us winning the next  challenge and it's a bad play for me in my end game. I just want to talk to you. Oh, yeah. Man to man. I feel like things are trying to be a little bit railroaded right now. You know what? Number one is getting to the merge with numbers. Number two is having somebody you can trust through thick and thin. Edna is loyal. Albert and Sophie might think Edna is going home but I’m going to tell you  right now if I have anything to do with it that's not going to happen. Albert says she's playing us but Edna will do what she's told. I want to be fortune unified as the five of us and if you can me what my gut  feeling is, get rid of Mikayla. I thought we were going to send Edna home but I talked with Coach and he  wants to vote for Mikayla. Cowboy, I want to tell you right now, man, the vote's in your hands 100%. I don't think me and soviet regoing to agree with Coach and Brandon. It's 3-3 right now and you're sitting in the middle. All that does is put a big old target on me. Fisend Edna home I’m going to piss our Coach, and if I send Mikayla home, I’m  going to piss off Albert. You're damned if you do, damned if you don't. This sucks. Jeff: So, Coach, big loss today. You guys had a chance to take the numbers advantage and you blew it. What happened? We just didn't really compete as a team today. You know, we had a lot of people yelling at people and Mikayla and I were  both misses shots. I said, Mikayla, maybe shu stop let Albert do it. She said no, let me do it. I got the feel of it. Jeff: Mikayla, your expression says you don't agree with this at all. Well, during the game, obviously, al was hot. But there was never a point where Coach said mucalla, let al do the rest of  it. Jeff: Mikayla aonce again, your tribe sat you out of the challenge. What message do you think your tribe is sending you? Well, nobody wants to be the scranniest or last one picked in school but  that's just the way it is with me. Jeff: Brandon is there much talk about the merge and being up or down with  the numbers? Absolutely. We have to be up in numbers in the merge. This next challenge is absolutely detrimental to the way this game turns out. Jeff: There are two sides to that coin. One is do you keep the player that will help you get to the merge or do you  keep the player who will be loyal after a merge? You gotta get there, but you want to get there with people who are going to  be loyal. What's numbers if one or two people on your tribe is not loyal? It doesn't mean anything. Jeff: Albert, what if the person you're worried about being loyal is the same  person who helps you get to the merge with numbers? If the one person that helps you get to the merge isn't the most loyal, to me  that's something we have to compromise because in this game it's of the  utmost importance to get to the merge with numbers and an edge. Jeff: You're saying can't worry about the loyalty after the merge if you  don't get to the merge. Right. Jeff: Sophie, where do you fall on this merge argument? I think you go in down numbers in the merge it, doesn't matter if everybody  is loyal. It doesn't. You have to go in with as many as you can and be as strong as you can. Jeff: Coach, a divided tribe. A few people think take the best to the merge. We'll dool with loyalty later. And some of the others say deal with loyalty right now. Absolutely. It does divide the tribe. For me you know what my answer is going to be, honor, loyalty, integrity. The one thing that worries me is loyalty can be faked. You can't fake strength. A really good person request con people into believing they're loyal. It's hard to con people to believe you're really good, athletic and strong. Jeff: Brandon. I'm really trying to be quiet but I can't. Last tribal council we were talking loyal, loyal, loyal. And this tribal council we're talking loyal. How come we're split? We all made a pact to have six people that were going to make it and we were  going to stay, and we chose to keep Edna. I love you, Mikayla abut I want to keep everybody to their word. So there should be only one vote being voted tonight. Half of us are on one side, half of us are on the other and it concerns me. That's not loyalty. That's a house divided and a house divide-- that's a difference in opinion,  though. Loyalty and opinions are two separate ideas. We're not understanding, man. We cannot be divided and have loyalty. Vote me out today if we're going to play disloyal, because money you can  throw it in that fire and it's gone. Character you live with for the rest of your life. Jeff: So, Mikayla, it sounds like you are in the middle of a divided tribe--  at least that's what I heard. Is that what you heard? Well, obviously, Brandon's had something against me from the beginning--  because I don't trust you you or Edna strategically in this game. Honestly, I want to keep Mikayla here. But because I said I would not vote Edna out of this tribe, I’m bound to what  I said, period. Jeff: Brandon, one of the things you said was if we're going to play a game  that's not based on loyalty, vote me out tonight. Coach, explain to Brandon the down side of telling somebody you're going to  vote them out before the vote. The problem is there's a point of being too honest and you have to remember  that there are some cards that need to be revealed and some cards that you  keep hidden for a time. But it doesn't mean that you're being disloyal or dishonest. You know, it's funny because nowadays, people get the misconception that we  can tell a half lie or tell a little bit of a lie. Oh, it's just a game. Oh, it's just a cigarette. Oh, it's just a little bit of marijuana. Oaring's it's just a little bit bit. You know that's lasciviousness. There are no gray. It's black or white, period. Jeff: Well, after tonight's tribal council, the only thing I can say with  certainty, somebody's going to Redemption Island. Time find out who. It is time to vote. Brandon, you're up. I don't even know how you got this far. I really hope it's you tonight or else we're in a world of pain. Come on, cowboy, vote for her, too. Too. Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has the hidden idol and you want to play it, now would be the time  to do soy. Okay, once the votes are read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area  immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Mikayla. Edna. Mikayla. Two votes Mikayla. Edna. We're tied. Two votes Mikayla, two votes Edna. Mikayla. That's three votes Mikayla, two votes Edna. Edna. We're tied. Three votes Mikayla, three votes Edna, one vote left. Sixth person voted out of "Survivor: South Pacific," Mikayla. You need to bring me your torch. Mikayla, the tribe has spoken. You will have a chance to get back in this game. Grab your torch. Head to Redemption Island. All this talk about loyalty, and still the split vote. And that's because loyalty, as honorable as it may be, is not always the  answer. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, captioned by media  access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our  next episode. Jeff: Next time on "Survivor": I don't want to go to redemption,  but if it's like a do our die situation, I will go. Father we ask for a rejuvenation of this tribe. If this comes a time Brandon becomes a liability we have to put a bullet in  somebody's head. Just keep going, Albert! Of. Jeff: We are neck and next right now! Tribal was a mess, man. Every time Brandon has a blow-up it's, like, always pointed at a stronger  woman. I just don't understand how Edna has made it this far. I would love to definitely get some people back. I'm just going to laugh if the next challenge is something physical. What happened?