<br/>Jeff: Previously on Survivor. On day 17 Upolu and the Savaii tribe were dead even. Six each. Upolu wins. Savaii loses the challenge and blames Cochran. With the merge loonling Ozzy proposes a risky plan. I would be willing to sacrifice myself, go to redemption. Beat kristine and get back in the game and give our tribe an edge. The tribal council. I had a dream and I saw my chance at my own redemption. Ozzy also wanted Cochran to be a double agent. I will make up a story, Cochran is the smart weasel, he vote him out and  whips out the idol, good-bye, Ozzy. And gave Ozzy his immunity idol. In the end, Savaii went along with the plan. Ozzy, the tribe has spoken. Now the questions are, can Ozzy win at Redemption Island? I am out of here? Will there be a merge and can Cochran be a master spy? The weirdest merge in Survivor history. What what a difference the day makes. A day ago I thought I was going to Redemption Island, where I would humiliate  myself and go home. Ozzy came from the heavens and gave this miraculous plan where he would  sacrifice himself on the basis of the tribe, based on the merge that will  take place and the gamble your you prove yourself in an extremely strong  player at Redemption Island. If everything connects in the way we hope it will this is going to go down in  history as one of the single biggest and greatest moves in Survivor history. What is our best option to stay in the game? I was willing to go. You can easily say you are willing to go, but to actually do it, step up and  take control, that is different. The way I live my life, I don't live it for somebody else. Just step up and prove to the world what you can do. What can I do in terms of our plan is. I presume if I go to the other side they will ask what bond exists between  all of you. You say what you want, man. You just have to -- I just don't understand what you don't want me to say. Another big part of the plan is that I become the sort of double agent who  will be able to figure out who the zero po through tribe plans to vote out in  the event of a merge. Everybody in this game is capable of being a double agent, if anybody, it is  me. I have already been pretending like I like the people in my tribe an 18-day,  I think I deserve an academy award for that performance. I will play whatever part I need to play. I bet you never thought that was going to happen. No. That is sweet. That's a good one. Right now, my philosophy, to take from al pacino. First you get the ego mania player voted out and then you get his idol and  then you get the million dollars. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, hello, hello. Did I wake you up? Who is it? This is Ozzy. Hi. Nice to meet you. Under better circumstances. What happened? Oh, man. Idol. What? Yeah. Who had it? Guess. Cochran. Yes. How did you know that? Well, from listening to people. Oh! The little weasel. I came into redemption and I put on my actor suit. And all voted Cochran and he pulled out the idol. And he didn't tell anybody? No. I think she bought it. I think that she took it hook, line and sinker. I get taken out, I didn't play the idol this time and -- like what is it with  you lawyers? Are you kidding me? This is part of the plan. First step is getting myself voted out. The second step, getting her to believe that, third step, beating her and  giving the other tribe false information. The move is probably either the stupidest thing I could have done or the  craziest, ballsiest thing I probably could ever have thought of doing. Thought of doing. Jeff: Now bring in the competitors for today's dual. Kristine, the battle against Ozzy. Voted out at the last tribal council. Jeff: Welcome to Redemption Island arena, both tribes are here to witness  today's dual. Ozzy, are you surprised to find yourself on Redemption Island? I mean, I gave pretty much everything to my tribe, and then we lose one  challenge because somebody can't operate a clip, and that ends up being the  person that sends me here. Plays the idol, you don't even -- I know someone else probably knew that you  had it, as far as I am concerned, tribe boundaries, I mean, at the merge,  they don't exist anymore, it is all one for one and whoever sticks together  from this point on makes it the furthest in the game. But I thrive under the pressure to come back in the game for revenge,  basically. All right. Are you guys ready to get to today's dual? Yeah. For today's dual you will use sticks and ropes to make a long pole. You will use the pole to retrieve three keys. The three keys open three locks. The first person to set through their door wins this dual. The loser is out of the gauge for good. There is one significant difference with today's dual. The winner of this dual does not go back to Redemption Island. They come back into the game. Huge sex, one shot. This is it. Pick your spots. Jeff: All right. One of you will get back in this game and one of you is going home. Here we go. Survivors, ready. Go. Your first goal is to build that pole. It needs to be long enough and strong enough to reach the keys. If you panic and make a weak one, it will fall apart as soon as you put it  through the gate. Kristine is getting more out of her stick, it may take fewer sticks for  kristine. Two very different strategies. Kristine going to give ate go. Hoping that her pole will be long enough and strong enough to reach a key. Kristine's pole is just long enough. But not strong enough. Ozzy is going to give it a go. This is where the strategy of how you tie your sticks together will pay off  or work against you. Kristine very close. Kristine's pole is just short. Ozzy, he has the pole on his key ring, is it strong must have to get it all  the way back? It is hanging on by the edge of the pole. And it drops. Kristine's pole is starting to fall apart, she has to take it back for more  repairs. Ozzy almost there. Can he hook it? And he does. Ozzy has his key again. This time it is staying on. Ozzy has his first key. Looking for two more. Kristine, quickly making an adjustment. Ozzy stretching out again his pole, just long enough. Ozzy has the second key. Ozzy now with one key left, kristine needs to pick it up right now. Ozzy has his third key! Ozzy has all three keys. Kristine has none. Ozzy now has to unlock the locks and this dual is over. Ozzy has one lock undone. Kristine not giving up with that pole, that pole is falling apart. Ozzy has his second lock undone. This will do it. Ozzy unlocks the third lock. Ozzy wins the dual and is back in this game! Great game! Jeff: Kristine, after 19 difficult days your adventure has come to an end. It is. It is a good 40th birthday present. It is time for you to go. All right. Good luck. Way to go kristine. Good luck, everybody. This might explode, careful. Stay back. Jeff: Ozzy as fast as you were out of this game you are back in this game. Congratulations. You are now back in the hunt for the money, and you and everybody else here  can drop your buffs. Yes! Jeff: Because we are merged. Cochran. All right, guys. You can head back. Good to meet you. I just made the craziest move you could possibly make and now I can only hope  that Cochran is going to be able to infiltrate Upolu and take the advantage,  take the lead and take us to victory. Welcome! Where are you from? Houston. Where are you from? I was born in knoxville. We merged tribes. Everybody does their hands shakes and have a nice little meal. Immediately it is game on, though. It is six on six. So everybody is looking for an edge. Last night? It is like a rebirth. I woke up, and it is like -- it is true. This is where the real game begins right now. Our plan worked perfectly, Ozzy, there was a merge, we are back to six and  now it is time for me to work my magic like I knew a I could all along and be  the double agent,. The way they treated me, I thought it was horrible. Like Keith, the way Keith talked to me, I felt ostracized. I mean they hated me before -- strategically, I am wondering, if I am working  with the right people right now. Here is the thing. I am going to tell you right now. Our tribe -- I feel like you guys are trying to play us. Okay? You guys came up with a story, you guys sent him to redemption, you have an  idol in your pocket, and knowing that Ozzy would win redemption, it was a  risk, that Ozzy would win redemption. Okay? Okay. We will vote six strong, and if all six Survivor and vote together there is a  one in five chance you are going to draw a black rock. And so will i. That's the way to play the game. Yeah. I will tell you, whether or not these people have really treated you like  that, I am just saying, whether they have or not, let's say they treated you  like gold, I know, that's what I am saying, I know what those kind of people  think. I have been made fun of my whole life, okay? I might be the dragon slayer now, but I know what it feels like to be  superior in one way to people and they know it, so they find ways that you  are inferior to them. I know what that feels like, man, but you have a chance to change the game  for yourself. There is a line in the sand. Come across that line. All in all, what I took away from Coach is he is incredibly intelligent guy. I watched him, he is eccentric, dragon slayer who talks about business sardz  and king arthur, but he is a smart guy and Coach laid it all on the table for  me saying, I could make us draw rocks the next tribal council or what I am  seriously considering I could completely jump ship and betray my old tribe  and join Upolu. There was no illusion. I saw some of those people in tears. The night of the challenge -- I mean -- Ozzy woke up, he had a dream. The dream was he wants redemption. It is not disloyal -- the writing on the wall is that you are not in their,  whatever, inner circle for whatever reason. You have been mistreated like you made it pretty clearly obvious. I think part of the idea right now is I am supposed to be gathering  information, you know. Oh, is that what they have commanded? Yeah. Who has been giving you the most trouble and who would give you the most  scared -- that's a tough one. Keith has been more consistently with me by all means you will be completely  protected by me from any of them. There is a lot of down sides to jumping ship, but on the other hand, I do  believe the Upolu members are super solid, completely honest, and  trustworthy, you know, I consider myself a strategy gist, and maybe even a  mastermind but not an evil mastermind, so I return to give the immunity idol  to Ozzy, he gave it to me in complete trust and I am going to reciprocate, up  to the point in the game I feel like I have been putting my fate in the hands  of tribe mate I don't entirely trust and who, a and who don't entirely  respect me, now it has become an individual game and I feel like I am in  control of my fate. I have decisions of who I want to work with and betray. It is a little surreal but also a little bit of exciting that I am the person  right now that gets to decide how Survivor South Pacific takes shape and  possibly ends. What is your plan? I am vote straight ticket regardless. If there is a tie, there is a revote, I just want to draw a rock. I do feel like there has been a ton of disrespect, and a flashback the last  21 days we are on the outs. Cochran and I went to get tree mail this morning and I know for probably a  good 20 days that Cochran and I have been out here I watched Cochran  specifically be really treated not as an equal in the group. That's what I have been thinking about recently. Oh, gosh. I am crying at tree mail. It's all right. What are you worried about? I feel like we agreed to stay with everybody on the tribe and I just feel  like you meet these people and they are a lot -- it is frustrating. Don't worry. As a Survivor fan and I watch the game I love to watch people stand up for  what they believe in, kind of at the expense of the million dollars. I mean I feel like I should have stood up for Cochran sooner. Sorry. He is a really great kid, and he reminds me a lot of, I have a son that  reminds me on of him, with red hair but you try to protect your interests and  you want to stay. What I have been thinking is, up until this point, my entire state in the  game, fate in the game has been handed over to other people, but I have been  groveling and begging not to be voted out since the first tribal council, now  what we are expecting to do, expected to do is completely give of our games,  with the whole drawing rock thing, from the first moment when I and I think  you too can finally decide on what course to take. Okay. And I always tried to remember it is a game for a million dollars, you know,  and that this is a game with casualties, but I don't really want the casualty  to be Cochran. Yes, it is frightening how alliances swing. It is more than paranoid aggravation. You are cold and tired and losing sleep only the necklace gives a safe sensation. Okay. Game on. And in some ways, this is a way for me to say I don't like the way it has  been going, even if it means, you know, I lose my footing in the game. Come on in, guys. So, Keith, what is the new tribe name? The new tribe name is based from the story of how the coconut game to me,  tetuna. You are ready to get to your first individual immunity challenge and I will  take back tribal immunity. Tribal immunity is no more, individual immunity is now what you covet. Today, there are two necklaces, because two people will leave this challenge  with immunity, one man and one woman. Here is how it works. For today's challenge, you will balance on a small perch while holding a  coconut between two ropes, at regular intervals we will add more rope making  it more difficult to hold on to the coconut. If at any point your coconut drops, or you step off the per. , you are out of the challenge. Last man, last woman standing, wins immunity and are safe at tonight's tribal  council. We will draw for spots and get started. All right, here we go, six former Savaii and six former Upolu. Make sure your feet are comfortable. Everybody slide your rope over the coconut. Pick it up. Hold those ropes taught, remember, it can't be against your body. Cochran is already wavering. The key to this is just keeping balance, which means you have to stay  concentrating all the time, it is hard to do after 21 days in this game. Edna, up against the body and Edna is out of the challenge. Cochran falls off seconds behind. The first woman and the first man are out of this challenge. Hang in there. Keep concentrating. Three, two, 1. This round is over. You are safe. Here we go, everybody put your rope over your coke put for the second round. Ropes are now longer, it will be more difficult. Three, two, one. Pick up your coconut. This challenge is back on. Same rules apply. Whitney is out right away. You are down to two women vying for immunity tonight. Sophie's, legs shaking but still doing a good job. And with that, Sophie drops out of the challenge. Dawn wins immunity for the women. The men still vying for immunity. Rick, Brandon, Ozzy, Jim, Albert, Keith, and Coach. Coach drops his coconut, Coach is out of the challenge. We are now down to six guys left. Rick was wobbling at the end of the first round and he is still wobbling. That is the cowboy strength holding on there. Rick can hang on no longer. Rick is now out of the challenge. 15 seconds left in this round. Hang on. And you will move on to the final round. Jim drops out and Keith drops out right behind him, we are down to three. Three, two, one. You are safe. Nice job. You are down to Brandon, Ozzy, and Albert. We will go now until we have a winner. We have extended the rope as far as it will go. Three, two, one, lift. This challenge is back on. This is going to be difficult. It is one of the hottest days we have had out here. Brandon, readjusts. Brandon is out of the challenge. We are down to two. One former Savaii, one former Upolu, now it is just endurance. Albert looking strong. Ozzy has got a bit of a wobble. Sweat pouring offer both guys. Still fighting for immunity. Hang in there. Albert drops out, Ozzy wins immunity, and Dawn wins immunity for the women. Dawn, come on over. Running over here. Ozzy, come on over. Dawn and Ozzy, safe at tonight's tribal council, as for the rest of you,  after 21 days one of you will be voted out tonight and sent to Redemption  Island. You have the afternoon to figure out who it is going to be. Grab your stuff and see you back at camp. I will see you back at tribal. Great job. Hey, you guys did what we needed to do, seriously. Increase the numbers, big time. Four to six now. We better start reevaluating where they all lie. Sophie would be my pick. If anything if we are going to swing any other way it is for Rick. I think we run the least amount of risk in terms of an idol play if we go  with Rick. One more time. Everybody is solid? Yes. We are all throwing rocks. Physically. Okay, now I am worried. Everybody is okay with throwing rocks. Keith, are you throwing a rock? Yeah. As of right now, my impression is that both tribes believe that it is going  to be a deadlock at the vote. Nobody likes the idea of picking rocks for a million dollars. But go Savaii members have immunity, it is great for us because if it comes  down to a pick em there are ten picks and only four of us on the chopping  block and six of them. So you and I are out of the vote. We are out of the vote and whoever plays the idol is out of the vote. They would never think that Whitney would have it. Not ever. Which means I pretty much basically have to play the idol. I think they are going to vote for Whitney. Why? Because if it goes to rocks, Whitney is immune from the rocks and they want  to have some of the stronger players in there, me and Keith, and in their  minds, they can get rid of Whitney later. Do we want to have Cochran, then, still be a little waffly today? If they tell me might be to vote for then we know that's not who they are  voting for. Savaii may feel confident that we have a three out of eight shot or whatever  the numbers are, but those numbers aren't that reassuring to me, even if it  is one out of 30 that a rock would send me home I wouldn't want to do it. That is not what this game is about. I love this game and respect this game but I don't respect reducing my game  to a game of chance and pulling a rock out of a bag. What is going to happen is, they are going to vote for Rick. Originally it was going to be you. I thought it was going to be me. The last second, Ozzy is going to stand up, give -- I mean, have like Rick  play idol and -- right. I understand, but I think that this is Survivor. I trust you. But have got to realize where we are koching from. I do, I do. I hope -- don't do me any favors. Don't let me get eaten alive. I know it is going to be -- yeah, it is not going to be fun. You can never count on someone coming over and never know for sure. That said, I think I feel as confident about Cochran fling over, because Cochran  thinks if he pushes and comes back to camp he is going to get beat up, which  is a legitimate thing for a target to be afraid of. They are going to kill me tonight. They are going to eat me alive. That is what I am dreading. I think you are going to eat them alive. Where am I sleeping tonight? Right between me and Edna. Wherever you want. Carte blanche. We really don't have any twists but to flus Cochran because the odds are not  in our favor, it looks grim, it looks dismal, so I have done everything I could,  I have gotten Cochran on our side to play the rest of this game, I have  convinced him he will be valued over here and I have convinced Cochran he  will be the man of the match, the weak will finally become strong, that the  nerd will finally rise up to the bully and give him a bully beatdown. What are you going to do? Oh, I am -- I won't say a thing. I am just going to let you play. That is my preliminary plan. I mean there are a few outs. Before the challenge, I just thought, to me, this is like starting a war and  that is not how you remedy something. I can't make any promises. They are promises, though. Why would they watch out for you over their own people. If they have two of their people winning immunity today they wouldn't be  talking to you. Dawn apparently is now unwilling to flip her vote alongside me and Upolu, it  gives me some pause in debating whether or not I want to make the jump, but  it is a tough choice, should guy with a bunch of people who have kind of been  rude to me past 21 days or ditch the entire rock scenario and cost myself a  million dollars because I will cause so many people to be furious at me. I totally will play your game I am telling you what goes around cops around,  the way you treat people, totally affects the way that you live your life,  and I think that is going to affect everything. There is no way that -- the rudeness, the lack of courtesy, the lack of  respect -- I want to be in control for the first time in my game. I feel like I am by saying you know what? I won't take your crap. Look, it is not about that at this point. It is about that. To me, you are appealing to your emotion. I am an emotional guy. Oh, before I went to the challenge, I really spent some time like literally  praying, I know it sounds cliche but I kind of backed off my original feeling  of maybe I should flip with Cochran, because I realized I have liked my  tribe, it hasn't been as kumbaya as I think the other tribe but there are  things about each of those people I love and I have had great experiences  with them and I don't want to go back on that, I want to stay loyal to the  tribe. How are you doing, bro? We are almost there. Get back in the fold. I haven't talked to the rest of the tribe because I can understand why he is  behalfing but I am praying he doesn't and I have let him know I am  disappointed, I don't think it is right to phlegm, I don't. And I feel like he is watching out for himself tonight and no one else, but I  don't want to tell everybody, because I think there is hope that he is going  to not do do it, I have let him know, I don't want you to do it. So, Coach, six former Savaii, six former Upolu, if you were going to make an  assumption it seems that we might be looking at a tie vote tonight. That is correct we will be putting all of the cards on table tonight. And you will see most likely six and six. Jeff: Ozzy, ring true to you? Yeah. Definitely. We went into this challenge today knowing we really needed to get both of the  immunity necklaces because chances were we are going to tie up and it was  going to go to rocks and if it does, we better have the odds on our side, and  we are all going to be safe, I guess. Jeff: And the reason the stakes are so high, Dawn, because if you go to a tie  and we vote again and you are still tied the two people who have votes are  immune and everybody else is drawing rocks which is a big risk. Big sex. It is worth a big risk. So the only way to break up a tie is somebody has to defect to the other  tribe. Edna, can you see any scenario that might make sense for somebody to switch? If that one individual didn't feel incorporated or a part of that tribe, that  would be one reason. Jeff: Cochran you have said it many times you are a student of the game. What are the odds that you would have two tribes this unified? I have never seen two tribes that seem so entirely cohesive in their own  separate ways, in terms of odds, I don't know odds, I don't do odds, I do Survivor. Jeff: Jim, what are the chances somebody from your tribe walks over and joins  their tribe? Zero, it makes no sense we have the numbers on our side, it doesn't make any  sense for one of us to do that. Jeff: Albert is there much talk about the idol, whether each tribe may have  found an idol. We were all present at the dual and Ozzy did his best broadway production to  see how he felt back stab and hurt about the idol and time to find out if  that was all a show, because if they have an idol that they play, that means  there wasn't really an idol played at their original tribal council. Jeff: Sophie, is it a consensus Ozzy wasn't telling the truth or is it a  question and you are hoping to find out tonight? I was actually offended at redemption kind the six of them thought we would  believe that and I found it to be over the top and somewhat pathetic. Jeff: Ozzy? Yeah, it was a performance, maybe it was a little lackluster, maybe too over  the top and you guys are right, I do have the idol. Or rather, we do have the idol. And the fact of the matter is, I was just trying to fight for my tribe and  give us some sort of an advantage, and if that was pathetic, then so be it. Jeff: And you were very clear just then, Ozzy about saying, we have the idol. Yes. Definitely for this group. And most likely this vote. But you don't have to take my word for it, we can go ahead and do this. That's it. Jeff: With that, it is time to vote. You cannot vote for Ozzy. You can't vote for Dawn. Everybody else is fair game. Rick. You are up. You are up. Jeff: I will go tally the votes. Jeff: If anybody has the hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now is  the time to do so. I will play it. Might as well. Ihfe got it. I have got it. For Whitney. Jeff: This is a hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast for Whitney will not count. I will read the votes. First vote, Keith. Keith. Keith. Four votes, Keith. That is five votes, Keith. Keith. Six votes Keith. Rick. , Rick. Three for Rick. Cowboy, Rick. Rick. That is five votes, Rick, six votes apiece. Rick. We are tied. Here is what we are going to do. We are going to revote. You can only vote for Keith or Rick. Keith and Rick you will not vote. If anybody is thinking about changing their vote, this is your last chance. Edna, go grab the urn and you can vote. Can vote. Jeff: I will go tally the votes. Once the votes are read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area immediately. I will go read the votes. First vote, Keith. Keith, two votes Keith. That is three votes Keith. Keith. Four votes Keith. Keith. Five votes Keith. Rick, Rick. Two votes Rick. Rick. Three votes Rick. Four votes Rick. Five votes Keith. One vote left. Keith. You need to bring your torch. You need to bring your torch. Keith, the tribe has spoken. You will have a chance to get back in this game, grab your torch and head to Redemption  Island. Good luck. Coward. Don't talk to him like that. That's what he is. Well, that was without question the biggest move in the game thus far. And this game is far from over. Grab your torch and head back to camp. Good night. Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode. Next time on Survivor. You totally screwed me over. You disgust me. My hope I can get a couple to vote for Cochran. He is talking about the game. He knows what will happen in this game. I will never give up. Ozzy, there is no way that he would have flipped, because I don't know why he  would have wasted the idol, so really, it only leaves one little weasel left,  Cochran back stabbed us all captioning brought to you by Survivor  productions, cbs, captioned by media access group at wgbh. Access.wgbh.org