<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor":  On day 19, the two tribes merged. Drop your buffs. Yes! Jeff: And Ozzy returned from Redemption Island and was back in the game. I'm alive. But at this point it's a dead-locked 6-6 vote. Jeff: To get information to break the tie, Cochran promised to spy on the old  Upolu. Now it's time for me to work my magic, become the double agent, infiltrate Upolu. Jeff: But Coach seduced him into jumping ship. Where am I sleeping tonight? Right between me and Edna. Jeff: At the immunity challenge there were two winners. Dawn and Ozzy safe at tonight's tribal council. At tribal council-- it's for Whitney. Jeff: Ozzy gave his immunity idol to Whitney. First vote. But Whitney didn't receive any votes. We are tied. We will revote. On the revote Cochran blinded sides his old alliance. Sending Keith to Redemption Island. Keith, the tribe has spoken. Now the former Upolu tribe plus Cochran has taken over the game. That was, without question, the biggest move in the game thus far and this  game is far from over. Over. What's up, man? It had nothing to do with, like, getting back at you or hurting anybody. It was-- I didn't-- you know, i've been obsessed with this for 11 years. To have my fate decided by picking a stone out of a bag. Cochran, you totally screwed me over. And, also,-- I’m just trying to talk to him alone. I'd rather-- that's all right. I'll tell him. I just want to make sure nobody's being aggressive with him or anything like  that. Come on. I'm not going to be aggressive. I know-- Ozzy-- Ozzy-- Ozzy-- it's just me and him. We're not, like, gangsters out here, man. I mean, you gotta understand, like, I put my ass on the line for you  directly, personally, and you just turned tarnd and you just stabbed me in  the back so hard. This was self-interest, self-preservation Cochran said it was all about  self-preservation, and sure, that's the easy way out. That's how a weaner plays. I hope you make it far. That's too bad. You're a coward. You're a poor excuse for a many. Don't [ bleep ] me ever again. Okay. Uhm so you're-- you're the vote? Yeah, yeah. And you realize Keith and i-- Keith and I saved you three times. You were on the chopping block. Keith and I saved you three times. And that's what you [ bleep ] do. It wasn't-- against you. Really? Really? It wasn't against me. No. And that's what you do? You throw the whole [ bleep ] tribe under the bus, and now we basically might  as well just-- we're going to be knocked out one by one. You've got a lot to learn, buddy. You disgust me. Cochran. Join us, buddy. I don't know. You okay? Getta a frosty reception, which is understandable. I'm kind of having mix emotions right now. On the one hand, I’m glad I kind of stood up to the people who repeatedly  referred to me as indecisive, weak, even annoying. But it's kind of a weird balancing act I’m doing right now between the Upolu  members who are now embracing me more than ever. Don't feel guilty. You didn't do a thing wrong. And my former tribemates who seem to really, really hate my guts. Piece of [ bleep ] nerd. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, we pulled off an  amazing feat at tribal council last night. Our tribe of Upolu members stood six strong. Against all odds, and it's cause for celebration. It's cause for walking the beach. Saying a little prayer. Starting the day off right. Do a little thi chi. I feel like if I can just be confident and not arrogant, I can be humble, but  not weak, I think I have a good shot at going all the way. In terms of, like, challenge, Ozzy is obviously-- if he doesn't win, it's  probably smart to get rid of him. On a personal level Jim. Really? "Survivor" can be really cut throat and you have to trust people at  certain points and those people can turn around and just stick a knife right  in your gut, and that's what Cochran did. So my total strategy is gone. I have nothing more I can do. I'm just going to keep fighting. And going to bust my ass today at the challenge, and I’m just going to keep  on winning until there's no one left. Jeff: Come on in, guys! Guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge? Yes. Jeff: First things first, Dawn and Ozzy, i'll take back the immunity  necklaces. Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you will toss coconuts attempting to land them in a  ring. The first four move on to the final round. Where you will crack coconuts using a rock. You'll then get a mouth full of coconut water. You'll make your way through an obstacle tower. You will then empty the water into a tube. The first person to fill their tube with coconut water wins immunity. Everybody else, tribal council tonight where somebody will be voted out and  sent to Redemption Island. Make sense? Yeah. Jeff: All right other we'll draw for spots. We'll get started. Here we go. First four to land a coconut in their ring move on to the next round. One toss per round. Survivors ready? Go! Oh! Jeff: Dawn lands one. She's moving on. Oh! Jeff: Sophie close. Next round. Dawn is moving on, look for three more. He were we go. Release. Ozzy just misses. Rick just misses. Whitney lands one. Yes! Jeff: Two spots left. Jim lands one, and Sophie lands one. Yes! Jeff: Moving on to the next round. Everybody else take a spot on the bench. No shot at immunity. Good job, guys, good job. Jeff: For the final round we have Whitney, Jim, Sophie, and Dawn. Three former Savaii, one former Upolu. This is it. For immunity. Survivors ready? Go! You gotta crack them open then get a mouth full of water and start heading  out. Dawn has her cracked. Sophie is first out with coconut water. Dawn right behind. There goes Jim. Whitney gets a good mouth full. Got to get over that obstacle, then empty it into the tube. Go! Good job! Jeff: After the last tribal council, you want immunity. That a girl, soph, good job. Jeff: Sophie coming back quickly. Jim quickly coming back. Sophie sliding down that pole. It is Jim and Sophie neck and neck. Jim is pulling ahead. You got it, Jim. Jeff: Dawn trying to stay in this. Whitney in last place right now. Keep it up, whitt. Jeff: Jim and Sophie are making runs right next to each other. Dawn need to pick up the pace. She is falling out of this. The more coconut water you can get in your mouth, the faster you will finish,  and that's what this is going to come down to. Jim getting closer. Sophie trying to catch Jim. That's not going to do it. Go to battle, soph. Jeff: Opening the door for Jim. Could Jim do it right here? No. Jim, just short. Opening the door for Sophie. She's got to pick it up. You gotta move, girl! Come on, Sophie, you can do it. That a girl, soph. Jeff: Sophie almost vomiting. Control yourself, soph. Jeff: Sophie almost spitting it it it up. Here comes Jim. That door is back open. Sophie can't keep it down. She loses an entire round on that. Huge setback for Sophie. Jim jumps once again, celebrating already. Jim wins immunity! [ applause ] Jim, come on over. [ applause ] good job, man. Way to go, Jim! Good job, Jim! Jeff: Congratulations. Jim, safe at tonight's tribal council. As for the rest of you, somebody will be voted out of this game and sent to Redemption  Island. See you tonight at tribal council. Congrats. Good job, Jim. Nice work, Jim. So there's no if, ands, buts about it. It's going to be six votes toward Ozzy. We just have to go for it, dude. How many chances do you get to vote him out of this game? Apparently two. Oh, yeah. I don't want to go. You know. That's really all I can offer is just who I am. Yeah. Ozzy knows that there's a good chance he could get voted out tonight. And there's a huge difference between yesterday when he held all the cards  and the cokeness that he had, and today. That's it. I don't want you to leave, man. I don't want to leave, either. I actually appreciate Ozzy's humility. If it's fake, if it's too late, or if it's just borne out of desperation,  that's okay. Some of the greatest inspiration is borne of desperation, marcus arilluous  once said. But at this point, it's too little, too late. It was a good ride. Oh, you're coming back. I'm convinced of that. I'll try. Come on, man. Coach, you gonna try the bungalow? Just try it. There's a pillow, too. I think-- don't you think you should have a blanket and a pillow tonight, now  that the happiness is-- I think that would be awesome. We go to tribal council tonight. There's really four Savaii members. Jim has immunity. Ozzy, myself, or Whitney are going to redemption. We either have to really stay loyal to the final four of us and just go down  in flames or I’m going to need to consider flipping and voting with the Upolu  tribe. That's a little pillow. It will be like a day at the spa. I'm easily the most hated person in this camp right now because I speak my  mind. Everything I said about Cochran is true. Right, totally. He's the poorest excuse for a man they know. I told him he disgusted me. He does. I could never have ever thrown my tribe under the bus like Cochran did to us. I call a coward a coward. That's me. Because I’m not a coward. I have an idea. I have nothing. Here's what I got. I'm going to do it. Don't say no. Just listen to what I say. I'm going to give you the necklace tonight and say,un what? There are 11 people here. And 10 of us have played with complete honor, stuck with their tribe. There's only one person out of the 11 people here that's turned. You guys still have a 6-4 advantage on us, but I’m asking you tonight to vote  for Cochran. I think we've got a shot for two people tonight, especially if they all go in  thinking voting Ozzy. Then all of a sudden they don't get a chance to talk and the last words that  they hear are "vote Cochran" with a pretty compelling case. It's crazy, man. If I don't go tonight, I go tomorrow night. If I don't go tomorrow night, I go the next night. I really don't have many nights left here. So my hope sican give a rousing enough speech at tribal council to get a  couple of them to flip over to Cochran. I need two of them to go for it. That's all I need, two of those seven people to vote for Cochran. Then all of a sudden, we got a game. Jim, all I gotta say you want to make me cry right now. Everything's pretty surreal to me right now. I mean, if Jim honestly gives me the immunity necklace tonight, I don't--  i'll be-- i'll feel like I’m dreaming. Knowing Jim, I believe that if he says he's going to give me the necklace, I believe  he will. Who knows whale happen in this game? Who really knows? And I’m never going to give up as long as I live. And certainly not here on "Survivor." jeff: So the theme of the  last two tribal councils has been big moves. Cochran, what was the reaction to your huge move at the last tribal council? The reaction was understandably kind of chilly, a lukewarm reception, to put  it mildly. Jeff: Who from your tribe barked the loudest? Jim is is generally a pretty loud guy so it wasn't surprising that he was one  of the more vocal critics of my decision and basically didn't want to hear  anything I had to say in support of my decision. Jeff: Jim. I said some things that were immature. This is just a game but ditake it a little bit personal? Yes, I did. Jeff: Cochran how did you deal with the reactions? Mainly by staying silent and listening. It was a personal decision. I viewed it as an opportunity to take control of my own fate in this game to  play with the sort of group of people I wanted to play with. I don't mean any disrespect to my former tribe mates. I know it sounded horrendous. Yeah, it can did. Yeah. Didn't mentally prepare for this for 11 years to have my fate decided by  drawing a bag. The last time people draw rocks was in season 4 because people realized  that's not how you play "Survivor." it's taking control of my own  fate. I can add one thing that I think will round it out? I saved Cochran in the first vote. I saved Cochran in the second vote. Keith, Whitney, and i, saved him in the third vote, and Ozzy saved him at Redemption  Island. And i've gotten to know the Upolu tribe the last couple of days and there's  not a single one of them that would let somebody fight their fights for them  and not somebody who would do something so dishonorable. I think proof is in the pudding. If you remember from last tribal it was a way different tone, we were being  made fun of to play with integrity. It's kind of poetic justice, to be honest with you. I can understand that feeling of getting tired of being made fun of. Enough is enough. The smaller people don't have to take it anymore. We're not going to be bullied around. I just-- I just want to note, did I ever berate you. The whole tribe is standing behind Cochran. Period. I feel like I’m being villinized. I just want to know, diever make you feel like you were small? You made me feel like I was small by bases your first several votes against  me and trying to get people vote me out on the basis of my weakness. Jeff: So, Jim, very powerful spot right now for you. Sitting with immunity. Without a doubt. I know, I win immunity. I immediately think I’m going to give it to Ozzy tonight. Jeff: Why would it make sense to give Ozzy your necklace? I have gotten to know these guys. They consistently say honor, honor, honor. I know they respect us as competitors. I know they see I have a warrior heart and a warrior sole soul and there are  10 of us that have not waiverred from our tribe once. There's one person who has. Today as one voice we can send a message to anybody who ever will play "Survivor"  that you can go through this game honorably, and if you're a turncoat you got  no place in my tribe. You can say that right now by voting off Cochran. Jeff: Coach, Jim's not giving up. Yeah, I mean, absolutely. I mean, Jim starts talking about warrior this and warrior that and I stand up  a little bit straighter and listen with a more attentive ear. Jeff: If you voted out Cochran tonight, would it change the game? I think it would send a message to everything that if you stick up for  yourself, you're going to get screwed. And I’m not-- I’m not going to see that happen. Does voting Cochran out chronicle the name game? No, it doesn't. It take one person out. You still have a 6-4 lead. It gives these guys an opportunity to really say beyond this game what is  this game about? Jeff: Sophie, whoever you leave in the game is as important as who you got  rid of. I think right now, there's-- there's no good vote because we're not  eliminating somebody for sure. Let me just throw something out there. When I’m at redemption, I’m not feeding 11 people. I'm feeding myself. I'm going to be full. I'm going to be well rested. I'm not going to have to worry about everybody scrambling. Eventually, these numbers are going to start to change, and you will only  have yourselves to vote out. And when that happens, it's going to get a little funky. Jeff: And, Ozzy, if it is you tonight, I’m guessing your message will be a  little different than "i've had a great time." my message is I will  be back. I will be putting every last ounce of my soul into redemption. I hope to see all of you coming through there, and i'll make you a nice fish,  and i'll send you on your way. Jeff: So, before we get to the vote, one pressing question-- Jim, you have  the immunity necklace. As you know, you can assign it to somebody else, if you want to. Or keep it for yourself. I'm going to keep it tonight. Jeff: You cannot vote for Jim. Everybody else is fair game. Whitney, you're up. I just really don't like you. I just really don't like you. You have been trying to get me out since week one so I don't think it's that  inappropriate for me to be voting for you. Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has the hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, no would be  the time to do so. Once the votes are read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area  immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote. Ozzy. Cochran. Ozzy. Two votes Ozzy. Cochran. Ozzy. Three votes Ozzy. Two votes Cochran. Ozzy. That's four votes Ozzy. Two votes Cochran. Ozzy. That's five votes Ozzy, two votes Cochran. Ninth person voted out of "Survivor: South Pacific." Ozzy that's  enough. You guys fell for my master plan! Let's try this one more time, jeff. Jeff: Ozzy, once again, the tribe has spoken. And once again, you will have a chance to get back in this game. You better believe it. Jeff: Grab your torch. Head to redemption. Good luck. Well, for 22 days, this game has been unpredictable. For Whitney, Dawn, and Jim, you just gotta hope it stays that way. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night. I played a really hard, hard game. I played and made big moves. And I’m pretty much proud of what I did. I took big risks. They didn't work out in my favor. But you gotta take big risks to get big reward and I’m ready to do really  well at redemption. Dude. Totally. By Cochran, right? Of course. When people come through, I’m going to treat them really nice, and then I’m  going to send them packing. I just got to redemption last night. This is my first chance just took explore the reef. And the reef out here is magnificent. Where the reef drops off, it drops off probably a solid 20 to 30 feet. And then from there it just goes straight down. The tide rips out really hard and there are big waves but that's where you  get big fish hanging out. Ha-ha! Yes! Biggest fish i've ever caught. We're going to be eating well tonight. We're going to be eating well right now and tonight. I mean, it's like-- it's got to be, like, 15 pounds. So much meat. Sushimi on "Survivor." me, too. I'm happy to be here. I wish I was in the game, but I’m just as excited to be here. I wonder what they're eating today? Jeff: Come on in, guys! You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge? Yeah. Jeff: First things first, Jim, I will take it back. Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're going to stand on a very narrow beam while  balancing a ball on a wooden bow. At a certain point, you'll move even further down the beam, making it more  difficult. If at any point the ball drops or you fall off the beam, you're out of the  challenge. Last person left standing wins immunity and is safe at tonight's tribal  council. Losers, somebody will be voted out and sent to Redemption Island. There is a twist to today's challenge. If you are so confident that your one in 10 spot in this game for $1 million  is secure that you don't need immunity tonight you can sit this challenge out  and instead you can feast. Oh, my God! Oh! Jeff: One of the biggest cravings when you're out here are sweets. You have pastries and iced coffee. This is a chance to satisfy that craving. I gotta pick up on the obvious. Everybody is celebrating except Coach. You look like you just got the worst news of your life. Yeah, I’m just know-- I want to compete today. Jeff: Compete. There are seven people who don't need to compete. Jeff: Let me do the obvious math. The three former Savaii feel in trouble and I’m guessing are going to play  and Upolu and Cochran are thinking they may not need it. The thing isry with a family and we stick together and we're unified in our  stance. Jeff: Who here is going to compete? Jim, Dawn, and Whitney. Not surprising. Jeff: Upolu tribe and Cochran, take a spot here. Dawn, Jim, Whitney, we'll draw for spots and get started. All right, Dawn, Whitney, Jim. The only three participating in this immunity challenge take your spots. One foot in the first section, one foot in the second section. Everybody else get ready to eat. The eating will end when the challenge is over. Put your ball in your bow. If your ball falls off or you fall off, you are out of this challenge. Everybody looks good and this challenge is on, start eating. Quite a contrast. We have seven people chowing down, all kinds of sweets. There are three people left from a tribe fighting for security tonight while  the other seven enjoy the rewards being the tribe that is right now the  dominant one. Coach, still wishing you were paymenting in the challenge? Yeah, that's what I thought. Stay there, Dawn. Wow. That's creamy. Oh, man, this is ridunkolous. This muffin looks so great. Jeff: After 24 days, Brandon, how good does that taste? I don't want to talk. I want to eat. Jeff: Try to block out the sounds you're hearing as best you can. Jim, drops out of the challenge. Jim has no shot at immunity tonight. I know! Jeff: It is now down to Dawn and Whitney. Whitney and Dawn, you're doing awesome. Yeah, please, stay focused. I'll stay so you can eat. Jeff: So, Dawn, let me get this straight. You're saying you're going to fight to stay in this challenge as long as you  can so these guyies can eat as much as possible? Yeah, I really feel like it's one tribe right now. I guess getthat there are three of us from the former Savaii tribe but it's  not that way. Eat as much as you can. Dawn has been incredible. Absolutely, i'd like to second that. Stay there, Dawn. She's-- jeff: Dawn with a little bit of a slip and a nice recovery. Five more seconds left in this round and you will step down. Four, three, two, one. You're done. Grab the ball. You're safe. You'll now move down to the next section of this beam. This is going to increase the difficulty because it is very narrow. Now you're going to have to really balance while balancing the ball. Place your ball back on your bo bow. Find some place that feels like center. This challenge is back on. You're going to have to really concentrate now. Very little room for error here. The slightest shift in your balance will knock you off of this beam. You girls are doing good. Jeff: The eating has slowed down at the table. I think I’m out. Jeff: Lots of full bellies. The winner of this is guaranteed a one in nine shot at the money. 24 days, you do not want to go to Redemption Island right now. Stay strong. Jeff: Dawn with a wobble, can she recover? Stay strong. Jeff: Amazing job! Oh, yes! Awesome, awesome recovery. So, awesome! You can tell who Brandon likes more. Likes more. Jeff: Dawn couldn't hang on anymore. Whitney wins immunity. Is safe at night's tribal council. Whitney, come on over. Good job, whitt. Good job, Whitney! [ applause ] way to go. You did it. Jeff: Whitney is safe at tonight's tribal council. You cannot vote her out of this game. Everybody else is vulnerable. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. See you tonight at tribal. Finish what's in your mouth and head out. Personally, I department really like the way we treated Dawn at the challenge. I thought we were a little too inclusive with her. I want to nip this in the bud as soon as I can. Hey, bro! Dragon slayer. Look at this guy, man. What is up? Yeah! Cochran, what is up, man? We are seeing this side of you, baby [ applause ]. Yeah! Cochran right now is playing the most brilliant third-place game in "Survivor"  history. Every one of those nine people would love to take Cochran to the end. Cochran, you are the man, baby! I think he looks like a stud. Now you're fully incorporated into our tribe. Cochran ain't going nowhere. But it's not looking good for me. I am 100% going to Redemption Island. Unless I make some moves right now. So here's how I see it. We've got Coach with Cochran, Edna, and Brandon underneath them, and Rick who  has given his word to Coach, and Rick is the only guy who probably would  never go back on his word. We have you two, the only two people who aren't drinking the cool aid and in  the cult, and we have Dawn, whitt me, and me over here. We have the five of us voting Edna-- this would be my plan. Five of us voting Edna-- Jim approached me and Sophie and told us, listen, I have  a plan, get rid of Edna. And he j.d. drew up something that was pretty creative and outside the box, so to speak. I need to entertain Jim's offer because I have a much better plan than  anything he could offer me right now. I kind of like the bucket. Yeah, right. I think Dawn, even though she doesn't seem as overtly dangerous as Jim is, is  maybe more dangerous than him in a lot of ways because she's more likable,  and she's somebody that's slowly but surely eking her way into our alliance. Okay, got it? Yeah n[1]one  blue shirt. Minus coconut. I've always seen myself as a person that can bring together different types  of people. So for me, it almost couldn't be better at this stage to be that kind of  person because I’m probably a good person to try to get myself in with the  former Upolu tribe members and see if there's some wiggle room there. It's just a matter of whether I can hang on long enough. Jim, I can beat Jim in a lot of those type challenges. We shouldn't worry about this. Albert, he's getting nervous. He's thinking a lot right now about switching up the game and I think those  are important things to think about in general "Survivor" strait  snee. But i'd like to stay pretty ridge wide the plan. I'd rather get rid of Jim. Hey, man. Just because there's a greater chance of people gravitating towards Dawn. We're in the jungle here. So I think an analogy to the animal kingdom would be suffice at this moment. You have Jim bow who is like a rhinoceros that just comes charging in  straight towards you. And then you have somebody like Dawn. She's the serpent on the snake. They come sneaking through the grass. I have to make sure I have my stuff just in case. Today at the challenge, Dawn was getting most cheers. People are starting to genuinely like Dawn so I see Dawn as a snake and Jim a  rhinoceros. They can both kill you but hopefully we'll send the right person home tonight. Jeff: So, Coach, given today's challenge and the fact that everybody sat out,  except for Dawn, Jim, and Whitney, is it fair to assume that since Whitney  has immunity it is Dawn or Jim going home tonight? Yes, absolutely. Jeff: Sophie, is it fair to say that if you had to pick one, that Jim is  maybe more of a threat in challenges than Dawn? I think they both have their niches. Dawn has shown herself to be really strong but if I was choosing a roster, I would  choose Jim every time. Jeff: Albert, if you had to choose, would it be fair to say that Dawn may be  the more likable person? Yeah, I think it's very fair to say Dawn is the more likable, and she's also  a tough cook nechallenges. I mean, she's proven that she might be the strongest female player on the  season. So, you know, that within itself bearaise pretty imposing presence. Jeff: Dawn, for as frustrating as it is to you and Jim and Whitney, is it  fair to say this is what this tribe should do? No, it's what we would have done as Savaii, also. Although, I don't think I would have eaten the foot today to be honest. I really did see this as one tribe so that was hard for me to watch them eat. Jeff: Brandon? I love you, Dawn, but you told us you would want to stay up there as long as  possible so we could eat. For sure, for sure. You just contradicted what you said. No, I’m just saying it was hard for me. That's all I’m saying. I don't buy it. I mean, that's why Savaii tribe, excluding Cochran, is going to be picked off  just as exactly as they think they're going to be picked off. We're trying to be nice about it, but sometimes it just gets on your nerves. I'm not sure I understand what you were saying they had said. I'm sorry. I think it's just a miscommunication. I don't think it is. Just like she said they would have done the same thing with us but it would  have been a lot more ruthless. No, Brandon, that's not true. They're being nice because they have to. It was like I’m so excited that you guys got to eat. I was happy you got to. Dismen I can't believe they ate. That doesn't make sense. That doesn't add up to me, either you are okay that we ate-- do you get what  you're saying. But I was just saying it was hard for me. That's it. I'm sorry. Look at my. Because I apologize if i've offended you. I forgive you, I do. I mean it. I've been genuine and I really do want to get to know you gites and I understand  that you're a majority and that's the way the game goes. I can promise you, jeff, none of us are going to stop until that whole Savaii  tribe is completely... Jeff: Whitney what, do you make of all this, because  you're safe tonight but tomorrow you become potentially vulnerable again. Oh, totally. Will feel like we definitely have been vilified but yet I feel like i've  played this game just as honestly as they have. And I get what Dawn was saying. It was just hard because we're hungry, too, but we have to fight for our  lives, and you all don't have to do that. Jeff: What has made you emotional? Suddenly you're-- I feel like i've been completely vilified, and they-- they  don't even accept as, like, real people. We were painted as bullies. I never once was a bully. It's hard to take. I'm not a bad person. Jeff: Brandon, is it hard for you to see Whitney crying? Absolutely. I don't want to see Whitney cry. I have nothing personal against anybody but at the same time we were excluded  until we got power. Then we were the villains. I mean, I don't mean to make you cry, but it's-- it's-- it's a no-brainer for  me. Jeff: All right, let's get to the vote. Whitney, you have immunity. I don't have to ask. I know you're not giving it up. It is time to vote. Rick, you're up. Rick, you're up. Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has the hidden immunity idol and you want to play it now would be  the time to do so. Okay, once the votes are read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Edna. Edna. Two votes Edna. Edna. Three votes Edna. Jim. Jim. Three votes Edna, two votes Jim. Jim. We're tied. Three votes Edna, three votes Jim. Jim. That's four votes Jim, three votes Edna. Jim. That's five votes Jim. Tenth person voted out of "Survivor:South Pacific," Jim. That's six. That's enough. You need to bring me your torch. Jim, the tribe has spoken. You will have a chance to get back in this game. Grab your torch, head to Redemption Island. Good luck. A lot was said tonight, and the big question is was anything revealed that  might help Dawn or Whitney? We'll find out. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, captioned by media  access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our  next episode. Jeff: Next time on "Survivor": Albert makes a big move. My only real chance to win this game is to secure every Savaii vote. Jeff: But Coach is on to him. If anybody goes against the family, they're dead. Jeff: At Redemption Island Ozzy lies in wait. I'm here eating the best protein possible, exercising every day, making  myself stronger. What's up, fellas? There he is. What up, dude? I'm sad. You know, I think I played a great game. I think I positioned myself very well for the million dollars, and it's still  a shot. But it doesn't feel like as good of a shot as I had three days ago. I hate to say I told you so. I thought we were supposed to be in the final three.