<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor":  Since the merge, Kim has brought the women together to take control of the  game, sending three men in a row to the jury. Troyzan was next in line, but played a hidden immunity idol to save himself. I'm not going to join that group. Jeff: All right. Unable to find a second idol, he decided to fake one. I start acting like i'm zipping something up, letting them think i have an  idol. Jeff: At the immunity challenge-- Troyzan wins immunity. Yes! Jeff: Troyzan won. Yes, yes, yes! Jeff: And was safe from the vote. Don't [ bleep ] with me. Jeff: Troyzan tried to flip the game in his favor. What's to stort you and Tarzan and Christina getting rid of a strong person? Troy is on to something. It's something i have to think about. Jeff: At tribal council, Troyzan continued to try to change the vote. Kim, Chelsea, Sabrina and Kat. Those four can do whatever they want. I told these guys you can go from getting voted out tonight, Tarzan, getting  voted out tonight, Leif, getting voted out tonight to guarantee yourself  being at five if they would vote Kim out. Jeff: In the end, the women stuck with Kim and continued their dominance over  the men. Tenth person voted out, the fourth member of our jury, Leif. Sending Leif to the jury. Tarzan and Troyzan, it would appear you have two options-- win immunity or  find a way in. Eight are left, who will be voted out tonight? We're down to eight, and look where we are now, two boys left. So now we're in a hopeless situation unless the boys win immunities. So if i was trying to play the odds in my favor, the smartest thing i could  do is go with what the girls want me to do, rather than risk being exposed as  a person on Troyzan's side. You okay? I think he's just doing everything he can, you know? Tribal was really interesting tonight. Troy threw my name out, definitely throws me a curveball in this game, like,  i was not planning on being a target so early on. I get nervous, that's for sure. Which is fine 'cause i trust you guys. I kind of feel like tonight sealed the deal a little bit with the women's  alliance. I think that everybody feels kind of married to our alliance, locked in, so i'm  just trying to stay calm and keep everybody happy and hopefully get rid of  troy by the next tribal council. Right now, i'm on my own. I mean, there's Tarzan, but he's not with me. So i still feel like i'm, you know, one man against all the women. And Tarzan. They think i have an idol that i haven't played, so that will be to my  advantage. But right now, i need to win every single immunity, one man versus all the  women. Bring it on. All right. Tree mail! Yeah. It looks like it could be a reward. All right. "it's not physical exertion, earning reward today. Your powers of perception will help you get away." are we gonna have to  choose people? I'm hoping whoever wins get to take another person on a reward, and i think  it's just time for me to be able to go on something. You're picking me, right? Yeah. I think i have a great relationship with Kim, so if i win i can pick Kim, and  if she wins she can pick me. Wins she can pick me. Jeff: Come on in, guys! I have crazier hair than that. Jeff: All right, you guys ready to get to today's reward challenge? Yes. Yes. Jeff: Here's how it works. You're going to answer a series of questions about your tribemates. I'll then tally the results. For the challenge, your job is to try to guess what the group said as a whole  to each question. That may differ from what you said individually. Each time you get one right, you get to chop another tribe member's rope. After three chops, your very life-like "Survivor" doll will fall  into the fire and your chances in this challenge will go up in smoke. Last person left standing wins reward. Want to know what you're playing for? Yes. Jeff: The winner will be taken have a helicopter to a beautiful island where  you will enjoy a picnic. Oh! Wow! Jeff: Everything you need to have a nice afternoon and get some food in your  belly. Worth playing for? Yes n. Yes! Jeff: All right, we'll get started. Okay, i have tallied the results remember, you're looking for the consensus. First question, "hodoes not deserve to still be here?" everybody  reveal. Wow, we're all across the board. Correct answer, the group saitd person who does not deserve to still be here  is Christina. Kim got it right. Chelsea got it right. Troyzan got it right. Christina, that is a big slap in the face, isn't it? It is. I don't know why. Jeff: Troyzan is first up. Kat gets the first hit. No words at all. You know, troy, you know. All right. Jeff: Chelsea hits Tarzan. Next question, "who would you trust with your life? Everybody reveal. Correct answer is Kim. Oh, Kimbo. Jeff: Christina got it right, Chelsea got it right, Alicia got it right. Chelsea. Jeff: Chelsea, took her first hit from Christina. Chelsea gives her second hit to Troyzan, and with that, Troyzan first one out  of this challenge. Aaah, my ass. This is my island! And now he's part of the island. It's ashes. And he's become the molecular substrate of this island so he does belong on  this island. Jeff: Evidence just getting ready to say that. Next question, "who most needs a wake-up call in life?" i hate that  question. Jeff: Everybody reveal. Oh, my God. Jeff: Everybody sad Kat except Kat. Kat said Christina. Come on, man. Jeff: Correct answer, Kat. Most needs a wake-up call. Oh, no. Jeff: Tarzan takes his second hit. One hit away from being out of this challenge. Chelsea takes her second hit. Chelsea is now one hit away from being out. Love you. Oh! I'm feeling the love. I'm feeling it. Jeff: Tarzan is out of the challenge. It's nothing person. No! Jeff: Sabrina takes her first hit. Christina takes her first hit Chelsea is out of the game. Next question, "who is the biggest poser?" oh, i don't know. [ laughs ]. Jeff: Everybody reveal. Wow! Jeff: Everybody says Troyzan except Alicia who said Christina. What? Jeff: Christina you get an answer every time. How am i a poser? Jeff: Correct answer is Troyzan. Kat got it right, Kim got it right, Sabrina got it right. Oh, my God, Kim! Jeff: Sabrina takes her second hit. Kim takes her first hit. I didn't even knock out one! Jeff: Alicia takes her second hit. Next question, "who does the least for their tribe? This is hard. Jeff: Everybody reveal. Correct answer is Sabrina. Kim got it right, Christina got it right, Alicia got it right. Oh, have mercy! Sorry, Kat. What? What did i do to you? Jeff: Kat is down to her last. That's ridiculous. You guys are crazy. Whatever? Jeff: Alicia knocks Kat out of this challenge. Kim heads to Sabrina, and Sabrina is up on the of the challenge. Oh! What gets me is i can see the little skeleton that just hangs on there. Jeff: Next question, "who would you most like to be stranded with on an  island?" Kim says herself. Christina says Troyzan. Unfortunately, Christina, the correct answer was Kim. Qim got herself right, and Alicia got it right. Out of nowhere, starting to dump rain. Alicia didn't even hesitate. And with that, Christina's shot at winning this challenge goes up in flames. We are down to two. Next question, "who do you hope to never see again after the game?"  oh, my God. Jeff: Reveal. Both Kim and Alicia say troyian swran. Kim you have two chops left, Alicia you have one, that means if you're both  right, Kim wins this challenge. Correct answer, Troyzan. Kim, take your last shot. Alicia's out of this challenge. Kim wins reward. Ya, Kim! Jeff: Kim, nice job. Thank you. Jeff: You're going to be picked up in a helicopter, taken to a nice,  beautiful beach, where you'll have a picnic lunch. Choose one person. To go with you. Oh, wow. Alicia. Thank you. Jeff: Kim if huone more choice would it be an easy one? No it would be really, really hard. Let's make it difficult because you have one more choice. I'm sorry. Chelsea. Really? Wow! Are you serious? Oh, my God. I'm going to cry. Thank you. I'm sorry. This girl never eats, Kat, and you know it. I think it's pretty revealing. Jeff: Who she chose? It shows exactly where everyone stands, exactly. Kim and Chelsea and Alicia are the top dogs. These guys are at the bottom. Sorry. I'm not saying that to save myself. That's just the way it was. Hmm. Jeff: You guys grab your stuff. The bird is waiting for you. I'm sorry. Whatever. I planted a few seeds. So they start to think like, maybe i really am on the bottom. And now i'm going to really toy with their minds. Whooo! Oh, my God! Oh, my God. It's like a ride. Dude, this is awesome. Glad y'all are here with me, no one else i wanted to bring. I've never been on a helicopter so helicopter ride definitely one of the top  10 things i've ever done. It was very, very cool. We saw beautiful waterfalls. This is so crazy. It was like a roller coaster ride. We were loving the whole like swoop thing, swoop down by the waves. Oh, my God! And then of course to come here with two of my friends can the game, i don't  know if it hates any better. The reward was awesome, but i can't decide if i'm enjoying it or not. The hard part, i feel like a lot of people probably went home feeling really  cruddy. You couldn't take everyone, like-- the one who got a beating was Christina. We're going to have to do some damage control with our alliance when we get  back. [ laughs ] the food was incredible and i'm trying to camp out but it's really  hard. Mostly i'm scared right now nou with what happened with the reward challenge. This literally could be the day the tide turns for me. You know troy is back at camp going, everybody loves Kim." it's a  disaster. So, i took it really personal because i'm hungry, too, and i hate when Kim  made that comment, "she's hungry." what is that supposed to mean  she's hungry? We're all hungry. And troy with his comment. That's not true. You're not grasping it. That's not the truth. You think it's about food. Kat, Kat, this isn't about food today. It's strategy. Because of the reward and the fact that Kim went off with Chelsea and Alicia,  it gave me the opportunity to speak to five people i normally wouldn't have a  chance to sit down and powwow with. Right now, why aren't you there right now? I don't know, and i'll deal with it when she gets back. And when you can put fear in these people's head you're one step ahead. Hey, people, i'll play with your minds all the time. Kat, you gotta grasp, like, what's going on. You think you're in the know, when you're actually not. And i'm not saying this, you know, because i'm some guy on the outs. You need to wake up. No, you need to relax. No, you need to wake up. Wake up and smell the coffee because you're not. You're all pissed off-- get mad. You should get mad. Because those girls are take advantage of you and you're starting to realize  it and you're getting pissed off. I'm pissed because Kim didn't take me, and i'm pissed because i have to  listen to Troyzan about, like, i'm a follower and i don't make any decisions  for myself and Kim is the lead player. I don't believe that. The two people she feels like are not going to fold she kept here. I know, and i have to deal with it, and i don't want to. Listen, listen, listen. Troy was making me so angry. I'm sick and tired of him saying that. It's like he says they're the final three. Like, like i-- not true. Don't let him get in your head. My fear is i don't want to go down as a weak player, and i'm going to do  everything i can to make sure that's not the case. And if that happens and it means me having to vote Kim out, fine. I'm trying to extract as much as i can out of Christina. All right. Kat needs to be soothed. She's a hot mess right now. But right now, troy is very savvy. If anyone can go through this daily gameall the way and win every last single  challenge, it's him, hands down. What would be your master plan, troy? Kim can win just as much as me. Okay. Everyone likes her. Chelsea is right next to her. Right now, i'm the sitting duck, but if you guys want me to give you a vote,  i'll give you a vote. We just need one girl to turn. The truth is, Sabrina, i mean, it's either me, you-- i mean, you know,  whatever is going on, so we have to think of another option. Oh, yeah. Obviously, i'm not on troy's side, but the main reason i put it out there, i  wanted to see who was easily swayed. Christina within seconds of me even proposing it "i think that's a good  idea." she sways like the wind. I don't trust her at all. Hey, wow. That was quick. Yes, it was. Want to sit here? Oh. I don't want to talk about it right now. When Kim came back, there's a lot of things that were going through my mind  that i didn't know if those remember seeds that troy put there, or if those  were just ridiculous ideas that were making me feel differently about Kim. Kat, you want salad? No. I was just-- i was devastated. And i didn't have anything to say to her. Will you please come talk to me, please? Do not be mad. I'm furious. I know. I'm furious. Like, that-- do you want me to talk first or do you want to talk? Go ahead. I don't have anything to say. This is what i wanted to tell you. Kat, i adore you. You're one of my very favorite people here. We're playing a game for $1 million. I was planning to take you this morning. It wasn't about the reward it was just about being picked because everybody  here thinks of me as a follower player like Christina because of that pick  today. Well, it's not easy for me today, either. This is my worst day out here and it shouldn't be, and i'm not throwing  myself a pity party. I'm telling you this is literally the worst thing that happened to me since  the game started that i won the freaking challenge today. I wish i didn't win it. Why would you wish you didn't win the challenge? It's not a fun position to be it in. All i'm asking you to do right now is have a bigger picture perspective. Like i-- you know, i think my choice to not choose Kat today was the first  decision i have made that was not strategic, and i think i'm paying for it  now. Oh, my God. Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Are you serious? Do we kill it? No. Oh, shoot! We have to shoot that thing. Are you kidding? All right, we need a rope. We're all around the campfire, and i just kind of glance over and this giant  pig, i mean 160, 170-pound pig goes walk right across the path. I'm like is this an illusion? Am i seeing what i'm really seeing? What the hell? Troy! He need an axe, Christina. An axe. We're getting ready to cook rice-- okay, okay. Okay, we're sitting down enjoying rice, and we see a freaking big-ass pig  come back. Like bacon and ham. You all want some pig? Kill the pig! You can redeem yourself, troy. Kill the pig. I join in for fun's sake, just to give myself a laugh. But then i start thinking how foolish does this look. Like, these girls are all running around, chasing a pig, and not knowing what  the hell they're going to do with it once they catch it. Troy, get it from behind. Oh! Oh, my God. [ screaming ] no! No! They think, like, we're going to kill it in five minute and cut a leg off and  have ham sandwiches all around. It just goes to show you the intelligence of my tribe i have no experience  with catching pigs, but the pig coming into camp is awesome for me right now. It breaks tension and i can already feel, like, walls coming down. The pig is cute. I'm sorry, i'm not killing that pig. We could definitely keep it as a pet. [ laughter ]. Jeff: Come on in, guys! You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge. Yes. Yes. Jeff: First things first, Troyzan, i will take it back. Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you will slide down a slippery course, grabbing rope  rings along the way. Once you have your ring, you must land it on a hook. First person to finish moves on to the next round. Last person left standing wins immunity, one in seven shot at winning this  game. Losers, tribal council, somebody going home. We'll draw for spots. We'll get started. All right, here we go. We've drawn for spots. First round. It is Chelsea taking on Alicia. The winner of this round moves on to the next round. Getting lubed up. That oil is going to help you get down this course quickly. Here we go. Survivors ready? Go! You've got to hit it harder than that. Both are going to come up short. Alicia trying to run on this. Chelsea slip-sliding on it. It's not easy. Oh, oh, oh! Jeff: Now it's a ring toss. First one to land it moves on to the next round. Looking to move on to the next round and have a shot at immunity. Got to hit it here oh! Just missed it. Chelsea trying to strategize. Chelsea nails it. Chelsea moving on to the next round. Nice job. Jeff: Next round we have Kat taking on Sabrina. Survivors ready? Go! That's how you do it. Sabrina right to the ring. She is up and heading to the end while Kat is still tentatively trying to get  to it. Sabrina with an early lead. She can do it with one shot but she's short. Kat still nothere. Now Kat takes her first shot. Kat nails it. Kat moves on. Next round we have Troyzan taking on Tarzan. Battle of the 'swrans. Winner moves on. Loser is out. Survivors ready. Go Tarzan launches hard. Troyzan comes up a little short. Go, go, go. Crawl, crawl, crawl. Jeff: Troyzan takes his first shot, misses. Take your time. Take your time, Tarzan. You got it, baby. Jeff: Tarzan just misses, opening the door for Troyzan. Do it! Jeff: Troyzan can win it right here. He just misses. Hurry, go. Tarzan, you can totally do this. Tarzan it's your game. Tarzan really taking his time and it pays off. Tarzan moves on. Troyzan is out. No shot at immunity. Next round, we have Christina taking on Kim. Winner moves on. Have fun, girls. Jeff: Survivors ready? Go! Slide! Jeff: Kim launches hard. Comes up short. Christina barely gets down the course. Kim not messing around, making quick work on her knees. Christina is very slow. This is ridiculous! Jeff: Kim nails it. Kim moving on to the next round! Troyzan's so pissed. Jeff: All right, second round. We've drawn for spots. It is Chelsea taking on Kat. Take your spots. For the second round, there are two rings to gather, and two rings to hook. The winner moves on to theifiable round. Survivors ready? Go! Kat launches herself. Down the course. Kat scrambling for the two rins. Kat shuffling along the course. Come on! Jeff: Got to stick both rings. It doesn't Matter which hook. Any hook will do. Chelsea withher first shot lands her first ring. Kat lands her first ring. Chelsea lands her second ring? Good job! Jeff: Chelsea moving on to the finals. Next two. Tarzan now hitting on Kim. The winner moves on to the final against Chelsea. Survivors ready? Go! Kim with a big launch. Once again, using the knee strategy, and it's working. Kim flying down the course. In with a big lead right out of the gate. Kim hooks her first ring. Takes Tarzan a while to get here. And he appears to be in no hurry even now. Kim nails it. Kim moves on to the final. Oh, yeah, that's fine with me. Jeff: For the final round, it is Chelsea taking on Kim. Let's go, ladies! Jeff: You've got to hook three wings this time. Winner wins immunity. Is safe tonight at tribal council. Survivors ready? Go. Chelsea versus Kim. Both launch themselves down the course. Kim with a bit of a lead. But she's got a strategy that's been proven to work. Kim's on her knees. Chelsea sort of shuffles. Kim with her first shot, misses. Chelsea just misses. Kim has one hit on and then bounces off. Chelsea hooks her first ring. Kim hooks her first ring. Kim hooks her second ring. One ring left. Only way to guarantee you see tomorrow is to have immunity tonight. Kim does it! Kim wins immunity! You earned it, Kim. It's all you. Jeff: First individual immunity win, 30 days in, guarantees Kim will see day  31. As for the rest you, somebody going home tonight. I know it will be an interesting afternoon. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. I'll see you at tribal. Congrats. Today was just complete, utter disappointment, losing like, boom. I was bummed out. But part of me said troy, don't let yourself get so far down where you think  it's over-over. You're still standing. You still have a chance to speak. You know what the odds are. Well, i know what they are. You don't. [ laughs ] they must think i have a hidden immunity idol. I'm surely going to split the vote. Never, never say die. Not in "Survivor." this is what i'm thinking, if for some reason he  plays the idol, we throw two votes to Christina. She's used to seeing her name written down. I think it's been happening to her the whole game. She knows everybody is not crazy about her. Anybody else is going to flip. Right, right. And everyone else votes for troy. Troy, we don't know if he has an idol so we have to split the vote but i'm  getting tired everyone is telling me what to do. No one thinks i'm one running the show. Everyone thinks Kim is. Like, i can't make a decision for myself? Like, what is this? It's frustrating for me. And i don't know what to do. So how are we going to do the votes? And if you just want to confirm it with them we're fine. You're splitting. Yeah, me and Tarzan know to vote for you, but it's not you, okay? We're just putting it out there. But you're not going home. You're not sure if he has the idol. Right. And then the rest of us will vote for troy. Okay. The plan tonight is to split the vote and i'm going to stick with Kim's plan  so i let Christina know we're going to vote you and you're not going home. I should have just thrown out another name. I don't want her to feel bad because people do not forget how you make them  feel. The reason we did it, you're not surprised seeing your name once, twice,  whatever. You're not going home tonight at all. I don't think she processed it enough, i may be going home if he has the  immunity idol but she was fine with it. She's going to? Yeah, she said not to, like, freak out. Are you ok with that? If i got a couple of votes, all hell would break loose. But you know what, Christina's i.q. is probably a 0. I don't know if that even exists. I mean, i'm a special ed teacher, so i handle Christina as one of my  students, and she's going to do whatever we tell her to do. And if troy pulls out an immunity idol, Christina's going to go, and she has  to go, then she has to go. It ain't my name, so i don't care. How are you feeling? I'm feeling fine. Yeah. Yeah, i hope that you feel fine. You always feel like you don't know what's going on with the girls and stuff. I'm always, like, scared. That's why i'm always trying to figure out what's anything on with them and  figure out their placement and stuff. You know how they're saying there's strategy behind why those girls went the  three of them, and everything? If you think about it, you know, you have two. You have Kim, and then you have Chelsea. I don't trust the girls 100%. So that's why i entertain the idea of Troyzan's proposal because it makes-- it  makes sense. Kim won, you can't vote for her. I never put your name down, just to let you opinion [ laughs ] if you vote Chelsea,  i'll vote Chelsea. Okay. Christina said she would vote for Chelsea, but i don't think anybody else  would vote for Chelsea. So now i'm going to have to try to somehow figure out who they're splitting  this vote with, and i'm going to have to vote for that person. I mean, they're obviously going to split vote because they don't know what  the hell is happening. But i don't think anybody knows how they really can split this vote. They can probably split it, and then there's the possibility-- because i  heard my name's going to be written down and everything. And-- when Christina said who they're going to split the vote with-- i'm like,  great. That's easy. I started thinking about the vote, how it could go. I need three people to just vote for Christina and then, boom, i can be the  fourth. And it can be a miracle. Seriously. Boom. All of a sudden, Christina's, like, gone, and that would be beautiful. If we all do what we said we'll do, troy will go home tonight. Nobody change their minds. The plan is tonight to give troy five votes and Christina two. I think splitting votes is always hard because you don't know who is with you  and who is not so you have five people voting for troy. If two flip, all of a sudden, troy's back in the game tonight. Well, buddy? Well, i'm still up for grabs today. You're not necessarily going home. I won't believe Troyzan is going home until the moment he stands in front Jeff  and Jeff snuffs his torch. You can consider changing your mind about who you're voting for. Don't go with Kim and Chelsea. He's, like, full of craziness and surprises. I mean, he's just playing so hard. Who knows what's about to happen? Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Jonas, Michael, Jay, and Leif, voted out at the last tribal council. So, started as men versus women. It certainly appeared yet again today still be men versus women. Is that where we're at, Troyzan? Are you in trouble because you do not have the necklace? Oh, yeah. It's still all the women, plus Tarzan. And i'm not wearing the necklace, so we'll see if the "Survivor" God  are out there. You never know. Jeff: Sabrina, if it is men versus women. There are six of you. Has there been much talk about who is number six? Who is number five? I wouldn't say amongst all six of us. It's been dropped since at a two, day 10, day 19. Jeff: So Christina,you what that means, right? What she said is i don't think all six of us have talked about it. You know, i know there are conversations with other people, and no one is  really clear about who is the top five, top four, top three. Jeff: Chelsea, agree with that? No, i feel like this game started so fast, that people were thinking out top  three on day one. But sometimes the people who think are going to be your top three get voted  out. People change their minds and flip-flop. Things change. Jeff: Troyzan, that sounds like the kind of answer you want to hear. That tells me she's not completely 100% with her alliance. Jeff: Christina, why are you here? Why am i here? Because i'm one lucky girl. That's why i'm here. Jeff: Alicia, why are you laughing? I find it funny that was her answer because when we had the reward challenge  the general consensus was Christina doesn't deserve to be here. Jeff: Christina, what did that feel like? Well, that really hurt my feelings. I think what happened in the begin is no one really got a chance to get to  know me. Jeff: But this challenge was just two days ago. Right, i get that. Jeff: And that's important, Christina, is a jury will decide who wins, and  the jury here of the people still in the game, think you don't deserve to be  here. I think i deserve to be here just as everybody else. I-- but i think the general consensus was you didn't have any strategy  throughout the game. I have been strategizing throughout the game. I just don't talk about it because the whole game is about deception and  outwit, outplay, outlast. Jeff: Troyzan, once again, more good news for you. Now Christina has to defend herself to Alicia, one of the six women in her  alliance. Oh, yeah. Everyone knows Christina's on the bottom. They'll never admit that. But it's just funny to listen to these ladies that don't really say everything. Jeff: Let's talk about the reward challenge. Troyzan, you were pretty vocal at what you thought was going on. Of course. There are six girls saying, i believe everybody, and we're all believing  everything, and we're all just happen campers here's." if you guys are  crazy to believe everybody, guess what, i have ocean-front property in kansas  i'll sell you. Jeff: I'm from kansas. There is no ocean-front property. Exactly. Jeff: Kim, were you encouraged at all having to pick people to go with you,  which meant other people were left out? Yeah. I mean, absolutely. It was kind of a little bit of a nightmare. There were a lot of people back at camp. And, you know, troy's a brilliant guy. He knows exactly what to say. He's really smart. And he's good at getting into people's heads. Jeff: Kat, you were heartbroken that you weren't chosen. Why? I think it was because of the comment troy made about Kim Alicia and Chelsea. That's the top three right there. And i thought am i a weak player? Am a follower? Am i so far up kelsey and Kim's ass that i can't make a decision for myself. I don't want to go down as a weak player or a follower. So he got to me. Jeff: Troyzan as we get ready to vote, it's pretty clear it's you or somebody  else. Your job today was to make it somebody else. How are you feeling right now? I feel pretty good. Jeff: All right, cannot vote for Kim. Everybody else is fair game. It is time to vote. Chelsea, you're up. I am hoping that you get a lot of votes please, go home Jeff: I'll go tally  the votes if anybody has the hidden immunity idol and you want to play it,  now would be time to do so. Okay, once the votes are read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Chelsea. Troy. Troy. Troy. That's three votes troy. One vote Chelsea. Christina. Christina. That's two votes Christina. Christina. We're tied. Three votes Christina, three votes troy, one vote Chelsea. One vote left. 11th person voted out and the fifth member of the jury, troy. You need to bring me your torch. Do it. Do it. Jeff: Troyzan, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Well, it has been the mission of this group to get rid of Troyzan. Mission accomplished. Now what? Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, captioned by media  access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our  next episode. Jeff: Next time on Survivor. Tarzan is the last man standing but can the women keep it together? I am so mad right now. Definitely enough reason to vote off Kat. Sabrina has no idea that her ass is on the line. That's why a blindside is so great. Everyone is wanting Kat out next. Sabrina first. From here on out, it's going to be a cat fight. The last 11 years i've been thinking i'm going to get on "Survivor"  and my only objective is to be the winner and i'm a bit sad that i didn't  reach my goal. Definitely the odds were against me. It was seven on one. But i did what i could do. I played exactly who i am. The fans out there i know are going to love my game and they will appreciate  it.