<br/>The girls were like women power. I just found the idol. I can't get over how much fun i'm having doing this. Don't hate me because i'm eating peanut butter in the shower. Jeff: Howould you trust with your life? The correct answer is Kim. I just don't know if i'll ever feel safe. If i can take every immunity from hereon out, i will. Jeff: Kim wins immunity! Kim wins immunity! Kim wins immunity and a guaranteed spot at the final tribal council. [ applause ] Jeff: Happy mother's day, and welcome to the "Survivor: One  World" live reunion show where Kim has just won a million dollars. [ applause ] so, you know, you dominated the game, the latter half physically. You won four individual immunities, which puts you in the company of jenna  mir aska who did in the amazon and kelly wigglesworth who did it in the first  season. No many people have won that much. Wasn't the key to your winning purpose that were the big moves for you? I think my biggest move was just getting to really know each person upon i  think if you go and win all the challenges you can't get any vote at the end  if you don't have a personal connection on almost everybody on the jury. Jeff: Who voted for Kim? Jay, do you agree with that, about the connection part of it? Oh, yeah, 100%. If you saw everybody said, "i trusted Kim. I trusted everything she said." so that personal connection, we just all  ate it. Jeff: To me, the big move was-- well, yeah, okay, you believed it because i  thought the big moves were getting guys to vote guys out. I mean, that's what everybody on the street was saying to me. "what are the guys doing?" you knew as this was happening, right,  that this is money if i can get them to give up somebody. Definitely. I mean the guys had to go. Once we merged back, it was like we had to get rid of Jonas. And i felt like if we could get rid of one more guy it could be all women to  the end. Jeff: Matt, early on, you let Colton convince you guys to get rid-- you gave  up immunity. I wasn't a part of that. That was something that these guys did after i left. Jeff: Oh, you were gone? How can come host this show? [ laughter ] [ applause ] mike. Mike, you let Colton convince you to give up immunity! In all fairness, i thought i was going home that night. I thought the guys had a clever little plan, go to tribal council, and get  rid of mike. Jay and i were the only ones who did not want to go. We did not want to go. It took a last-minute decision for us to go. It was a bad decision. I wish i had stuck to my guns and said no. Jeff: Tarzan you saw this coming, the minute the guys started giving people  up it was a downward spiral. Yeah. Jeff: Did you have a plan because you were a big part of that. What was your thought that you might have a shot to win it at the end, even  though you were responsible for getting rid of half the guys on the jury? Well, subliminally, i basically -- that word i know. [ laughter ]. Come up with another one. I can't think of another one. Was there a plan because that was one of the questions with you is-- yeah, i  had a plan. I think i was the primary plot nert beginning and coalesced the guys into the  codry of five and used Colton as a shield. Of course, Colton took cred for it, but i used Colton as a shield. Take-- taking out Bill was not a stupid move. If you knew how complicated the game was. Jeff: So you knew what you were doing. I think so. [ laughter ]. Jeff: Chelsea, what is it about ciem you know, when we did the challenge  where you have to say good things about people or bad things. Christina took some of the bad. Kim got all the good. It was who do you want to be stranded with? Who do you hope to stay in touch with? Who do you trust with your life? What is it about her that you guys picked up on? I think she is extremely endearing. She has a very soft spoken graceful way about her. When she talked to you, she looks through you and says, "it's me and you  to the endment. Luckily, she was being honest with me, so... Jeff: Sabrina, what is it about  women? Because the women were able to stick together, and the guys weren't. The guys at the merge were even, again, and once again, the women talked them  into giving somebody. I don't know if it's because we're nice-looking women they just fell for it. We were a mess at the beginning. And then we just pulled it together, and we would have much rather play  against maybe weaker men or what they appeared to be than the stronger men. So i'm glad i gave the idol to Colton and he got rid of some of the big macho  guys and they fell apart. Jeff: Troyzan why do you think that doesn't happen more often. Typically people say they're going to stick together and they never do. The peep on the bottom realize they're on the bottom. In this group there was such trust that Alicia didn't know she was on the  bottom. Christina didn't know she was on the bottom. What was it this season? Because i think most people play in fear. Most people are at the bottom and they want to be safe. Whatever makes them feel the most comfortable. I just wanted to get to the next day as opposed to winning. And i don't know if they all knew the game that well. It's like whatever was making them feel comfortable, which was Kim, because  she's like the top dog, it's another everything's okay. And they're playing in fear and it's like they just want to feel comfortable. Whatever makes them feel comfortable. In real life you want to stay in the same house the same food the same car. I don't want to change. I don't want to make a change. I don't want to take the chance. Jeff: Kim, did you know you won? Tell the truth. No. Jeff: The last several months watching this, you didn't have a vibe? I think i initially thought i had. When i first went home i was pretty sure and as the months have gone on and  as i watched, i became pretty sure i didn't. Jeff: Jonas, what's the biggest lesson you learned if you played again. For somebody who is going to end up playing this game? You know, i would have just not tried to fly under the radar and just made  bigger moves and not been afraid to make the big-- i think what i was trying  to do is just tried to lay low too much, but in the end, that's what got me  out because Kim was playing the same game i was -- i say it all the time to  people who are on the show, people who are going to be on the show, if you're  a fan of "Survivor--" and that is probably why you're watching  this-- you have to make big moves in this game. It's almost impossible to get in without risk. The risk of making a big move is that sometimes you don't get to the end as  15 of the rest of you know. All right, when we come back, this guy up in the corner wearing green today, Colton,  one of the most controversial to ever play, we're going to talk about Colton  and the bullying that went on, along with Alicia. Plus we'll award $100,000 to the player of the season. It is the "Survivor:wond world "reunion show, and it's mother's day. Do i look okay? If i were working with somewhat intelligent people it would be so easy, but  literally, it's really hard being the leader of a bunch of idiots. It's so difficult. You can quit or jump in that fire, whichever is more convenient for you. I don't know why you don't like me. Go kill yourself. You're ghetto trash. I don't want to be around you. You're a strug ling stand-up comic. Get a real job. I am a republican, i do not believe in hands outs. I did go to a private all-white school but i did have african american people  in my life. Jeff: Who? My housekeeper. [ applause ] Jeff: Welcome back to "Survivor: One World" reunion  show. Celton, we just heard some of these. "Bill, get a real job. I do have african-american people in my life, our housekeeper. Leif, the little munchkin should go back to oz." what is it like to say  all these things and then go home and watch them? Do you own those? Are you embarrassed by them? I'm not going to blame the edit and say i was made to look that way. No, i said the things i said and i'll own that. Do i watch it and am i uncomfortable watching it? Yes. It's kind of one of those things where you see it back and you see yourself  on television. Jeff: What does you see? A very, very mean, mean person. Like-- i mean, and, honestly, i think i kind of, like, went into it, and i i  was going to play, like, the sweet little-- i had two options. I can play the southern belle, and the sweet little innocent gay kid from  south alabama or i have to be a bitch with teeth. In the end i had to go this route -- wait a second. The beginning of that answer, you can people going i'm with you. This "i had to play it this way." i didn't have to. I'm saying i think i felt i had to. When i ended up on the tribe of all men, i felt sweet and innocence out of  window. Jeff: Not going through strategy, everybody wants to know, are you-- we're  even going to get some musical accompaniment. Go for it. Give us a little drama. Come on, vanacor. Colton, Colton are you who we saw on the show which a lot of people would say  there was some racism, bigotry. Yes. Jeff: Yes, you are? No, no, i am not a racist. I am not a racist by any means. Jeff: What did your friend say? My friend, you know, they know me, and when they saw it were were like, ew,  ew, ew. It was uncomfortable for them. Jeff: What was it like to go through, you had to go on the internet and know  people think-- there's a difference between being a villain that people love  to hate and then there's a villain people just don't want to hear about  anymore. Yes, exactly, but in the same sense, when i left, everybody said it got  boring. [ laughter ] [ applause ] Jeff: All right, Bill, what do you think of his  comment? Does that-- is he a racist? Do you think those were racially motivated comments about "get a real  job?" well, i think the comment were made-- for instance, if i'm in a  game in a strategy and i'm supposed to bring people on my side, talking about  me not having a job and, you know, maybe being stricken with poverty would be  a pitch i would give the people in order to vote be? Like me off. But to call me ghetto trash when nobody is around, and say that i need to  kill myself to a camera when nobody is around, that's just out of spite. You know what i mean? That's just-- that's just mean. I think that's fair. And i think that just boils down to, like, it makes me look ignorant, more than  anything. It's kind of what troy, when he addressed that-- when he said, you're out of  your comfort zone. I was completely out of my comfort zone. Jeff: I want to go talk-- Colton's mom is here. Oh, God. [ applause ] Jeff: Come on, stand up. First of all, happy mother's day. Thank you. Jeff: What's your name? Martha. Jeff: Martha, you're brave enough to stand up here. What is it like for mom to watch this? Does this sound like Colton and is this just part of how he was raised or was  it embarrassing to you? The truth is right now i want to go up there and say, "Colton. This is not what you're suppose to be saying." but i mean -- what is he  supposed to say. We're not racist. We're not that way. And that is not the way he was raised. He is a good kid. Am i proud of the things he said? No, i'm really not. Because he-- you know, i think he was trying to play a game, and then-- and  in the end, he hurt a lot of people. And i know that that's not really who he is. I just want you all to know that i'm sorry for anybody that he offended. [ applause ]. Jeff: I can feel your body shaking. Oh! Have a seat. Thank you for that. But i do love Colton. Jeff: What's that? Colton, i do love you and i am proud of you and i'm proud you're getting to  live the dream you always wanted to live and do, but i just-- you know, just  remember that people have feelings and no Matter what you're trying to win,  the million dollars isn't worth it in the end. So just remember that, okay? [ applause ] Jeff: One thing that i think now is worth mentioning is Colton  came out of the closet when he was pretty young, and as he told me, send  immediately. He said there were no issues about being gay. Well, there were no issues as far as know-- Jeff: What i'm getting at, is it  sounds like your family is accepting of lot of things, so that was one of the  things that sort of surprised me about Colton is that he wouldn't have--  coming from that kind of love and support, that he wouldn't have the same  sort of love and support for others. Well, he doesn't have that from all of his family. So he doesn't. And -- and that will be on the Jeff Probst talk show coming up in september. You might recognize this woman from "bing bang theory." you are not  here promoting a show. You wrote me a year ago and said,"i'm a fan of the show. I would like to go to the finale when i'm in new york." yes. Jeff: What is your take on Colton. You said something earlier that made me think you don't think all this hoopla  about him is deserved. I think there's a lot of complexity to Colton. I think it's hard to hear all these things compiled and say he's fabulous but  i think there are a lot of aspects of Colton that are really fabulous. I would have liebd to see more of how it unraveled so we could see everyone  give himself his due. Jeff: His exit was a little early-- exactly. I think it would have added a lot more entertainment to what was already  entertaining about him. Jeff: Should he play again? I'd watch that. Jeff: Thanks. [ applause ] all right, you gotta be a fan of the show because you're here. I'm here. Jeff: An opinion on Colton? Great television. I mean the same way you hate russell, you hate Colton. You don't hate him as a person. You hate the character he's playing on the show. And as an audience weivate that from who these people really are. Jeff: I want to ask the audience what you just said. As a group, do we think Colton is similar to someone like russell? No! Jeff: That's what this is kind of all about, is-- and i'm not picking on you,  Colton. I want to know what people think because you've said things to me that make  me think you want to heal this and up on the stage you say things and i think  maybe not. What is it? You've heard from a lot of people now. You've got 20 seconds. Where does this sit? I'm sorry to anyone i offended. I am not a racist. It's just like my mom said. I have people in my life that don't accept me. It hurt me. I'm sorry for the people i hurt. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love everybody. Jeff: Do you love Christina? I do love Christina. I love Christina. Jeff: All right, still to come. Thank you for your support out here, guys. The sprint $100,000 prize, plus we'll tell bunext season. It's going to be great. Up next, Tarzan is a plastic surgeon! Would you let him operate on you? Plus Troyzan and Kat when we come back. [ applause ] it is raining really hard, and my hand are incredibly water  logged. I just want to sleep for one freaking night before i lose my mind. I know. I'm losing it. Like, i'm so freaking cold. The game is afoot, Jeff. This isn't offensive to anybody here if i wore, this right? I'm wearing her panties on my head. I swear to got Godit is not poop, it's dirt. Jeff: It's impressive, your vocabulary. He's bct molecular substrate of this island. We're soulmates. We have a quantum entanglement. I couldn't have put it any better. [ applause ] Jeff: Welcome back to "Survivor: One World" reunion  show. We are live in new york city. Tarzan, first of all, where did the name come from? Whose name? Tarzan? Jeff: Yeah. I inherited that when i was eight. I was in the trees and an elementary kid said Tarzan, and when i lanted and  forevermore i became Tarzan. All the way through. Jeff: The operating room is what i want to get to. I want to tell you, next to is Kat really crazy, the biggest question i got  on the show was, "Tarzany a plastic surgeon?" it's true. Board certified. And board certified in general surgery, and microsurgery. Jeff: So what did-- what did you do? What kind of surgery? I don't know what all that means? Oh, gee, i can't tell you. It would take a half an hour. Jeff: You operate on. I can tell you what i did do, i acted. Jeff: You operated on people? I did. And i'm a hell of a surgeon. Jeff: Did anybody question that watching you on the show? Did your colleagues say, Tarzan-- i can honestly say-- my wife will back me  up-- my patients loved me. I was a great surgeon and i cared about them. Jeff: So you're retired. Here's the other question-- plastic surgeons we think of money and ear we are  at an auction and i give you $500 to buy food, and you go, "you know  what? Need shocks." what-- are you just frugal? I'm pernerruous. Jeff: Of course you are. Jeff: What does pernerruous mean? I don't know. I just thought i'd say that, i made it up. Jeff: That would be great if half those words i didn't know i made up. I didn't make all those words up. Some of them did. No, i didn't make them up. It means frugal and stingy and you want to hold tight to whatever you have in  case you lose it some day. Jeff: Here is the thing that touched me as everyone knows. It was the love affair with your wife. Affair? Jeff: Your love what-- your love of your wife. My sole mate. Jeff: This is what it's like every tribal council. You get two words in. Four words back. Roll some tape. Tarzan! Tarzan! Jeff: Let's bring out your wife, terry. Terry, come on out. Oh, my God. I'm lost. Me, too, sweetie. Jeff: This is Tarzan's wife. You were on the show. You came out to visit him. And, you know, we-- we all think Tarzan is a lovable kookbut when we saw him  go down on his knee before you even starting out, everybody, including me,  was about to break into tears. What is the secret to this magical love affair you guys have? I shouldn't say the game is afoot. Jeff: No, no. People want-- when people see love, it's like what Chelsea said, "i  didn't know this existed." what is it? You guys have been together 30 years. We have care, respect, and responsibility, and we cannot lie to each other. Jeff: Really? That's the key? Yes. Jeff: Have there been times when you've had to say-- Tarzan is tearing up  right now. Have there been times when you've had to say, "Tarzan--" do you say  Tarzan to him, by the way? No. Yes. Jeff: I know sometimes you do. [ laughter ] [ applause ] and i'm sure he yells. Tarzan! Jeff: I was just going to ask, has there ever been a time when you had to  say, "i did lie and i'm going to tell you the truth now?" no,  because if he asked me if i lied, i have to say on our love, and tell him the  truth. Jeff: There you go. That's some good love advice. Have a seat, terry. Thanks for being here. On the other end of the sp spectrum, of kooky is Kat. Just remind everybody some of the antics of Kat this season. [ applause ] now, Kat, where does this-- where does this kooky energy come  from? She's falling. Jeff: You know, the whole time i was watching you out there, i was thinking,  what is wrong with this girl? You're crawling around. You have the crazy cousin. Then you give this beautiful speech about life is short. Is that what part of what allows you to be silly and not worry? You know, i-- exactly. I-- on the inside, everybody knows who i really am. Like, i love these people. So that-- my spirit comes out. And i'm always happy. In "Survivor "i kind of learned, like, you know, you try-- you be  who you are and you try not to be afraid of it. And i am 100% full on-- that's all me. It's all me. Jeff: What's the update with the heart surgery? Update, i mean, i've always been clear. Cbs made sure-- to be clear, before you do this challenge, that's very  important. So as of right now, i am healthy. I have-- i have wonderful support. And-- [ applause ] you know, i'm ready. I'm ready, Jeff. Un the deal. Jeff: Alicia, something i have to ask you about. I could roll the tape again or i could just repeat it. The comment you made to Christina like bshe's like one of my special needs  kids, when you are a special needs teacher really outraged a lot of people. What was the feedback you got? Negative. Jeff: And how did that feel? Do you regret it? Or do you think people didn't understand it? I hate that it came out that way. Because that's not what's in my heart. Jeff: What's in your heart? I love what i do. And i love my students. And seeing that and watching it, it was, like, oh, my God. I think-- there's a fine line to being-- to playing things up and doing what Colton  said he was doing. And i crossed that line by saying that comment. And i am truly sorry for offending anyone. Because that's not what i wanted to do. Jeff: Well, thanks for sharing that. And i'm guessing a lot of people understand that anybody who is a special  needs teacher has so much compassion and maybe it was just the heat of the  game and you know-- [ applause ] i'm sorry. Jeff: Who knew this show was going to be so emotional. Up next. We'll lighten it up. One of these guys is going to win $100,000, courtesy of sprint. But first, taking us to the break, they've done our music for 24 seasons, our  composers russ landau, and david vanacor, hit it! Jeff: Since wednesday, viewers have been texting and voting online for the  sprint player of the season. The honor also includes $100,000 cash prize. Colton, what do you think the odds are that you're in the running for this? I think i took it pie a landslide. Jeff: Actually, four people this season really kind of stood apart from  everybody else. I'm just going to tell you who it comes down to. Kim, Tarzan, Troyzan, and Chelsea. [ cheers and applause ] is Chelsea, it is not you. Tarzan, it is not you. Kim, it was a clean sweep. It is you. Congratulations. Another $100,000 in your pocket. Nicely done. [ cheers and applause ] so that says that not only did the jury think you  deserved it, but also the audience as well. Troyzan, it was an interesting season with you because you-- you know, you  were-- you were very outspoken, and you got kind of crazy at the end, and  some people thought you were a little over the top, and "this is my  island!" and yet, i'll tell you, on the street a lot of people said, Troyzan. I love Troyzan. What's been the reaction for you from people? [ cheers and applause ] it's been 99.9% positive. Everyone came up to me and said you played the game the best i've ever seen. Some people were comparing me to richard hatch and some of the best all-stars  of all time. And i was like, wow, really? I played 100%. I thought that i was convincing people, you know, the right thing. I mean, the people on the bottom, i'm like, "listen, it's very easy. It's easy math. Five people can go with me." i played-- you i can only play 100%. Jeff: You may have been seen as one of the best players but let's be cleared  you got outplayed by others, by Kim Leif i wondered when you were out there,  if you felt like you were representative for little people. Did you feel that pressure on the not? I definitely felt that a lot with my community. And it really hurt when i saw Colton say that about my community. It really-- really hurt a lot. But i've also had so much positive outpor-- i've just inspired so many people. Jeff: Really? So other people have come up and said-- take an adventure like this. Nice work. Real happy. I just want to say, happy mother's day to my beautiful wife. I love you, baby. Jeff: That is good directing, when an unplanned shot of wife is ready to go. Nice work. Monica, your husband, pro athlete. Your kids, from what i learned about you, really excel in everything. You're the super mom. What was it-- what was the reaction from your husband when you quiet a chance  to do something now for you? "Survivor" is a very selfish endeavor. You're away for 40 days. Such a long endeavor. And i think that was one of the things that is why you all chose me. I've kind of chased my husband through nfl and college stadiums for 12 years. And i just so wanted to get to that loved one's visit and have him come with  stars in his eyes and yell and scream and cheer for me. Jeff: When you got home were the stars in his eyes? Jeff, i'll never forget when i got home-- you know, you've been gone for so  long and you have these new friends but that smell of my husband in the  airport and that embrace is one i will cherish for the ret of my life and  never forget. I love you. Jeff: Bill, one of the things that we talked a little bit about earlier, you  know, Colton saying with get a real job, i just heard that last night, here  in new york city, you got up on stage somewhere and did some comedy and threw  it down. I did. It was-- [ applause ] ã     [ cheers ] Jeff: What was the  reaction from these guys? Because they're pretty harsh critics? I got a standing ovation from my fellow castmates and their families and friends  who came out to see me do stand-up. And it's nice to be able to-- i don't know prove yourself and show that you  work hard every day at this and you do go out there and that i-- i consider  this a craft like anything else. And i try everything-- i try as hard as i possibly can when i'm on stage. And i do it every day after work when people are sleeping, i'm out at clubs  doing things. So to validate it as a real job and as something that people do every day is  incredible. Jeff: Congrats. Thank you guys very much. Jeff: Christina, i gotta ask, you know, there was-- there was a lot of people  that felt like there was some bullying going on, from Colton and Alicia  towards you. Is that something you're used to? Did this surprise you? What did i mis? It totally surprised me. In the beginning of the game i came out really strong. I was negotiating fire. I was talking to the guys. And when Matt left, that was, like the indication to me, i cannot be myself  at all. Because him and i would say we have these personalities and i decide okay,  time to shut up. Jeff: So you took it as a strategy. Yes, of course. I mean, if i come off in any sense that i want to win the million dollars,  that's the main reason why i played this game. Jeff: Does it hurt to hear all those things or do you realize it's in the  course of the game? It's in the course of the game. We're all competitive here. I'm a salesperson. I get paid to get rejected every day. To me it means nothing. These people are good people. I'm glad i played the game and i love it. Jeff: Find out where "Survivor" is headed next. It's our 25th season. We'll be right back. Jeff: Go! Leif is like a turtle birthing out of the sand. Jeff: Well, it is hard to believe, but we are about to launch our 25th season. Take a look at where "Survivor" is headed next. "Survivor" the biggest, most thrilling game on television is also  the most grueling. Can you hear me? Russ? Are you with us? Jeff: Castaways have been pitted against the elements. Faced off versus wildlife. And have been taken to the edge of their own limits. These are burned pretty bad. Oh, my God. An infection that goes into your bloodstream is potentially fatal. Jeff: Some have paid the ultimate price, pulled from the game with one  question in their hearts -- what could have been. Next season, three castaways who were airlifted out will be given a second  shot. They'll join three tribes of new players and one of our most treacherous locations  yet, the philippines. Here, thns of islands scatter over the southeast asian sahide a dark and sinister  secret. The waters are teeming with ravenous sharks, and the land provides no refuge. Deadly snakes rule the jungles and the furious storms can break even the  strongest of spirits. This time, will the veterans survive the elements and the vote in order to  claim the million dollar prize? Or will a new castaway emerge as the sole Survivor? Find out this fall on "Survivor: The philippines." Jeff: If you  want to own a piece of "Survivor" immediately following the show  you can bid on props in the season. The web site is it's screen now. All proceeds benefit Survivor stand up to cancer where all Survivors unite  for a common goal to outwit cancer. If you think you have what it takes to do what they did, put together a three  minute video. Go to cbs.com. Kim will get her hands on the million-dollar check tomorrow afternoon live on  "the talk." you can tune in 2:00 eastern, 1:00 pacific and hear how  she became the sole Survivor. We always appreciate your loyal support. 24 seasons. 12 years. We're still going. Thank you very much. "Survivor: Philippines" coming soon, good night. Thanks, david letterman. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, captioned by media  access group at wgbh