<br/>Captioning brought to you by Survivor  productions, cbs, Jeff: 37 days ago, nine men and nine women were given one  world, and all 18 castaways lived together on the same beach for the first  time ever. You guys ready to begin an adventure that will change your lives? This is what they did. The men came into the world with bluster and arrogance, each of them obsessed  with becoming the alpha male. All of us were rosters, right, and we don't want any other roosts are around. These guys are so cocky and arrogant it's ridiculous. They're like ehud barakians. Jeff: The women defended themselves against the onslaught of testosterone by  working together cooperation and understanding. If we all just stay together, then we'll just be one, huge ball of  bad-assness. Jeff: A great plan, but initially, unsuccessful. The women lost every challenge in the first six days. Men win immunity! They also suffered at camp. I'm sorry, i'm a republican. I do not believe in handouts. Jeff: But they stuck together and chipped away at the men's dominance,  roaring back with three challenge victories in a row. The women win immunity! Things are starting to feel different. Jeff: Facing their first serious threat, the men reacted reacted with  in-fight, leading to total pand knownium. No, no. You're ghetto trash. That's all you are. I can't stand him. Jeff: Even after a victory, men couldn't stop their downward spiral. Colton convinced them to give up their immunity and head to tribal council  just so he could settle a personal vendetta. We can give the girls immunity and go to tribal council and vote out Bill. I'll have you guys know i'm completely baffled right now. Jeff: 40% voted our the "Survivor: One World," Bill. You can drop your buffs because we are switching tribes. Oh, my God. Jeff: After a tribe switch, Colton's rein of terror continued. All hail to the queen. Jeff: And he routinely berated his subject. You can quit or you can jump in that fire. Whichever is more convenient for you. I'm running this err tine show right now. If you can't see that, you are helen keller. Jeff: Colton we have toul you from the game. Please, don't. Jeff: Fate intervened and Colton was medically evacuated from the game. At tribal council-- you can drop your buffs. We are merged. A merge sent everything back to square one as the men and women were at equal  numbers. But-- when did it change and why am i the last guy to know? Jeff: The men. Ed to battle each other for the mantle of leadership. I'm out of it. Jeff: And they failed to see that their real adversary was the women's  unbreakable bond. This is never going to be the same. It's time for the guys to know where the women stand. Jeff: The woman is theically eliminated every single man, completing one of  the most successful california backs in "Survivor" history. The tribe has spoken. And now, for the first time ever, there is an all-female final five. You've done it. All the men are gone. Christina and Alicia are aligned. Sabrina and Chelsea are aligned, and everyone thinks Kim is on their side. May the best woman win. Each one of them has an equally powerful story. Sabrina, the teacher from new york. She managed to keep herself in the majority throughout the game without  making any enemies. Sometimes i can be a little loud, so my strategy was just fall back a little  bit, listen, observe, and now at the very end, that's when you go in for the  kill. Jeff: Kim, the bridal shop owner from texas. She played the ultimate strategic game but she's terrified it will come back  thiewnt her. I've been in the driver's seat this whole time are but i feel like this game  is, like, closing in on me, and i feel like if i can run just fast enough in  the perfect direction, i might make it out of this tunnel before it all  crashes down on my head. Jeff: Christina, the career consultant from california, had her name written  down countless times, but she survived every single vote. I'm not a stereotypal asian girl. I just like to go all out. I have been the ultimate underdog the whole entire process, and i'm not going  to give up now. Jeff: Chelsea, the medical saleswoman from south carolina, has a winning  smile and a close bond with the men, making her a serious jury threat. The way i was brought up is you work for everything you have, and people  respect that. I wasn't a kiss-ass. That million dollars is going to be on my mind the whole time. Jeff: Alicia, the special education teach frer chicago started the game as  the city girl with attitude who no one thought would last, but she surprised  everyone. I am one smart, confident woman. Home girl the heels from the cities killed it. Jeff: These five women worked together to get this far. Now, for the first time, they have to fight against each other to reach the  end. Find out tonight who will claim the million-dollar prize and the title of  soul Survivor. well, there's that one. There's that one. Oh, my God. It's a good moment coming back to camp tonight after tribal to, like, walk  into camp and reflect on how far we've come as women, like, from day one,  being miserable with a crappy little shelter, no fire. And to walk in with good friends and have a decent shelter to sleep in  tonight. But tomorrow i'm going to wake up and i'm going to play as hard as i can, and  that's how i plan to finish game. He told me-- he told me he knew he was going home after that. That was really funny. I got rid of Tarzan. I'm feeling a little bittersweet about it,un, because i had to get rid of one  of my powers but this is my dream come true. I always wanted it to be girls at the end. My favorite part was when Jeff goes, "well, you made it all girls. Congratulations." i was like, damn, we did. I'm very cched that Kim and i are going to stick together as well as Christina  and get rid of the next two girls, Chelsea and Sabrina. And they know it. There was no way i would have ever thought i would be sitting here at the end  and, you know, i really have to say that it's because i played one hell of a  game. &gt;&gt;. May the best woman win. I know, right. Voiula, dave 37. Only going to be a couple more days. I know, right. We're still here. We are here. We are here. We are strong. What do you think? You know who i want to get rid of. I want to get rid of Alicia but-- here's the thing. I don't know that she will get votes. Wow. What's the rhyme or reason behind that? Just people that i think will vote for her. Hmm. And there's no part of who wants to get rid of Chelsea? &gt;&gt; [ size ] it depends on what we're honoring,un, if this game has any  freaking-- honor left. Yeah, honor left, you know. Kim and i were just talking about it's just good to be here day 37, you can  believe we're here. And she looks at me and says, "what are your thoughts about getting rid  of chels ?e? Exprlly i was like, what? I thought we were tight until the end. Then again, things are never what they seem in this game. Not to say i'm entertaining it, but who would you consider in the three, if  not her? Again, it's hard not to take Christina. Literally, it's like, them against me. I would think i'm the next likable person out here. So if Chelsea wins immunity today, am i on the chopping block? It could very well be a possibility. So i just want to get my head in the challenge right now. All right. "strength, balance, and memory. This one has it all. Guaranteed spot in the final four, unless, of course, you fall." pretty  cut and dry. All righty. Would love it if Chelsea didn't win immunity. For me to have any chance of winning a million dollars, she needs to go. So, please, Chelsea, i hope you suck today. Jeff: Come on in, guys! You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge? Yes. Jeff: Alicia, you have to give up the safety. Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you will race across a balance beam maze. If you fall off, you have to go back to the start. You will then traverse across a giant rope net, collecting five bags of  puzzle pieces. You will then use those pieces to solve a puzzle. The puzzle will give you clues to three numbers. Once you have those numbers, race to the top, use those numbers to solve a  combination lock. First person to get it right wins immunity, guarantee a one-in-four shot at  winning this game. Losers go to tribal council where there is nowhere left to hide. We'll draw for spots. We'll get started. All right, here we go. For immunity and a one-in-four shot at winning "Survivor: One World."  Survivors ready? Go! First step, untie the ropes, remove the board, and get through the gate. Sabrina flying through the knots. Kim getting three thowz knots quickly. Chelsea making quick work of it. Christina in an early lead right now. Kim right behind. Kim finishes her last knot. Kim's got to get her board out. Christina has her knots done. Her board is removed. Pull that board out. Let's go! Christina and Kim are now on the maze. Sabrina is now out. She's on the maze. Chelsea has her last knot. She's got her board done, she's on the maze. Alicia is now free. All five women are the maze. Some pass will lead you to the end. Recallings are a dead end. Christina falls off. She's got to go back to the start. Chelsea appears to be in the lead, but only if this path leads to the finish. Kim falls off, gotta go back to the start. That's going to cost her a lot of time in this immunity challenge. You got to be kidding me. Jeff: Alicia now stuck. Girl. Jeff: Alicia and Chelsea very close to the end. The only way out is the white board. Anything else will be a dead en end. Kim doesn't like where she's heading. She's coming back. Another setback for Kim. Alicia's through and on to the net. Chelsea right behind. She's on to the net. Start gathering your puzzle pieces. You're looking for your color. Alicia and Chelsea collecting their bags of puzzle pieces. Chelsea working on her second. Sabrina is across the maze. She's working on her bag. Alicia, those bags you're untying are not yours. You're making it easier for other people. One color, your color. You got to be kidding me. Jeff: Alicia gave a couple of people an advantage by untying the wrong bags. Christina and Kim are across the maze. Chelsea has all five. She can start working on her puzzle. Chelsea with the early lead. There's a mash-up on these ropes, everybody trying to untie their bags. Sabrina has all five bags. She's working on her puzzle. Christina working on her fourth bag. One more to go. Kim has all five of hers. Alicia has all five of hers. This puzzle is complicated. You're still in it, Christina. This is it right here. One-in-four shot at immunity. Come on, baby! Jeff: All your concentration on this puzzle. Keep digging. Don't think about how tired you are. Chelsea starting to put the puzzle together. Kim still sorting pieces. Sabrina now working on her puzzle. Alicia has all of her piece now. She's working on the puzzle. Christina opens her last bag of pieces. You started this game together 37 days ago. One of you will live to see day 38. The other four will be vulnerable tonight at tribal council. Alicia make something progress on her puzzle. Kim making a little progress. Chelsea places another piece. She's making good progress. Sabrina struggling in this challenge. Has very little of this puzzle put together. You're killing me, Jeff. Jeff: Christina not doing much better. Alicia, Kim, and Chelsea, almost dead even right now. This puzzle will offer you clues to three numbers. Those are the numbers you need to finish and win this challenge. Kim places another piece. Kim getting closer. Chelsea gaining on Kim. Alicia now falling behind. It is Kim and Chelsea with Kim in the lead. Kim down to a few pieces left. Kim has solved her puzzle. Now she has it figure out the clues. Once you solve the clues and have the numbers, you'll make your way to the  top. If you're right, it will open the combination lock. If you're wrong, you will come back down and count again. So keep working on your puzzles. Alicia's now solved her puzzle. She's counting pieces. Chelsea still working on the puzzle. Christina and Sabrina are out of this challenge, have no shot at this point. Kim has counted all of her puzzle pieces, solved her clues, she's headed to  the top. If she's right it would be her third immunity and couldn't come at a better  time. Kim working on the combination lock. Does she have the three right numbers? No. She's trying again. Trying a different order. Wrong again. Alicia now heading up. She's counted the numbers. Chelsea finally finishes her pills. Chelsea going to start work on the clues. Will Alicia have it right? Kim trying all different variations of the same numbers but they're not  coming up. Alicia tries. She is wrong. Kim giving up, thinks her number's wrong, going to head back down. Alicia going to head back down and recount her pieces. Something is not right. This challenge is back on again. Chelsea still counting. Triple checking her work. Kim thinks she might have figured something out. Kim coming back up now. Will she have a different number. Chelsea now getting in on it. Hurry up, girl! Let's go! Alicia now coming up. Kim trying again. Still not right. It is Kim, Chelsea, and Alicia working on their combination locks. Chelsea going to give it a go. You may have the right three numbers, just got to get them in the right order. Chelsea gives it another try. Wrong again. Kim going to give it another go. Will this do it. Kim wins immunity for the third time! Guaranteed a spot in the final four. Good job. Holy moly. Good job. Good job, ladies. A freaking cow head. Jeff: Kim, come on over. For the third time, immunity. Kim is safe at tonight's tribal council, guaranteed a spot in the final four,  one challenge away from the final tribal council and getting a shot to plead  your case for the money. As for the four of you, Christina, Sabrina, Alicia, Chelsea, somebody is  going home tonight. You have the afternoon to figure out who that's going to be. I can't wait to see you at tribal council. Grab your stuff and head back to camp. Congrats. Thanks. Okay, yeah, and i'm note one to sweat, but i think that's the hardest  challenge i've had. Winning the immunity idol today, huge, but also feels funny. Ladies, i like you people. I'm glad it's us. I have so many options and things running around in my head they feel like my  head is about to explode. We'll be back. All righty. At this point in the game, every person i send to the jury is either a vote  for me or against me it's huge, every person you send home could make the  difference. Okay, this is what went through my head on the way back to camp. Take Alicia out tonight. Okay. You, me, and sabgo to theifiable three. Okay. I feel like the two big options for tonight, one would be to stick with Chelsea  and vote for Alicia. Christine sasort of a no-brainer to take to the end. My other option would be to vote Chelsea out tonight. Trust me, as much as you think i can win the game. I think total opposite. I think that much is you can win this game and you're going to. Thanks for saying that. You've played this game better than anyone else out here and i'm lucky that  you and i developed a friendship that we had each other's backs. I feel the same way. I don't feel like i've ever felt more comfortable going into tribal. Kim has had my back throughout this game. She has always been 100% honest with me. A million-dollar game, she thinks i could win it, and she still wants me to  go to the final with her. Hopefully she's not about to backstab me but i don't think that's the case. You could say you want me out of here if you talk to Alicia or Sabrina and  get them to vote for me and give me the idol and fireworks go off. At the time it seemed like such a smart thing telling chels i i had the idol. I can say sitting here today i wish she didn't know. She's expecting me to play the idol for her. I have to be so careful how i play tonight. I feel like i have all these weapons in my belt and i want to play the right  ones and not get them all out and play all of them for the hell of it. I just want to tell you that Chelsea and i just talked. Okay. Perfect. Okay. Sounds good. No more discussion. I'm done. She's probably asking her who we should vote. I definitely feel confident that Kim is 100% loyal to me. I mean, even when i sit back and sass everything, why in the hell would she  want to sit next to Chelsea and Sabrina and have all those votes just split? So i need to, look. Not be paranoid, relax, and don't overthink stuff. I got this. Who does she think it is, me? Yes. Oh, my God. I mean it's done, it's done, it's done. I believe what Kim said that she's going to vote Chelsea out and Sabrina and Chelsea  both believe it's going to be Alicia to go. Kim would be a fool not to vote for Chelsea. It would be her biggest competitor. So don't even try to work it. Just leave it be. We're totally fine. Everybody knows where everybody else stands because of me. I've told Sabrina and Chelsea what the other side is doing and Aliciaa and Christina  what they're doing and i really could go either way at this point. Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Jonas. Michael. Jay, Leif, Troyzan, Kat, and Tarzan, voted out at the last tribal council. Alicia, day 37. Five women left. Two of you will join the jury, three of you will make it to the end. What was the vibe around camp this afternoon knowing somebody was going home  tonight? I actually, you know, came back and it was quiet. I thought it was actually one of the first times that we went back that i  didn't see scrambling. Jeff: Chelsea, what was your take on how things went after you got back to  camp? I agree. It was pretty quiet today. And i think it's because the less people there are, the less people there are  to go scramble. It's easy to take one person off the side. It's gotten to the point where it's either this or that. Jeff: So even though it's quiet, it doesn't mean there's not paranoia. Right. Jeff: Because now, as you say, all it takes is a very quick comment to a  couple of people and the vote is done. Of course we're all paranoid because we see the light at the end of the  tunnel and wean we're almost there, and to leave now would just be know-- it  would suck. Jeff: So, Kim, was this a difficult afternoon? Because on one hand, you have to be celebrating the fabt that, a., i won my  third immunity challenge. You can't be voted out. And, b., you have a big vote. There are five people. And now i'm going to cut one of them loose. It was difficult. Un, you come and you say you're going to play a game and you're going to play  it with your head and you're going to play strategy. It's still hard at the end of the day. I really like all of the women i am sitting here with. And you're not just making a choice for tonight. You're making a choice for tomorrow and the next day and the jury. It encompasses a lot and it's kind of overwhelming. Jeff: Are your decisions for tonight and tomorrow already made or is tonight  one decision and tomorrow you will have to decide yet again? I mean, tomorrow i have to decide yet again because there's another immunity  challenge coming and that could change everything. Jeff: So the criteria-- loyalty, threat to win, deserves to be in the end--  all legitimate reasons to take somebody or get rid of somebody. Loyalty is huge because tomorrow if i don't win immunity, i i want to make  sure i'm not the person heading to the jury. Threat to win, that's also super scary. I mean, there's a couple of people sitting here -- hold on, let's go back to  loyalty. Obviously, everybody's been loyal because the five of you are sitting here. You got rid of the men. That can't be an easy decision. I mean, to me, it all comes down to perception and self-perception and how i  do think people see me, who i do think i can beat, what will they respect? It's tough. Jeff: Why is it tough because a lot of people would say this is the easiest  decision in the world. I pick the person i can beat. I think it's just my heart. Like, it does get in the way. Isn't that a song? You know, i think i thought that this would be easier to play heart and head  separate. Like i thought i could come and stay totally in the game and stay totally in  my head and strategize and not focus on my emotions or my relationships or  connections with people or listen to their stories and hear about them and it  becomes really hard to separate those two things. Jeff: Before we go to the vote, is there anybody here who feel they say might  need to put one more word out on the table? Alicia, feel like you've said everything you need to say to Kim about why she  should keep you tonight? Uhm, i think from day one it says it all,un, that i've been with her from day  one, so i don't even need to even go there with her. Jeff: Sabrina, last words for Kim before we vote? I'm fine. I'm good. I'm truly good. Jeff: Wow. Christina, how about you? Uhm, i've been true to every vote, and i've been loyal throughout. So i'm going to be confident in her decision. I just want to say that i know you think a lot of people are pissed off at  you on that jury, and i think the way this goes tonight, you will gain a lot  of respect. Jeff: So you're saying she has a chance to gain some respect or lose respect. Yes. Jeff: Do you feel that as well, Kim? Do you feel like tonight's decision may impact the jury and ultimately your  fate if you make it to the end? Definitely. I do think it impacts the jury, my decision tonight. But at the end of the day, i have to make my own decision and let everyone  else's voice goes and remind myself of why i'm here. Jeff: All right, let's get to it. Cannot vote for Kim. She has the necklace. Everybody else is fair game. It is time to vote. Christina, you're up. Alicia, i love you like a sister, but tonight i hope it's you and not me. Chelsea, you'll be just fine. Chelsea, you'll be just fine. Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, tonight is the  last night you may do so. Another once the votes are read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area  immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Chelsea. Alicia. Chelsea. Two votes Chelsea. Alicia. We're tied. Two votes Chelsea, two votes Alicia, one vote left. 14th person voted out and the eighth member of our jury, Alicia. Wow. Sorry, mama. Jeff: You need to bring me your torch. Jeff: Alicia, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Congratulations, you've made it to the final four. Tomorrow, you will compete in your final emimmunity challenge. Win that challenge, you earn a spot at the final tribal council. Lose, you may be a final member of our jury. Big stakes. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night. I realized what mistakes i've made in this game, and it was definitely giving  up my power, voting off Tarzan. I don't want to dwell on it too much. You know the game is done. I'm out, and i am definitely not a sore loser. I'm proud of Kim. She fooled me completely. And Christina, i brought you there. All those girls wanted you out from day one. So good job, Christina. Bask in it because you suck right now. That's okay. Bravo. I got played. I totally thought that Kim and Alicia, myself, were going to be part of the  final three. And Kim did a great play. You're the most resilient person i've ever met. You're always like, "hey, i know it's a game. Thank you i'm glad you do. I think you're one of the few people here that actually does know it's a game. Right now i do feel like i'm on the outs, but i could still have them  convinced that having me as part of the final three would be a good call and  not think about Sabrina. I'm not going to pull a Troyzan and go crazy. Why not have somebody like me. People don't think i deserve to be here. You know, i've been coattail the whole entire time. I mean, things change every day. I was thinking that same thing on the way back. It probably should have been me going home tonight but i'm still here. I owe a ton to Kim because i feel like tonight was all her. We need to decide who we want to take. I know. I'm thinking. Sabrina might not be the best person to take to the end. We know that Christina is definitely not well spoken, and if she has to sit  in front of a jury and explain herself and how she played this game, it's  going to be a joke. We're gonna do this. It's gonna be fun. Today, i have to win immunity. Previously in the game, i would not elevate my game and just kind of be like  at a mediocre pace, and now is the time i really, really need to step it up  and give it full throttle. I don't want her going into today's challenge thinking if she doesn't win, she's  going. Right. I don't want the do or die. Yeah. Tree mail. All right! Let's go, final four. "congratulations, final four. You are almost at the end. Of the. Awesome. "follow the map. There you will find the torches of your fallen comrades. At each torch, you will collect a representative name plate of those who were  voted out before you. At the end of your journey, you will offer them up as ceremonial, paying  respects to their memory as they each had a part in getting you to this point. You will then proceed to your final emimmunity challenge." court me. You know, Kourtney was an amazing trouper, probably one of the sweetest girls  i ever met. When we walked up to the challenge and i saw the net i was just like,  "oh, my God. I thought it will be fun. It will be like a giant trampoline. But i think i'm going to be the brunt of many a joke for many moons to come. Nina! You know, i like the fact that she went out fierce, and she helped us build  our first shelter, so kudos to Nina. I learned i'm a lot more patient than i gave myself credit for. Working with these young women was just like nails on a chalk board at times. I appreciate my family so much more than i ever did. It put things in perspective just live in the moment and enjoy things. This has been aNinable experience. Oh, Matt. Matt was the first person i argued with about those darn chickens the first  day. I'm surprised he was the first man out. Pretty cool and pretty fine. A lot of people will say Matt didn't do too well. That's just not true. I played the best game out there. I don't think anybody still in this game was playing a better game than me. The male versus female split kind of clipped my wings and didn't allow me to  take off. That leaves me feeling frustrated because i know i can win this game. Good old Bill. He was quite a character, hilarious. I've been grinding for the past three years to try to make my dream come true  of being a comic so when a few of my tribemates came up to me and confided  that my attitude, the way i was making them laugh is what kind of brought  them through and that meant a lot to me. Ah, Monica! You know, she's everything, actually, in a personal life, that i aspire to be. Momma with skills. Momma Monica. When you're the mother of three kids, you always put the wants and the needs  of your children and your husband first and it was a pleasure for me to come  out here and for once only have to worry about me. Eleanor roosevelt said do something every single day that scares you. And coming on "Survivor" scared me. But i'm glad i did it. Oh, Colton n. I think this whole game would have gone differently. There's no doubt he was one of the biggest threats here. All right, Colton. Sorry you went out like did you but i'm glad you're not here. From day one, i, like, scratched, kicked, and clawed my way from the bottom  of the food chain to power, every single day. The hardest part for me right now is that i put everything in motion and then  i got sick. But maybe that was God's way of opening my eyes and showing me, you know,  what lailt bitch i am, and how spoiled i am. Oh, good old Jonas. What a sweet man. I mean, such a great spirit. Best seafood i ever had. Best food i think you could possibly have on "Survivor. The. When you've only got a half an hour of sleep, you're freaking starving,un,  your muscles are all sore, the chances of you blowing up or being impatient  or irrational, it's greatly amplified. Yet, it's all good. Michael. Big mike. Ficould do it all over again, i wouldn't have vote out any guys, because  right now the game saul women. I came out here and did my best. I wasn't the first person voted off. That was my biggest fear. I didn't back down. I played open and honest and that's exactly how i wanted to play. Jay. My fellow south carolinian. His outlook on life was something i looked up to, definitely. Just as beautiful on the outside as on the inside. Realizing that you're going to be on your own out in the middle of nowhere. You're with a bunch of knuckleheads you've never met before. It oppose you up to people. It oppose you up to relationships. Just how you think about life. How you really embrace people. It's really taught me overall to have more of an open mind to everybody. You have, i think, more of a positive outlook on life. Oh, look who is here. Look what we have. Leif. Small in statute, very big in heart. Leif was a gentle soul. He was a sweet guy. He was. This whole experience has really changed me as a person. I mean, just how we take so many things for granted these days. Like, fire. It really is just so hard to explain with words. Troyzan. Probably the biggest strategic threat this this whole game, no doubt, huge  physical player. And i was never more thankful to see someone go. We're glad you're not here, troy, because if you were, none of us would be. At all. No way. This is "Survivor." everyone is going to be deceitful, everybody. I accomplished quite a bit of what i actually wanted to do, finding an  immunity idol, winning challenges. So everything except that million dollar check, basically, i got done. Kat. She had so much heart, so much determination for somebody that young and  definitely brave to come out here and do what she did. I think that i should never have been so naive. We were playing for a million dollars. You can't just, like, go in there and expect everything to be okay. But i felt like every single day i grew as an individual. So i can't wait to show everybody how much i've changed, and how much i've  learned. All right, my man Tarzan! When you're first around him, you're like oh, my gosh. But i think he grew on all of us. And when he left, we all have a little place in our hearts for Tarzan. I'm still an alpha male but i realize a number of these girls have  characterized their personalities in a masculine fashion, so i knew that the  smart way to last with them was to be a bit more beta, not the biggest, not  the toughest, not the most athletic, but smart enough to be the last man  standing. Alicia. Oh! Love that girl. Puerto rican mommy. Day one out in the beach in a pair of high heels. Stilettos. And sure enough, she made it a lot further than a lot of people. I am not the same girl that jumped off that truck. To walk on this island with my nappy hair, emwraising who i am, at the end of  the day i fell in love with that person. It was pretty awesome. I didn't think i had it in me. Light that bad boy up. Light it up! Light it up. Amazing people, amazing journey. Bye-bye! Whooo-hooo! Yeah! Jeff: Come on in, guys! Kim, Sabrina, Christina, and Chelsea, are you ready for your final immunity  challenge? And yes. Yes. Jeff: First things first, Kim. You've got to give it up again. Thank you. For the last time, immunity is back up for grabs. Here's how today's challenge works. You will use a long poll to mawfer a small wooden bowl through a channel. When you get to the top you place the bowl and go back for another one. The entire structure sits on a spring which means if you touch it it will  wobble and your bowls will fall. First person to stack all 10 of their bowls wins immunity. You will go to the final tribal council. You will have a chance to plead your case to the jury as to why you deserve  the title of soul Survivor and the million dollars that goes with it. For the losers, somebody will be voted out and become the final member of the  jury. Big stakes. We'll draw for spots. We'll get started. All right, here we go. For immunity. And a spot at the final tribal council. This is it, big stakes, Survivors ready? Go. You're trying to mawfer small wooden bowls through a steel channel. Make your way to the top and then place that bowl at the top, and then go get  the next bowl. What makes this difficult is that spring at the bottom. Which means if you hit the structure, even a little bit, it will start  knocking those bowls off that you've been stack all along. Kim has her first one through. She's placing it. Headingly back for her second. Kim has won three immunity challenges, would louve to close it out with a  fourth. Chelsea has her first. Kim working on her second. Christina has her first. She's heading back. Chelsea taking a long time to place that first bowl. Kim has her second bowl through. Sabrina has her first bowl stacked. Christina now working on that second bowl. Kim working on that third bowl. Chelsea right behind with her second bowl. Kim off to an early lead in this final immunity challenge. Christina places her second bo bowl. Kim drops a bowl, got to go back to the start with that one. There's an opening now for Christina to catch Kim. Christina and Kim neck and neck as they go to place their third bowls. Chelsea places her second bowl. She heads back. Sabrina working on her second bowl, quickly falling out of this. Kim places her third bowl. Christina placing her third bowl, neck and neck with Kim. Chelsea drops hers, gotta go back. Kim and Christina tied, both have a one-bowl lead over Chelsea. You're going to 10. Kim working on her fourth bowl. Christina working on her fourth bowl. Once in, in a challenge. Sabrina is out of it early. Kim has her fourth through the track. Christina matching Kim bowl for bowl. Still a long way to go. Still a long way to go. Kim and Christina still dead even, both placing their eighth bowls. Both women taking their time. You want to make sure it's even, lined up, Christina has her eighth bowl. She's heading back. Kim has her eighth bowl placed. Chelsea working on her seventh. Sabrina out of it. It would take a disaster for Sabrina to have a shot in this challenge. The wind now coming up. Those structures are going to move a little. Christina's is moving a lot. Christina working on her ninth bowl. Kim working on her ninth bowl. The slightest wrong move could send everything toppling down. Kim's ninth bowl barely hanging on. One bowl left for Kim. Christina has slowed down. It is Kim's challenge now. All she has to do is get this tenth and final bowl through the track, to the  top, and place it without knock her stack down. Christina places her ninth bowl, heading back for her tenth and final bowl. Kim really taking her time, does not want to make a mistake. This would guarantee her a chance to plead her case for the million dollars. She is three steps away. This is it. Kim wins immunity and a guaranteed spot at the final tribal council. Thanks. You're a beast. You're a beast. Jeff: Kim, come on over. [ applause ] all right, Kimster. Good job, Kim. Jeff: For the fourth time in this game you've won individual immunity. You have dominated the individual portion of this game, and as a result, you  are guarantee aid spot at final tribal council. Two of you are going to go to the final with Kim. One of you will become the final member of the jury that will decide who wins  this game. Huge decision tonight. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. I'll see you at tribal council. Congrats. Thanks, Jeff. I won the immunity challenge today. It was awesome. That was the one i've been wanting, you be. You have to take it challenge by challenge, but to know, like, to go tonight  knowing that it's not me, it feels awesome. Hey. Hey. So. So. There's no need to. It's me. That's the plan. Yeah. I'm sorry. It is what it is. Don't be sorry. It's all part of the game and everything. So, you know, i made it all the way to the final four. You did bad-ass, girl. All righty. But i love you. I love you, too. I had a good time with you. I know. So. I feel like Kim, Sabrina and Chelsea have their decision already made. I thought maybe i could try to talk to Kim and try to switch it but Kim is  pretty adamant just keeping it the way it is so i figured my last day here,  day 38, final four, can't really complain. Might as well make it as enjoyable and peaceful as possible. How are you doing? Good. Tired. Just really, really ready for this all to be over. Yeah. Christina just came to me and said, "i'd rather just know." and i  was like, "it's you." really? We hugged. I mean, it's like-- it's hard to not take her. I feel like she doesn't get any votes. I know. So... The interesting thing about Christina's response is she literally  didn't fight for it. I feel like i did make my decision to go with Chelsea and Sabrina, but i think  i'm starting to second guess myself. Like, up until this point there was less at stake, you know what i mean? There were more chances to go home. The decision is going to change who i sit there at the end with. I think if i do take kristina, i really don't think she could get one vote. And i do think Sabrina will receive quite a few more votes than Christina  would. I'm going to try to make what i think is the best decision for myself in this  game. Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Jonas. Michael. Jay. Leif. Troyzan. Kat, Tarzan, and Alicia, voted out at the last tribal council. All right, let's get to it. Kim is going to the final tribal council tomorrow. That is a fact. The question tonight is which two of you are going to join her? So, Kim, it was a busy afternoon with people scrambling? It was definitely not a busy afternoon. It was really, really quiet. Jeff: Sabrina, fill me in. After we got back from the challenge, i think everyone knew where the cards  were laid out on the table. And people just didn't see the need to scramble. Everything was very blatant and -- one person had to see the need to scramble  because if the cards were laid out, that meant somebody knew they were going  home. Is that true, Chelsea? Yeah. We pretty much made is cut and dry who was going. And -- so clue me in. If you guys all know. Who is it? Jeff, it's me. So... Jeff: So, Christina, you're going home tonight. Yes. The alliance of the three girls have been formed since day one. So everyone is pretty adamant about where they stand. Jeff: Well, what's not clear to me is why that means it made for a quiet  afternoon. Was there a strategy from your end in terms of trying to break this up or  have somebody see the light or bring a new idea to it? My argument would be Sabrina hasn't done well in some of the challenges. As far as strategy-wise, i haven't seen her do anything. But, you know, how do you convince that to someone who already has a strong  alliance with them. It's a partnership they have and trying to break it is really hard. Jeff: Sabrina, are you at all surprised Christina would, in a sense, lay down  and die and just say, "okay, if that's what it is, it is?" you  know, i can't read anyone's mind. I can't look at her and say, okay, why are you here? But from her actions alone, it wouldn't seem that she was here to actually  win or at least she would have made an effort. And just because you don't see me scrambling around i don't know fully what's  been going on since at a one. Perception is not always reality. I knew i would have gone out if i knew my name was on the chopping block, i  would have tried everything possible. But that's just me. Jeff: Christina, if you're a fan of the show all, you know the most likely  people have won this game but they don't win if they're not at the final  tribal. I understand you feel you would have an uphill battle but i'm pretty sure  there are a lot of people on the jury give me a shot. Put me in the four spot. Give me a shot. I'm just trying to understand because this is a game about social politics. Right. And i get what you're saying and everything. It's just-- i think when it came to the point where my key alliance had just  left, it's like what i can do to convince these girls to break a promise that  they've already made since day one? It's like, you know, i mean-- i don't-- it's-- it's not like i gave up. It was just-- it was just kind of the sense of why-- i mean, how can i even  convince these girls to make a switch and everything to give me a shot at  everything? Jeff: Kim, as a competitor, would you make the same choice if you were in Christina's  spot? Absolutely not. I mean, i think Christina's not a bad person to take to the final three  potentially in that she has a lot of arguments she could have made for  herself today but she didn't. And i think that you have to weigh out your options at the end and things  aren't always as clear as they seem. Jeff: Well, tribal council is always full of surprises. So while this vote tonight appears to be a formality, the result of that vote  will be a million dollar mistake for somebody. It is time to vote. Christina, you're up. I love you, girl, but deep down inside, i kind of still don't think that you  deserve to make it to the final three. Baby girl, you just did not play the game. I don't even know if you knew it was the game "Survivor." Jeff: I'll  go tally the votes. Once the votes are read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote. Sabrina. Christina. Christina. Two votes Christina, one vote Sabrina. 15th person voted out and the ninth and final member of our jury, Christina. You need to bring me your torch. Kristina, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Jeff: Well, three of you have played this game together from day one and  tonight you've gone as far as you can go. Congratulations. Now the power shifts to the jury. Nine people that you voted out will decide who they think is most deserving  of the title of soul Survivor and the million dollar check that goes with it. You have one more night in the south pacific. Enjoy it. Try to get some sleep. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night. I'm honored to make it to the final four. However, i wish i would have played this game a little bit differently,  probably a little more strategic. Although, being the underdog of the game, i'm pretty proud of myself to be  where i'm at. Trying to make it to the top three, would have loved it. However, how do you change three girls who are pretty adamant and pretty  loyal to where they're at? I just woke up overwhelmed this morning. It's coming to an end. I had no idea i was going to go this far. And i'm just reflecting on life, just how God has just blessed me. Just the little things, a decent family. Decent friend. This amazing experience. I'm about to go back to real life, and part of me wants to. Part of me doesn't. You know, i'm a teacher. And one of the craziest neighborhoods in the country, and i just got laid off. I signed up to be a teacher, to teach kids that people don't want to teach. I wanted to tell all the kids everything-- how the sand felt, how the water  felt. I would love my kids just to see this view. They see a few blocks of brooklyn, that's it. And that's all they aspire to see. So hopefully they see that i took a chance, they'll take a chance. All they have to do is one time. I can only spend maybe a few more minutes sitting here after the sun comes up. You gotta put your game face on. This is still anyone's game. I think everyone has their strong points and their weaknesses in this game,  and it's all about playing with the strong parts. You have to go in, guns blazing, and kind of have no mercy and from there,  the game will unfold. Unfold. Oh, my God! Orange juice! Mimosas! Ya! Celebrate. Food, food, food, food! Before i came into this game, i was so nervous and so scared, and i can be  honest and say that i did not expect to be sitting here in the final three. Y'all, this is so exciting. You know, my dad told me before i left, no Matter what happens, we're all  proud of you. So, i mean, of course you want to win a million dollars, but sometimes money  isn't the big prize. Bacon! When you come out here for the adventure, you have to think it's a lot bigger  than just a million dollars. I've made some great friends i know i'm going to have for a lifetime. Memories i'll be able to share with my kids, their kids. And the list goes on. Oh, my God! It's ready to go like we are. Saying final three on day one and standing here on day 39. May the best woman win. Cheers. Cheers. This year has been kind of a tough year for me. I just recently got divorced and coming out of a really tough marriage after  almost four years. You look back and it's like, man, i got neerd this person, and, wow, it  really doesn't work. It short of shakes something in you. So coming out here and having to make decisions quickly day in and day out  and have them work and get to sit here at the end and say, wow, this decision  has worked out and went really well, i have definitely gained some of my  confidence back, trusting myself, trusting my accidentment, and my intuition. There hasn't been a wrong turn. I'm excited to take this and take it back to my real life. Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Jonas, Michael. Jay. Leif. Troyzan. Kat. Tarzan. Alicia. And Christina, voted out at the last tribal council. Sabrina, Kim, Chelsea. Congratulations. You were able to do what the 15 other people who started this game were  unable to do-- last all 39 days. You've gone as far as you can go in the game. And tonight, the power shifts to the jury, nine people that you voted out now  will decide who wins. Their job tonight is to ask questions that will help them get the information  they need to make a million dollar decision. Here's how it's going to work-- you'll make opening statements. They'll get their chance to address you, and then we vote. Shall we get started? Opening statements. Chelsea, you're up. Is it okay if i stand? I just feel like-- is that okay or no? I feel like it just helps out a little bit. Jeff: All right, go for it. Can we go with that? Okay. I think everyone knows that in "Survivor" a pair is extremely  important, and if you have someone, just one person that you know you can  trust 100%, that you can go really far in the game. I don't think it's any secret that Kim and i have been a pair throughout this  whole game. Every single tribal, we would get together and literally map out who we  thought should stay, who we thought should go. With that being said, my game changed at the merge. Jonas, you seem like someone that's just a good person in general. I had the hardest time, like, writing your name down. And that's the point in the game where i said, Chelsea. You're playing this game all wrong. You have to check yourself out emotionally or you're not going to make it in  this game. That's when i feel like i became the hard-ass, cold-hearted Chelsea. That's where Kim and i played this game differently. Maybe you're more mad at her for writing your name just because she had more of  an emotional connection with most of you than i did. But i could have been shooting myself in the foot because now that i'm here,  i'm looking at all of you, and i really don't feel like i had that emotional  connection, where that might be how you vote. I know at the end of the day, however you guys do it, i'm 100% with you, and  trust however you vote. Jeff: Kim. I love this game. I've always seen it as a game. Coming into it, i thought i saw it as poker, and you do everything you can do  to sit here at the end of this game, so that's where my head was walking into  this. I thought no rules. I'm going to come in and i'm going to play as hard as i possibly can. That's all i know to do. The strategized until i was blue in the face. I'm proud of the way i played it strategically. I don't be how i could have done it better. Every time i cent one of you home, that took a toll on me and that's been  really, really hard. Bust every time i was tempted to make a decision within this game i thought  of my family back home and the things you wanted to provide them with and the  things you wanted to do with the money to change their lives and how i'd  known you all for 20 or 30 days but how they've been pouring themselves into  me for years and years. So i hope you all can forgive me. I hope you all can see it as a game. Because that's how i came into it. I can't even say i would take it back because my end goal was to sit here and  i'm sitting here tonight. Jeff: Sabrina. Okay. Uhm, you know, we all come in here. We all have different strategies of how to do things. So my strategy coming in is much like my strategy in real life. You have to have balance. Guto the extreme one way, you're going to have a target on your back. I already knew i have got to scale back when it comes to physical things. There are some times when i surely stepped down, and that was part of my  strategy. You guys saw me. I never came back here with a necklace. And had we merged, the social setting started to become more evident. Kim, she and other people would go ahead and say let's vote this person off  and although we agreed to do tthey were more or less the messengers. I chose not to step up and come to you face to face because at the end of the  day, not only can i not separate the game from real life, but it's also-- it  also might come back to bite me in the end. Stepping outside this game, i teach inner-city children in new york city, in  one of the toughest neighborhoods that there is. Two weeks before i even got to "Survivor" i was laid off. I came into this game, it's not an option to win for me it. It was necessary for me to play this game. So for me to even be sitting here in the top three, that's a blessing. Jeff: All right, jury, now will you get your first chance to address Sabrina,  Kim, and Chelsea. I'll give you a moment to think about what you want to say. Jeff: All right, jury, some of you have waited a long time for the chance to  address the three women who voted you out of this game. Your job tonight is simple-- gather information to help you make a million  dollar decision. Let's get started. Jonas, get us going. So seeing that this is sort of a serious decision, i just want to lay the  ground rules for this question and answer session. When i address you by name, i want you to just say yes, master Jonas. Just kidding. I'm totally happy for all of you. Sabrina, i totally love you. If it was the most popular person getting the money, i'd vote for you. I still might. But out there at the challenges, i mean, it was amazing how badly you sucked. You're-- some of those challenges you're right. You were whooped by a guy one year shy of being a senior citizen. I'm not going to lie, some of those challenges i absolutely sucked. You're 100% correct. Chelsea, you're cute, you're-- really. I mean, we all agree as guys that you're the hottest chick for the season. But, unfortunately, that's not what my vote is based on. I want to hear, like are the hugest move that you instigated, not that Kim  suggested, but the boldest, game-changing move you made in the game. It was my idea to take Kat out. Okay, so, Kim, you kicked my ass, fair and square, but that doesn't mean that  europe getting my vote. I thought you played a flawless game up until last tribal council. You didn't take Christina. I was just, like floored. I was like, what? I'm just trying to wrap my head around why you didn't take her. Yeah, i think, honestly, i kind of got to this place where i thought if  everybody absolutely hates me for all the decision i made, then Christina  will beat me if they're that angry. If they vote for the person that played the best game, then i can sit here  with these two guys and i'll win and it wouldn't Matter. Okay, well, we'll just have to see what happens. Thank you. Thanks, Jonas. Jeff: Christina. Hello, ladies. How are you tonight? Hi. Hi. Kim, it comes down to the final four, and, of course, you pick Sabrina and Chelsea. It was a great, crucial decision. I mean, you already made a statement to Jonas saying that you felt i was a  big threat. So take that out of the side. Say you took me. Say who you would take off and why? You're asking if i could only sit with one of them, which one would it be? No, who would you take out. And you have to answer it. I think i would have a better chance of winning against Sabrina so i would take  Chelsea out. I think i have a better shot of winning sitting next to Sabrina. And, Chelsea, why do you hate people? Oh, God. I don't hate people at all. At all. I think there's a time where you have to take your heart out and play with  your head. And that was a really hard thing for me. Ask Kim kept reminding me because, you know, there were times we disagreed,  and she was like, "Chelsea, take your heart out. Think with your head." and if you knee me outside this game i'm not the  cold-hearted bitch, i'm really not. Thank you. Jeff: Thanks, Christina. Jay, you're up. First off, congratulations. No hard feelings. You guys kicked our butts. You should be super proud about it. I'm stoked for you guys to be sitting there. Sabrina, that mentality of the whole "i'm going to take it easy, you  know, in the challenge," like, even in camp life, you seemed to take it  easy, you know, i mean whether it was sticks, crabs, you did squat. So i'm really questioning, like, was it really your strategy or what? It was. Sometimes in my personal life i can be a little bit overbearing and it  doesn't allow people to shine. So i knew coming on with a bunch of strangers, this is my time to observe. Let me listen a little bit more. It's about balancing things, so if i would try and go and bulldoze every  challenge, that's an extreme. And honestly, i literally just learned how to swim before i came out here. So for me to go deep sea fishing or just fishing period, wouldn't have been  too wise. Fair enough. I respect honesty. No further questions, your honor. Jeff: Thanks, Jay. Mike, you're up. Kim, i just want you in the best possible way just to define to me what a  blindside is. Sending someone home who has no idea they're going home and convincing them  they're not going home so they're shocked. With that definition, do you feel you perfected the art of blindside? You know, i think in this game i do think blindsides are necessary, and i  think at the point you were still here, mike, that was a huge vote that night  because you were the only guy left in this game that troy was willing to send  home over a girl. He disliked you, he didn't trust you. So i picked you, not wanting to send you home at that time, but because you  were the only guy he would vote out without thinking twice about it that  night. There's a whole jury over here and myself that know that you missed one key  factor, and that's blame. You know, you took all the blame of every single blindside you did. You didn't pass it off on your alliances. You didn't pass off one person. You took all that heat. And that's the one thing that you missed. So you have all these people here and myself than that you blindsided them. And have to decide if you're smart for doing that or incredibly stupid. That's just all i want to say to you. Jeff: Thanks, Michael. Tarzan. Okay. The first thingent to say as a statement is i want to thank God for giving me  these gre gaishes moments of wild, romantic adventure toward the end of my  life. So thank you, God. And then i want to thank you ladies for keeping me, despite all the  concatenations of this game that allowed my wife to actually set foot on this  island. Had you not done that twouldn't have happened. And i will forever be thankful. The third commencement, if i can get to it without forgetting what i was  going to say, is i want to inculcate with them the ingrams of my brain how i  felt when i knew my wife was actually placing foot prints upon the sands of  this island and would soon be close enough to me that i could embrace her and  feel her heart beat against mine, hear the whispers of her breath about our  inalienable love that would not have happened if you had not kept me. So for that, i'm very appreciative. And i'll try to feel that moment until we're but dust in the sand. Or until got brings cognizance to our atoms once again. So i thank you for that. That's all i have to say. I have something to say to you. I just want you to know that you and your wife's romance together has opened  up my eyes to what i want in a partner. I feel like-- i didn't even know that existed. I really didn't. I will not settle for less because i know-- i know it's real. Thank you, Chelsea. So. Thank you. That's it. Jeff: Thanks, Tarzan. Well done. One of a kind, one of a kind. Jeff: Leif, you're up. Go get 'em. Wow. My hat off to you ladies. You three really showed all of us what it takes to be in the final three. That's sweet. Very sweet. But it was really hard getting voted off, and i'm trying to work out all my  feeling right now. That was just a really sore moment i had with you three ladies and i just  want to find out how that went down, really. Kim-- to be honest with you, Leif, i never-- i could never figure out if i  trust you or not. You were one of the few people in this game, is he voting with us, is he not  voting with us? Your votes did not line up with what we were voting and i knew you had  written my name down. I thought you were going to write it down again. I didn't feel bad about telling you to vote Christina that night. The messenger giving the messages so i knew it was going to be you to go that  night and we had such a connection. I couldn't physically tell you, like, you're going home. That would have hurt me as well, you know. So i'll be the first one to admit, i punked out. Someone had to go home, and it was just, unfortunately, your time at the  moment. I just want to say congratulations again, girls. I'm really-- you really showed us. Thanks. Jeff: Thanks, Leif. Alicia, you're up. Kim, you and i played this game very similar. I was a kingpin. I had my pawns. Christina and Tarzan. You have your pawns, Chelsea and Sabrina. Home girl, you know if i was sitting next to you, you'd be [ bleep ] bricks  right now, because without you getting me out, i would have had more chances  of winning that money than any of you. And actually, i'm super flattered because i didn't know miss puerto rico last  here could actually be a potential threat. Like, who thought that, you know. Kim, you played a hell of a game. I could strangle you. You did, too. I love you, and good luck. Jeff: Thanks Alicia. Tarzan, you're up. Okay. Here we go. Uhm, first of all, i'm going to say congratulations. I know that probably sounds strange coming from you because you probably  think i all hate your guts. I don't. And my real beef is with Kim, so i'm just going to focus on you. You did play a great game, but it doesn't mean Sabrina didn't play a great  game as well and Chelsea didn't either. Sure. I'm just going to ask you one question. If you answer this question correctly, you really have a great shot of winning. If you don't, that will show me you're not the Survivor that you think you  are. No pressure. So. There was a point in this game where it was the decision made against me. Okay. Tell meet moment that you basically made the move to demolish my chances of  winning this game? Taking Jonas out of this game. That's your answer. That's my answer. Okay. Jeff: Are you going to tell her if she got it right or not? Jeff: No. "the "Survivor" Gods have spoken. It's like uno, dos, adios. Jeff: Kat, you're up. Well, hello, ladies. Hi. Being voted out, i was really, really upset. All three of you hurt me. Very, very badly. And, Kim, girl, i am just destroyed. I know. By you. What i kind of want to say, though, is i have a secret and i want to tell you  guys. You know, when i was little, i went through two open heart surgeries when i  was 12 years old. And in order for me to have kids, i have to have another open heart surgery  in 12 years, which means 22, baby, so i'll be going next year, and i'm doing  it again. So i had to hide that from you guys because i didn't want to show you that  weakness. But that's why i don't have time to be angry with you three. So i'm going to base my decision on who i feel played the best .to you guys. Take the time that you have and live it for the best that you can, and this  decision that you're going to make, don't base it on being angry. I was so angry for what they did because i want to sit there. I want that more than anything. And i would die to be there. But it takes a lot more energy to be angry about what happened in this game. And it's a lot easier to smile and to forgive and be happy. So that's what i'm going to say. I forgive you. And that's all i have to say. Jeff: Thanks, Kat. All right, jury. Pretty healthy back and forth. Gotta say, felt pretty respectful from you guys, given that you were voted  out by these three women. You've heard a lot tonight. Gathered a lot of information to help you make a million dollar decision. I'm going to give you a moment to think about it, then we will vote. Jeff: All right, we started with 18 people in this game. We are left with Sabrina, Kim, and Chelsea. And a jury who will now decide who gets the title of sole Survivor, and the  million dollar check that goes along with it. For the last time, it is time to vote. Jonas, you're up. Sabrina, even though Kim won everything, that doesn't necessarily mean that  she's the best player. Take care, comb your hair. I am so upset with you. But if i didn't vote you tonight, that means i have not learned a damn thing  in this game for 33 days. Jeff: I'll go get the votes. Votes. I know the three of you would love for me to read these votes right now, but  you're gonna have to wait until we get back to the united states, and we'll  see all of you there. [ cheers and applause ] [ cheers and applause ] [ cheers and applause ] Jeff:  All right, have a seat. Have a seat. Let's do this. Okay. Thank you very much. Let's-- let's finish this season off. Sabrina, Kim, Chelsea, one of you is about to be rewarred for 39 days of very  tough work with a million dollars. I'm the first to admit-- [ cheers and applause ] i am the first to admit that  having never played this game, i really have no idea what kind of toll this  takes but i have watched it for 12 years and 24 seasons, and i have an  inkling of the tremendous physical and emotional toll that it takes to  survive 39 days of this intense psychological, social, physical game, so  whichever one of you wins, you deserved it. [ applause ] all right, here we go. Sabrina, you look like you're about to pass out. I can't breathe right now. Jeff: All right, we're looking for votes tonight. You want to see your name. This jury just awarded somebody a million dollars. I'm going to read the votes. Aahh! [ laughter ] first vote. Kim. [ cheers and applause ] Sabrina. One vote Kim, one vote Sabrina. [ applause ] Kim. Two votes Kim, one vote Sabrina. [ applause ] Sabrina. We are tied, two votes Kim, two votes Sabrina. Kim. [ applause ] three votes Kim, two votes Sabrina. Kim. That's four votes Kim, two votes Sabrina. The winner of "Survivor: One World," Kim. Jeff: Well, it started as men versus women but it ended as women versus women  because all the men were gone, first time in history the final five  consisting only of women. Kim thoroughly dominated the game physically and strategically earned herself  a million dollars. This season also brought us one of the most controversial people ever to  play, Colton. He said a lot. Does he regret any of it? Did he learn anything? He's here and ready to talk. Plus Troyzan, Tarzan, Kat, the whole game. It's the "Survivor: One World" reunion show live from new york city  coming up next.