<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor":  With the women picking off the men one by one, it seemed obvious that Tarzan  would go next. But an emotional visit from the castaways' loved ones set a different ball in  motion. Go! In an intense award challenge-- we're almost there, dad. Jeff: Kat won a trip away from camp with her loved one. Kat's decision not to take Tarzan and his wife of 30 years and Christina and  her aling father did not sit well with Sabrina. Back at camp, Sabrina vented about Kat's selfishness. This is definitely enough reason to make me vote off Kat. Jeff: In a grueling immunity challenge-- you are having to earn it right  here-- Kat fought to the bitter end, but it was Kim hoprevailed. Kim wins individual immunity. After the challenge, Alicia joined the swelling tide to take out Kat. Kim, wanting to keep her options open, wasn't so sure. I do think Kat has a good shot at getting a lot of jury votes just because  she hasn't pissed a lot of people off but i think Sabrina is smart enough to  sway the jury and totally screw me over in the end. Jeff: At tribal council, Kat felt very confident. If it is going to be a blindside, it's going to be pretty funny and pretty,  like-- like, exciting. Jeff: But Kim had to decide. Devastating Kat, and shaking up the game. Kat, the tribe has spoken. Will the women continue to take out their own? Or will Tarzan, the last man standing, be the next to go? Six are left, who will be voted out tonight? Out tonight? Man. Oh, my God. You want to talk about damage control. Her last statement was how funny a blindside is. Oh, my God! How ironic was that? Fiwere-- if i were the girls, i would have voted meet out before Kat. That would have been the smartest thing they could do but they didn't do it. And now that they've done that, i have a subplot where i might be able to  arrange myself to be the top three. But of course i wouldn't reveal any of that right now. I'm just hoping to make it to four. You're not opposed to me getting down to number four, right? Not at all. Okay, so i'm thinking the best thing for you ladies would be for you, Alicia,  and Christina to be the last three standing, because nobody will vote for Christina. I know. And if i go on the jury, i think i can convince them to vote for you. Here's my only concern. Yeah. Is i just start to wonder if Alicia is really going to want to take me. Okay, well, i think Alicia has a strong affinity for you as far as just  liking you and wanting to be your friend and, you know, go with whatever you  say. But here's the thing, the biggest threat is-- Chelsea. Chelsea. And she's my friend. I know, i know. It's so hard. When we got back from tribal tonight Tarzan pulled me aside and wanted to  tell me what he thought the best plan for me was and that is i get rid of Chelsea  and Alicia, and as crazy as Tarzan is, it is what i know to be true. If i send Chelsea home, that will be my worst night here. You all stay and i'll go. Okay. When you-- wait, do you think-- my thing is i know i can beat Christina, but  do you think i can win against-- Kim, Kim is my whole-- my plan is to hype it  up for you when i get on the jury. See, and i don't think it will be hard to do at all. Because they feel betrayed by her. I've been doing this in segments. Don't be the first one vote out. Make it to the merge, make it to seeing my wife. Making it to number four. And maybe slipping into number three. Even if i make it to three, and i lose, it won't be a terrible thing. I just won't buy shocks for my car. That's all. Look, this is a cup. Look how much is inside of it. It might just be better to save it for dinner. Right now, i feel like the game is three versus three. Sabrina, Kim, and i, and Alicia, Christina and Tarzan. I genuinely think that Alicia, Christina and Tarzan think they have Kim in  their alliance, which is great, because i know that she's got my back. Due, i've been dreaming about food all night, and i was just like why do i  keep on dreaming about food? Today's reward, i somehow pull out a winner, then i think you need to go. You're so sweet. I feel the same. I'm trying to reel Christina in a little bit. I know that Christina is Alicia's puppet, and i'm trying to help her see the  big scheme of things, the big picture. I think Alicia wants to take you and Tarzan. But i think just because he's a male and all those guys are pissed at the  girls, that they're gonna vote for him, and that means he can't go to the end. If i can get Christina to see that Tarzan can't go to the final three, maybe  she'll fall in with Kim and i. I feel like you have some kind of bond with Alicia. So if you could keep that between us because i'm just talking out loud right  now. But-- yeah, i'll just keep it qu quiet. Shut up. No kidding, no joke. What did she say? If there was an award challenge and she could take two she said,"i'm  going to take you." and then she said me, and Alicia and Tarzan are in  alliance for the final three. When Chelsea and Christina went to tree mail, Christina told us everything Chelsea  said on their walk. My first question i wanted answer was did Chelsea blow my cover because i  have been playing both sides? Alicia, Tarzan, and Christina all think i make a four some for them, and then  Chelsea and Sabrina think i am their third. Shut up. I'm telling you, it's them right now. It's them against us. God, that makes me want to kick Christina's ass. Don't say a word. I won't. It will ruin it. Setting yourself up in a position to play both sides is brilliant but it's  also one of the scarier places to sit in this game because it just takes one  conversation between two people on opposite sides to put it all together and  then you're the first person gone because nobody trusts you anymore. Jeff: Come on in, guys! You guys ready to get to today's reward challenge? Yes. Jeff: For today's challenge, you are going to race to release a disk by spinning  around it. This will make you dizzy. You'll take the disk, move to the next station, where you will do it again. Once you've collected all three disks, you will use them to form a decoder. You'll use the decoder to give you the three numbers you need to solve the  combination box. First person to get it right and raise their flag wins reward. Want to know what you're playing for? Yes. Yes. Jeff: The winner of today's challenge will leave here and be taken to a yacht. You'll go out on the ocean, cocktails, take a shower. Shower! Jeff: We'll give you fresh clothes. And then you'll have a nice three-course meal at sunset and sleep on the  boat, returning to camp in the morning. Worth playing for? Yes! Jeff: All right, we'll draw for spots and we'll get started. Here we go, for an afternoon on a yacht. Survivors ready? Go! Spin around those disks. Kim, flying around hers. Sabrina has hers free. Kim is free. Kim's ditzy. Alicia's free. This will make you dizzy. Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa. Jeff: Christina very dizzy. Sabrina once again is first out. Chelsea has her second disk. Alicia very dizzy as she moves from her second to her third disk. Tarzan has his second disk! Everybody working on their lask disk. 34 days of very little food and everybody's lightheaded, but everybody wants  this reward. Sabrina and Kim are first to the decoder. Alicia now at the decoder. Chelsea has her last disk. Tarzan now working on the decoder. Everybody trying to solve the decoder, looking for three numbers that will  open up that combination box. You've got to spin these pieces until the numbers line up. If you think you have three, give it a try. Chelsea thinks she has it, and she's going to give it a go. It is not right. You may have the right three numbers. You've got to get them in the right order on that combination box. Alicia now has her's solved. She's trying to figure it out. It's Alicia and Chelsea. Chelsea changing the numbers once again. Will this be right? No. Gotta try again. Alicia going to give it a go. She's wrong. Chelsea still working those numbers. So many different combinations. Kim now going to give it a go. Christina has solved her decoder. Chelsea pulls it out. And wins reward. Yes, yes, yes! Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Thank you. Thank you very much. Jeff: Chelsea, come on over. [ applause ] nice job. Thank you. Jeff: You're going to leave here, be taken to a nice yacht, take a shower,  get some fresh clothes. Oh, my God. Jeff: Then you're going to have a nice dinner at sunset and a good night's  sleep and you cannot do this alone so you're going to choose somebody to come  with you. I just know Kat caught a lot of grief for who she chose in the last reward so  i'm going to play it fair, like i've played this hole game, and i think Sabrina  needs to go with me because she hasn't had much food and i know she's as  exhausted as i am. Thank you so much. Love you, girl. Thank you. Jeff: All right, Chelsea. One more person is coming with you. I want Kim to go. Jeff: Kim, come on over. Love you. Jeff: The three of you are going to have a wonderful afternoon. Alicia, Tarzan, Christina, got nothing for you. Grab your stuff and head back to camp. Guys, grab your stuff. Head out. Have a good time. Thank you, Jeff. Jeff: Nice work. Ladies, your cabin. Cool! Okay, this is your cabin. Your clean clothes. I've never once been on a sailboat. Not only a sailbout but this has to be one of the nicest sailboats ever. You shower first. Really? Yes. It's got a full kitchen, a bedroom, a shower. I mean, it's the works. Oh, my gosh! I was in the shower for probably 30 minutes. I mean i scrubbed, and just knowing that i'm clean now makes a world of  difference. All right, cheers, to the end. All the way. All the way. Oh, my God. Chelsea, darling. Oh, you look so amazing. I'm a new woman. Here's your center seat. You look so pretty! Whenever you step out of the game and you get to go on these rewards, it's  like you feel like you're human again. I'll see you, ladies. I mean, i kind of know what's going on back at camp, so since i do, i can  come out here and relax and the three of us will try to work it out and make  to the end together. Wow, i love champagne. Do you love that? I love you. Yes, this is real good. I love you, too. Oh, my God. The thing is i think we can do it. That's what i get excited about. I feel like we're on a honeymoon right now. We are. You start to feel like an animal out here. You get real savage so to just go and be waited on and to feel so pampered, i  started to remember whois and what i'm about and what i'm doing here. I feel like my head is so much clearer today than it was yesterday so the  reward was huge for me. I'm-- i'm livid. Oh, you're livid. So am i. So, Chelsea was asked, "who would you like to go on the reward  with?" and her response s, i'm going to pick the person how i play the  game, which is fair." so who does she pick? Kim. Why the hell does Kim need to go on a third reward. Tell me to my face, that was a fair choice. No, and not only that, on the walk from tree mail-- she said she would take  you. That's why it's important that us three don't budge on who we vote next. Who are we voting for? We're voting for Chelsea. That means our three votes need to be aligned. Their three votes are going to be a tie. That means we have to force one of them, which would be Kim, to stick true to  what she said. Kim and i trust each other but i'm not going to pass it by her that she's not  thinking of, you know, other things, other options. However i think it is stupid that she would want to sit next to Sabrina and Chelsea. Tarzan, myself and Christina are solid and if they want to be solid, cool,  let them be soiled. Let them draw rocks. Let them be stupid. When they come back, if Kim comes back and says let's not do Chelsea, let's  do, blah, blah, blah, that would be a dead give away. The two big players who will knock you guys out of the last three are Kim and  Chelsea and i believe they're deceiving us and that they're a team. So i think you guys have a better chance if i'm one of the three actually  because those three ladies took off. It's sort of almost a blessing in disguise because it helped unite another  plot that might allow me to say here possibly to the last three. So-- how do you feel about that? Would you rather sit next to him or would you rather sit next to Kim? I'm going to be perfectly honest, i think Kim is probably going to get more  votes versus Tarzan. It's not much of a threat. All right, so this is the next move. Chelsea or Kim. I'm actually leaning towards taking Tarzan to the top three with Christina  and i. So Kim better come back with the right story that we're still sticking to Chelsea,  and who knows? After Chelsea's gone, you know what? Tarzan has a great point-- we need to take him out. I love me some grilled veggie. Wow! Oh, my God, if i was back at camp right now, i'd be a mess. I'd be somewhere balled up crying. I'd be trying to drown. This is what-- this is the determining factor. It's either going to be us or it's going to be them. Gotcha. As long as their votes are split, it doesn't Matter. Right. I don't think they're even questioning me. I don't think they ever have. Somebody has to make a big move. Kim has an amazing ability to look at you, almost look through you and say,  "yeah, i'm with you," and it's believable. You have such a pure effect on them. You just look at them and the big baby blues. I'm scaerg myself. I can't tell when i'm telling the truth or not. The reward, i think it cleared the line for me a little bit. I feel better about the option of going with Chelsea and Sabrina than just  trying to figure out any way possible that we can somehow win this next vote  with three votes. We gotta win tomorrow. My plans for the day, the first thing i'm going to do is fix me some coconut  stew, start the fire, clean my clothes, wash my hair again. I prepare to be defeated in some kind of contest later today. Defeated by the feminine gender. Failure among men. I can dwrait more of this. No, i'm going to cook it this morning the way i want to, okay. So don't bother me about it. And what way are you cooking it? The way you want to. But, no, how are you preparing it? Don't worry about it. So, so. Same bugs that were on your skin. I'm sure Christina would be more than willing to let you use hers. Don't touch my buff! I'm cleaning my buff right now. I've had to enter battles with my bare hands. When we went off, you know, on the reward challenge we got stuff away from  the game, all the arguing, and coming back here, the second we walk into  camp, there's an argument, and it's just like oh, we're back in it again. Tarzan was like if Kim comes back saying a different tune, singing a  different tune go bwho we should vote, we know he's a traitor. He's trying to get you all to take him instead of me now. See, this is interesting. I don't know, i just-- maybe this was his plan to play stupid. I know, i start to-- to play stupid-- if he ends up winning this thing i  can't think of anything worse, it's like the men win in the end. The thought of that makes me cringe. I think the only reason arb lasch would be willing to give up Tarzan who has  appeared to be one of her minions is she's convinced he is not a minion after  all that he's the mastermind who was going to take out her mastermind and she  was going to look like a fool. It's [ bleep ]. He's playing us. Yeah. He's going to take Christina! And Sabrina. Oh, my God. Okay-- he doesn't want to take us. Yes, yes, he's going to take-- you know why-- no, no, how about this-- i just  realized i almost got my ass kicked by Tarzan. When Kim came back today i had to confide in her and we cross-referenced each  other's stories and we are getting fed the same b.s.. He's going to take you. I know, wait. Tarzan wants to take Kim out, and then secure his spot with Christina and Sabrina  and take me out and make me look like the fool. Hell, no! Hell to the no. We're getting played. Do you know that? We're saving our butts. Here. Okay, okay. What did he tell you-- he comes to me and he's like Christina. And i said, what? He says are you worried about Alicia? And i'm. Oh, my God! If didn't realize this, i would have gone straight up Tarzan. I would look like an idiot in front of everybody. Now you're getting all paranoid? Now you're trying to play the game? Now you're trying to work the social game? I am the queen of the social game. If Chelsea wins immunity, we're taking Tarzan out. If Chelsea doesn't win immunity, then Chelsea goes home. And i don't feel bad about that choice, either, because home girl has been  trying to run her game on me. No one runs her game on me. That's the ghetto puerto rican coming out. Oh, well, i don't care. Don't try it make me look like a fool by trying to take me out at the end. I'm the most powerful player and i'm going to remain the most powerful player. Jeff: Come on in, guys! You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge? Yes. Yes. Jeff: First things first, take back the necklace, Kim. Thank you. Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you will use the large fish thooks pick up bags of  puzzle pieces. You'll then use the pieces to complete a puzzle in the shape of a fish  skeleton. To make it a little more interesting, you'll do it with one hand tied behind  your back. First person to get it right wins immunity, guarantee a one in five shot at  winning this game. Losers, you will go to tribal council. Somebody will be voted out of the game. Let's draw for spots. We'll get started. All right, here we go. For immunity. Survivors ready? Go! First you have to hook three fish hooks. Then you have to hook your puzzle pieces with the hooks. Kim has hers very quickly. Alicia has hers. Sabrina has hers. Tarzan has his first bag. Christina has it. Now Chelsea has it. Everybody working on their first bag. You're completing the lowest section of the fish skeleton. Kim off to a quick start in this challenge. Alicia now getting in on it. Chelsea now working on her pieces. Everybody in it at this point. Once you have all of the bottom section completed, you can head back and get  the next bag of puzzle pieces. Kim has her last piece. She's heading back and right on her tail is Alicia. Chelsea has her first section completed. Chelsea, Alicia, and Kim now working on that second bag of puzzle pieces. Alicia now in the lead. Christina finishes her first section. Kim now has her second bag. She's heading back. It is Kim and Alicia now with their second bags of puzzle pieces. Tarzan finally finishes his first section. He's heading back. Kim gets her bag undone faster than Alicia. Kim is now back in the lead. Tarzan now working on that second bag, and he has it. Tarzan makes quick work of the hooks. That dexterity in the hands of a surgeon paying off. Christina has hers. She's heading back. But Kim and Alicia have had a big head start in this second stage. Sabrina now back. Chelsea the last one. Kim finishes her second section. Heading back for her third and final bag of puzzle pieces. Chelsea finally grabs all four rings. Chelsea has a lot of time to make up. Alicia finishes her second section. Alicia now working on that third and final set of hooks. Kim struggling with that fifth hook. Giving everybody else a lot of time to catch up. Tarzan finishes his second section. Tarzan is now in this. Sabrina and Christina both finish their second sections. Everybody but Chelsea now trying to get that third bag of puzzle pieces. Kim had a huge lead. And she blew it. Could not get it done. And Alicia is now back in the lead. She has her third bag heading back to work on it. Big immunity on the line. Guaranteed spot in the final five. Chelsea finishes her second section. Sabrina has her five hooks. She's working on the third section. Kim who was in the lead finally hooks her third bag and can head back. Chelsea has her third bag. She's now in it. And she drops it just before getting to the end. This is it. Right here. Kim, hustling now, trooig to catch up. It is Kim and Alicia. Alicia in the lead. Kim right behind her. Alicia very close now. Kim picking up the pace. Closing the gap. Alicia has one piece left and one drops. Alicia drops another piece. Starting to panic. Kim with two pieces left. Alicia with two pieces left. Going to come down to the wire. Kim drops one! Gotta pick up another. Alicia has it. Alicia wins immunity! By seconds over Kim. Alicia, come on over. [ applause ] it was neck and neck between you and Kim. You snatched victory at the last second. Your first individual immunity win. And it means are you safe tonight at tribal council, and you will be in the  final five. As for the rest of you, it has been 36 very tough days, tough game to play. Chelsea, Tarzan, Christina, Kim, Sabrina, for one of you, it will come to an  end tonight. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. I'll see you at tribal. Congrats. I am probably the most surprised about my win today. It's awesome. If i was back at home i would be with my girls saying, "look at me now."  you be. Great job, girl. I should have won that. You bitch! What did you call her? Bitch. How dare you beat me? Actually, i should have won that. That wasn't even athletic. Thanks. No, i'm just saying, i should have. Today is all about me. And i have the choice, you know, keeping Chelsea around or Tarzan. And do i get rid of my power? I control three votes-- my vote, Tarzan's vote, and Christina's vote. But as far as Tarzan-- and i kind very far this selfish vibe, like should  should i give up power now? But at the same time, i'm afraid he's going to backstab me. Before we left camp, i convinced Alicia and Christina that Tarzan is trying  to take you and Christina-- shut up. I'm not kidding. Like, listen. He's trying to take me out. So i convinced Alicia it's me and her he's trying to take out because we're  the two strongest player. We went through all this stuff about how inconsistent he's been, what he said  to Alicia. They're floored. Oh, my God. They're as excited to take him out as they were to take Kat out. What. I swear. Somehow or another, Kim has finagled her way into Alicia's mindset that Tarzan  is gunning for Alicia. Now before, Alicia, she was gunning for Chelsea first. But what i just heard from Kim, if it's true, we can get this sucker Tarzan  out of here. But Alicia's slick. We don't know if she's telling the truth. So who knows? So she's freaking out. She thinks he's coming after her, and he's trying to take Sabrina and Christina. They still want to take you out first then him. So i don't know what to do from here. I just know this really helps. And i-- i tried, like, so hard, i pushed for it as much as i felt i could  push for it without making it really obvious. Yeah, yeah. But then i start to get nervous because i'm, like, what if they're playing me? And they do vote me because that's what he's going to be saying. And i could go home. Not if you play your idol. It depends on how i'm feeling. I would maybe risk it. That's how sure i feel they want to take him out right now. Oh, my God. I'm sorry. I know that's really stressful. If Alicia doesn't vote out Tarzan, i will probably vote with Alicia, Christina  and Tarzan to take Chelsea out. My struggle to keep chels in this game and use an idol that takes me to the  final four no Matter what seems like an unwise decision to put everything on  the line for Chelsea and Sabrina with six people left in the game when i know  for a fact i could sit at the final four. Do you know what infuriates me? What. Do you know what infuriates me? What. People like that, that are going to be here longer than me. What? No, no, no. Huh? You're going to go to the end. It's not the end of the road at all. [ sighs ] that's just what bothers me. Like, if i were to go home tomorrow knowing Christina's here, after 35 days. Don't think like that. I shouldn't think like that. You know how this game can quickly change. Let's just take it our by our. Not even freaking day by day now, hour by hour. This plan tonight hinges on pretty much two people to sway the votes. Kim to sway Alicia's mind to say we're all in this together and we want that  sucker Tarzan gone. He is out to get you. And it all hinges on Alicia believing every morsal of what comes out of Kim's  mouth. Kim, she bats her baby blue eyes and looks right dead at you, and it's really  hard not to believe Kim. See, i'm still walking with you, even though my foot is messed up. But i sense-- i sense you don't want me to go down to the top three. No! You sure? I feel that-- i mean, you can tell me the truth. Listen-- no, file we need to take out-- ow! Chelsea today. Yes, is Kim still on board with that? Yes, i talked to her. We're all good. I've been aware that the girls needed me to help them get rid of the boys. Well, i did that. I actually did that. I help them get rid of five boys. And now if i haven't screwed it up by being irascible the last couple of  days, i hope the girls don't jump on me tonight but actually knock out Chelsea. If it's you, me, and Christina, i think you've got it nailed. If Alicia would think it through a little bit better she'd see why that would  be better for her. Except they know there's no way for her to really trust me, and so she could  be influenced by Kim. How about if we end up taking Kim? If you take Kim, i think you're best bet at winning, if you take Christina. I think Kim-- Kim's, her angelic face her blue eyes, she might twin after  all, and that's not fair to you. Kim, with her angelickize, actually fooled Troyzan and Jay-bird, so good  knows, she could probably fool Alicia. Here we go! Put it on. I bet $5? O-m-g. This isn't offensive to anybody if i wore this? That tank top has dried blood on it. All right. I wouldn't want women's dirty panties touching the skin on my forehead. I don't want to blindside Tarzan tonight. We have a father-daughter-like relationship. But at the same time, he might reunite with Sabrina and take christine and  persuade her. And those are things that i want to avoid. Please, please, hold the applause. No, no, no, no. Please. This is killing me. I want to say i trust Kim. I want to say 100%, but there is, like, this doubt in my mind that maybe  she's playing me. So it's, like, i don't know. I really don't know which one do i go with? Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Oh, boy. Jeff: Jonas, Michael, Jay, Leif, Troyzan, and Kat, voted out at the last  tribal council. So, Sabrina, here we are, down to a hand full, and are you still here. Surprise you? No, not really. You know, if you don't put yourself in the mix, then, you know, you've  already defeated yourself from the start. So of course you have to include yourself. Jeff: Still believe you can win? Why not? Yeah. Jeff: Tarzan, you're still here. Only by the grace of God i'm still here. Jeff: Why do you think you are still here when all the other guys are over on  the jury? Because i helped the ladies get rid of the guys. Jeff: But that moment has come and gone. And my moment's probably just about over. But, you know, if somebody wants to take me to the end, i'll go. I'm not stupid. But it wouldn't be a bad tactic because these five guys are going to vote for  what, a millionaire? I don't think so. Jeff: So, Sabrina, somebody who doesn't believe he can win and no one else  seems to believe he can win could become an asset. To a degree, but at the end of the day, we're women and he's still a man, and  no Matter who he helped pick off there may be some people on the jury who are  like, you know what? I don't want a woman to win at all. It's a risk, i think, to take him to the top. Jeff: Tarzan, really, there's very little room to hide. I think our game is solid at the moment. I mean, they've kept their word and almost invariably the right person goes  each time. Jeff: Tarzan, do you think the jury would agree? No, it's human nature when you're voted out, you're not introspective enough  to say, "wait a minute. The person that's voted out isn't in the alignment when the game is-- excuse  me-- afoot." Jeff: But they believe they were. I'll give you that point. Jeff: Tarzan, do you often feel misunderstood in this game? I would say that's true, yeah. It's like the day i wore something and they're worried about migroab croebs  and they have no idea what i know about that and that's why i wasn't worry  but they were. Jeff: What did you wear? He's wearing Kat's tank. I'm wearing this, but i also put her panties on my head, and they were like,  "oh, no! Panty! "just for a joke. And i'm not afraid of those panties at all. Jeff: Sabrina, this really is, on a very base level what "Survivor"  is about. You have to decide, Tarzan wants to put on Kat's shirt, he thinks it's funny. He still might be the guy i take to the end. Those are the decision you weigh. And what i've been weighing is could this brilliant man who is wearing  panties on his head be playing us. Oh, i just wanted to see my weapon wife. I just want the the adventure. And now you want to play the game... Yeah. Jeff: Alicia what the reaction back to camp when Sabrina and Kim were asked  to go with chelso the award. She picked Sabrina, who i thought was a fair choice, definitely. However, was Kim a fair choice, when these two have not been on any rewards  in a while? I mean, that's kind of up to the person who is picking. Kat picked two people that she liked -- and she was voted out. Right. Jeff: Kristina, frustrated that Chelsea didn't pick you? Yeah, there was a little bit of frustration and stuff. There was a conversation between chels and i, and we made an agreement that,  like, we would take each other. So i was a little bit disappointed. But -- so you feel like she broke her word to you. Yes, i did. She also broke her word to me right after that conversation which is why i  didn't take her. Jeff: So what will save you tonight? I think people are starting to get a bigger feel for Tarzan and what he  really might be doing in this game. I don't think it's just an adventure for him. I think he might be playing some people more than they think. Jeff, i'm not playing anybody. And that's all i have to say about it. Jeff: On that note, let's get to the vote. Cannot vote for Alicia. She has immunity. Everybody else is fair game. It is time to vote. Tarzan, you're up. Tarzan, you're up. Tarzan, please get the hell off this island before you drive me crazy. Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now would be  the time to do so. All right, once the votes are read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area immediately. I'll read the vote. First vote, Chelsea. Tarzan. Two votes Tarzan, one vote Chelsea. Tarzan. That's three votes Tarzan, one vote Chelsea. 13th person voted out and the seventh member of our jury, Tarzan. You need to bring me your torch. Tarzan, the tribe has spoken. I want to thank you ladies and you gentlemen for the adventure and for  allowing me to see my wife. Adios. Jeff: Adios, Tarzan. Thanks, Tarzan. Jeff: Well, you've done it. All the men are gone. May the best woman win. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, captioned by media  access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our  next episode. Jeff: Next time on a special two-hour season finale. 13 have fallen, only five women remain. This is still anyone's game. Go! Come on, baby! Jeff: Who will outlast all the rest and become the sole Survivor? Sunday, may 13. To win "Survivor" is the goal. If a million bucks lifts your soul. You must outwit, outplay, outlast, or be a savage, soon outcast. Expect there will be so much to see, people will lie and they will cheat. And i'm going to add one other [yelling]