<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor":  When the two tribes merged into one, Kim was playing both sides. We have to tell each other what's anything down and make sure it goes. I have an all-women's alliance, and i have my Salani alliance. Jeff: When the time came, Kim opted to go with the women and take out the men. This is never going to be the same. It's time for the guys to know where the women stand. Jeff: Troyzan and Jay, the two strongest remaining men, became uneasy. I just don't want them to try to full some past move on us. Jeff: At the immunity challenge, Chelsea came out on top. Chelsea wins individual immunity! Without the protection of an immunity necklace, Troyzan decided it was time  to make a desperate move. Yeah, baby. I have an idol, bro. I'm playing it. If i get Tarzan to vote for Kim, and i get Christina to vote for Kim, would  you vote for Kim. Jeff: Despite his earlier suspicions, Jay maintained his alliance with the  women. He's debating on playing the idol. I figured. Troy is just concerned the women have the numbers. They're going to try to blindside him, but i trust my two girls. Jeff: At tribal council. Jeff... Jeff: Troyzan made good on his idol threat. I'm not going to join that group. Jeff: Any votes cast against Troyzan will not count. With the hidden immunity idol in play, the women's split vote, meant Jay was  sent packing. The ninth member voted off and the third member of our jury. Jay. You need to bring me your torch. The tribe has spoken. Left completely alone, can Troyzan find a way back in? Grab your torches and head back to camp. Nine are left. Who will be voted out tonight. Troy, i knew you had that idol. Say what? Good hunch. Tribal council was the biggest disappointment so far. Jay got voted out, so i'm basically next in line, probably. It is what it is. Nothing personal. Take it as a compliment? You never were going to vote any other way. Correct? I was going to go with whatever was the initial plan. You've been on the block to get voted out, i thought you were like, all  kyleed in. So i don't know why you did that. What do you mean? She's not only one hodid that. That's what's shocking, too. Don't attack her. I'm not attacking her-- hey, i'm asking her a question. You're putting words in my mouth. I can ask her a question. Dude, relax. I'm not relaxed. I'm not going to be relaxed. I can ask the questions. Don't get crazy with me. I will get crazy with you. Troy is digging himself in a bigger hole. He's attacking everybody else and trying to cop an attitude with me. I don't feel like he should be upset with me. I didn't vote for him. I'm glad you answered for yourself. At least she didn't answer for you. I'm totally pissed off. I feel like i'm completely alone now. When i get pissed off, i get fired up. Now i'm going to win every damn immunity. I could give a crap about those people. This is no team anymore. I'm no team player. This is just Troyzan versus everybody else. That's the way i feel. Listen,un, it's really not fair that three or four people that did to me. I feel like i should be here before they should go. I just feel like what the hell are they doing? They don't even know what they're doing here. I'm just-- it's just the game. This is how ridiculous these people are. They somehow think i'm supposed to come back to camp, "it's just a game. Hey, we're just having fun here." i'm like, what are you kidding me  right now? I have the right to be angry. As much as i hate to say it, you have to take it like Jonas. He took it like a man and he deserves to be here more than maybe you. I don't know about that. He worked his ass off here every single day and he took it like a man. Right. These girls are kind of acting like what a lot of women act like in real  life-- they get their house. They get their food. They get all their such. Then as soon as they feel satisfied, they go, guess what? We don't need you no more. You're done. We're done with the guy. Tree mail with a bunch of envelopes for each of us. Wow. Wow! With our names on it! How beautiful! You ready for this? "going once, going twice. This should be some fun. Spend your cash in clever ways and your hunger will be done." can i put  a 20 down for a turkey or something. This is cash money we go to tree mail and it's an auction. They're all talking about, oh, it's food. I don't care about food. If get to the auction and Jeff says, listen, here's a note that can help you  further in the game, i'm buying that thing. I'm spending 500 bucks. That's all i've got. It could have been worse. Jeff: Come on in, guys. Welcome to the "Survivor" auction. You each have 500 u.s. dollars. Bidding is in increments of 20 dollars. You cannot pool your money. You cannot share your item. Shall we get started? Yes. Jeff: First item. I smell peanut butter. Jeff: You smell wrong. I want peanut butter. Jeff: Three donuts and an iced coffee. Iced coffee? Kim. I'm good. Jeff: Kim right out of the gate, 100 bucks. 120. 140, 160. Jeff: 160 to Chelsea. Going once, going twice. Sold, come on up. Go ahead, girl. Jeff: $160 for three donuts and an iced coffee. Oh, my God! Jeff: Go ahead and take a little sample. Delish. Thank you, sir. Oh, my God! That looks great! Jeff: Next item. Chips, guacamole, margarita with ice. 100. Jeff: 100 to alecia? One eight tow 220. 320? Four. Jeff: 400 dollar bid from Sabrina. Oh, my God. Jeff: Going once, twice, sold. Oh, God. It smells so good. Straight from mexico. Oh! I want to buy something. Jeff: Next item, this is a protein boost. This is for somebody who is looking for a little energy, protein shake with  bananas mixed in and a couple on the side. 60. Jeff: Fourth to Kat. 60 to Leif. 100. Jeff: 100 to Leif. $100 going once, twice, sold to Leif. Come on up. Good job, Leif. Good job, Leif. Jeff: Take a sip. Thank you, sir. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Get your butt back over here. Mmm-mmm. Jeff: Next item, "Survivor" shower with with shampoo and tooth brub. 20 buckes. Jeff: 20 to Alicia? 20-- oh. You do 40. It goes in 20s. I'll do 40. Jeff: 40 to Kim. Going once, going twice. I want food. Jeff: Kim just bought a shower for $40. I can't believe i just gave that to her for 40 bucks. Jeff: Have fun. Thanks. This is hilarious. Tarzan, don't stare. Whooo! Oh, my God! For 40 bucks? Jeff: Next item b.l.t., chips, and a cold iced tea. 40. 100. Jeff: 100 to Kat. One 60. 180. Jeff: 180 to Kat. Going once, going twice. Sold to Kat, $180. Oh, there's bacon on there! Did you just say there's bacon. And he clearly said that was a b.l.t.? I know. Jeff: Next item, i anticipate a bidding war. 20 bucks 20 bucks. 200. Jeff: From the shower, Kim bids 200. That was the one thingimented. Jeff: Going once, going twice-- wait, wait a second. Jeff: 200. 220. Jeff: 220 to alaes 2 fourt to the woman in the towel. Don'ting cheap! Jeff: Going once, going twice, sold to Kim. Oh, my God! Jeff: Crazest auction ever, half-naked woman in a towel now has chocolate and  peanut butter. I'm not going to pay 200. Jeff: Alicia, you were given $500. I know, i just didn't want to get worked up. Don't hate me because i'm eating this peanut but nert shower. Jeff: Tarzan, you haven't thought about bidding. I have shocks for my jeep that i have to repair. This will do it. Jeff: Are you putting me on? No, he's dead serious. I waited three months to fix my shocks, and this does it? Jeff: Next item. Been a long time since you heard from your loved one. Letters from home. Oh, no! Oh, my God! Jeff: All of your letters. Opening bid. $500. Jeff: This item is sold. $500 to alaes. All of your money. Who's it from? Someone even wrote me? My dad has never wrote me anything in my life. Alicia, i hope are you doing well. I think about you, your solitude all the time. I read somewhere that preparation powers performance. Know that you are prepared. I don't know anyone better prepared so just give it your best. See you soon. Police officer, dad. Oh! Jeff: Worth the money? Every penny. Okay, Tarzan. It's okay. It's okay. Jeff: Well, here's the deal. The price has been set, a steep one at that, $500. But that is the price of a letter. Anybody else has $500. I'll give you 500. Jeff: You can buy it right now. Oh! Jeff: Tarzan going to spend that. The car repair will have to wait. Come on up, Tarzan. Enjoy. Good job. Jeff: Tarzan, do you want to share? No. Jeff: Does it put the car repair in perspective? I think you made the right choice. Yeah. Jeff: Troyzan, what are you missing right now? I feel completely alone. After last night. Jeff: After the last tribal? Yeah. I just feel i'm alone. And to know that i have a letter there, maybe from my brother or my dad. Encouraging me. It's good, but it's just the feeling of, like, i'm going to have to do  everything on my own. Jeff: Last shot at love letters. I don't have enough money. I don't have enough money. I don't, either. Jeff: All right. Next item. An advantage in the next immunity challenge. Wow. 300. Jeff: 300 to Troyzan. Going once. I don't have the money. I don't have that much money. Christina, you haven't spent a dime. Jeff: 360 to Christina at the last second. Three 80. Get it, Christina. 400. 420. Call five. Jeff: 420 to Troyzan. Going once, going twice. Sold to Troyzan for $420. Damn right. We're still going to vote you off. Jeff: Why the big fist slam? Because it piss me off. Jeff: What annoys you? That they want me out of here. So they're basically-- it's a team against troy. That's why i said i feel alone, because they're all sitting there, "go  up more, go up more." and poor Christina is like, the freaking guinea  pig. You don't think Christina wanted it all? But she wanted it for the team. It's like you're all in favor of Christina getting it. You didn't say like, wow, great job, troy, you got that thing. Great job, troy, you got it. Well, after the fact. Jeff: Tough game, huh, Sabrina? It is. But it's the nature of the game. There's only one winner. I still have money left. Let's go. Jeff: Next item. Yes, i'm hungry. Jeff: Will remain covered and it comes with a note. 60. Jeff: 60. 80. Jeff: 80. 100. Jeff: 100 back to Kat. 120. 160. Jeff: 160 to Kat. Going once, going twice-- let it roll. Jeff: Sold to Kat. What do you got? All right, this is what you bought for $160. Oh, my God! Get out of here! Jeff: Here's the note that comes with it. Read the note out loud. You just bought this cake for the entire tribe. [ cheers ] you have 60 seconds to eat it. I call the strawberries. Right here, right here, right here. Jeff: 60 seconds start now. Oh, my God. Jeff: "Survivor" auction is officially over. So, you know, leaving the auction, i got a note, an advantage to the immunity  challenge, any challenge, if you can get an advantage, hey, take it. "congratulations. You will move directly to the second stage of this immunity challenge. Your odds of winning immunity have just increased from one in nine to one in  four, baby." that's right, baby. I'm winning this thing. I have to win. He's knuckleheads don't know what they got themselves into. You cannot mess with Troyzan. You think you have me outsmarted. They don't. They're very scared, and that tells me something. I'm think, heck. That immunity idol, if there's a new one out there, i'm going to start  looking. I'll do it in front of everybody. I don't really care. You put fear in people's hearts and you can scramble them a little bit. Oh, i hate this! Oh, i hate this! How does he even know there is an idol. We don't, but there are eight of us and one of him and if we all go looking  for it the chances of us finding it are far greater than him finding it. When Jeff brought out the letter that would give someone an advantage on the  next immunity challenge, we knew christine aftershock the only one that still  had enough money left that could take it from troy. And when she backed out, i think everyone just was like oh! How could you do that? So annoying. The way i see it is that troy has put the crosshairs on his back. It's eight against one right now. We just want to take him down more than anything. But right now, troy is going to put more heart into this game than most of  the people here. I see Kim, like, looking at me, and i pull out the little piece of cloth, and  i start stuffing it in and act like i'm zipping something up. Letting them think i have an idol. I need to know what that fool found. I'm acting more cocky now, because i basically can. I've got nothing to lose. They're already looking at me like what's in his pockets, you know? I want them thinking i've got it. All right, let's just say hypothetically he did find it. If he found an idol, we'll flush it out with the votes. Eventually he'll be gone. It suction he has the advantage in the immunity challenge. It's about as big a disaster as could have happened at the auction today. If he found it and he won the immunity idol, that would be a two bummer. That would be the absolute worst if he wins immunity and has the immunity  idol on top of that. It's disaster. He's going to be like, you know, scary. Who knows what he can pull off. He's a really smart guy. So hopefully we can get rid of him before he does something too crazy that  sends me home. Look, everybody gets crazy when they know the whole tribe's after you. At the end of the day, that one person never wins. Jeff: Come on in, guys! All right, you guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge. Yes. Yeah. Jeff: First things first. Chelsea, i'm coming for it. Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you will race to untangle knotted ropes. The first four to finish will move on to the next round where you will race  up a stack of craits, bounce a coconut off a trampoline, attempting to knock  out your targets. The first two move on to the final round where you will use a slingshot to  fire coconuts at a wall of target. First person to knock out three targets in a row, either horizontal,  vertical, or diagonally, wins immunity, safe at tribal council, and  guaranteed a one in eight shot at winning this game. Losers, tribal council, where after 27 days, somebody will be voted out. Troyzan, at the auction, you spent nearly all of your money to buy one thing,  an advantage in this challenge. Open the note. Read it. Okay. "accusations. You will move directly to the second stage of this immunity challenge."  all right. Jeff: Troyzan sits out the first round. Take a spot on the bench. Everybody else, we will craw for spots. We'll get started. Here we go. First three to finish move on to the next round where you will join Troyzan. Survivors ready? Go. Got to untie the bundle of ropes to the ring at the end. Troyzan spent over $400 to skip this step. While everybody else was eating, he was worried about this challenge. Sabrina picking up the pace. Kat doing a nice job. A lot of people in this. Very close. Three people moving on. Tarzan very close. Kim very close. Christina's in this. Tarzan on his last bits of rope. Kim on her last bits. Christina on her last bits. Chelsea trying to catch up. Three people are moving on. Once you have the ring, step on your mat. Tarzan, the first to move on! Christina very close. Kim has her ring. She's moving on. Christina has a ring. She's moving on! Christina, Kim, and Tarzan will join Troyzan in the second round. Ya! Jeff: Here we go. First two to finish move on to the final round. Survivors ready? Go. Let's go, let's go. Jeff: This is a race. As a Matter of fact you can go. Come on! Jeff: Tarzan knocks out his first target. Nice, Kim. Jeff: Kim just misses. Jeff: Troyzan connects. Troyzan has one target out. Tarzan just missed. Kim misses again. Jeff: Christina. Troyzan hits his second target. It's all right. .Jeff: Kim hits her first target. Troyzan has one target left. Just miss. Kim knocks out her second target. Tarzan hits his second target. Christina still empty-handed. Jeff: Troyzan knocks out his third target. Come on! Jeff: He's moving on to the final. This is my island. You can't beat me. Shut up. Oh, please. Oh, oh, my God. Pleaseioc this fool out. Jeff: We're looking for one more person in the final to join Troyzan. Jeff: Tarzan taking aim. This could do it. And it does! Tarzan moves on to the final joining Troyzan. All right, babe. That's all right, babe. That's all right. That's all right, girl. Jeff: Here we go. Final round, Tarzan versus Troyzan. Grab a coconut. Go up to the slingshot. It's one shot at a time. Your goal-- knock out three in a row, either horizontal, vertically, or  diagonally. First to do it wins immunity. Here we go. First shot. Three, two, one, launch. Troyzan connects and Tarzan connects. Nice, baby! Jeff: Both connect on their first hit. Great job. You got this, Tarzan. Jeff: Next round, three, two, one. Release. Jeff: Troyzan connects on his second shot. It's okay, it's all right. Jeff: Tarzan just misses. Troyzan in the lead now. Knocking out targets is part of the goal. Making them in a line is the key. Next shot when you're ready. Troyzan knocks outaise third target. Tarzan knocks out his second target. Nice, baby. Jeff: Both guys one shot away from winning. Troyzan trying to hit either the lower left target or dead center in the  middle to connect three. Tarzan needs to hit the lower left. Here we go. Troyzan must win this challenge to stay in this game. And just misses. Tarzan knocks out his third target. Nierks baby. Tarzan now has a few more options for the win. He can go top left, bottom left, or middle bottom. Could be the last shot right here. When you're ready. Tarzan just misses. Troyzan knocks out his third target in a row. Yes! Jeff: Troyzan wins immunity. Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Don't [ bleep ] with me. That's, like-- you just bought one round. That's it. I'm going to continue like that. I'm competitive. Let's go, then, keep bringing it. All right. Come on, keep bringing it. Let's go. You guys are scared to death. Oh, really? What? I've been going 50%. Now, let's go. You want to keep scrambling, do it. Jeff: Troyzan, come on over. Sounds like you definitely needed it. You earned it. Troyzan is safe at tonight's tribal council. As for the rest of you, somebody going home tonight. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. I'll see you at tribal. We'll figure it out. Congrats. Thank you. Can i say something? Yes, you may. Of course. You need to know, i like you. But, please, if you win, be noble. It looks bad. I'm highly competitive person. This is the way that i am. Everyone's personality is different. I'm frustrated because i know everyone's against me. If there were seven people against you and you just felt like you beat seven  people, you might scream, too. I can't change my personality midstream and be like, oh, i want to be some  noble guy and just go like-- bow. I just want to say. I'm your friend. Shake my hand. I'm still anything to try to beat you. Okay, great. I would hope that you would. Okay. This thing feels outstanding. It is like a-- it changes my whole day. It changes everybody else's happy-go-lucky mood to, now what? Paranoia. Does he have an immunity idol as well? It's like their worst-case scenario, their worst-case scenario. Troy wins. Thought. Huh? Thoughts? Well, what i thought is we keep our strongest women in till we have to take  them out. Absolutely. The second thought is he has an idol. You think? I think. Then my second thought was, if we took another guy out, i'd say Leif. But then it's like that's someone we could beat over a girl. But if we take a girl it's just going to-- i think-- that's my thought. I think as long as Leif's here we need to keep it simple. If we try to pull a move, he'll feel it, he'll get wind of it. He'll flip everything upside down. The one thing all of us didn't want to happen today was for troy to win and  it happened. So immediately you start to think about tribal. I think if we were to take a girl out right now, it would do nothing but  create chaos and paranoia, and that's the last thing we need right now. So it's easy to take either Tarzan out or Leif out. So everyone's voting me out? What. Everyone's voting me out. You or me. One of the two of us. Yeah. Maybe. You don't know. They may go after-- have you talked to anybody at all? They're being very coy. So i don't care. Yeah. I should have won today. Then i'd be safe. But i couldn't-- i couldn't beat him. He's too good. The best strategy for me tonight is i'm going to talk to Leif, Christina,  alaes, and Tarzan. I'm going to be point blank, like, you are on the bottom. So if you're stock market come along with me, and we have five votes, and we vote  out Kim. Look at this. Here's the scenario. It's Kim, Chelsea, Kat, Sabrina. Those are four strong players. So now i have the immunity necklace. You guys have a chance to do something huge. I know. And if you get rid of one of those players, then all of a sudden, you can  pick them all off. We break off those four girls over there and basically you could pick them  off one by one. It would not be that difficult. To me there are four people that are, like, you know, treated like they're  the bottom. Yeah. And that they're going. Yes. Me included. You, Leif, Christina and Alicia. Yeah. That's four. I could join you guys to make five. Yeah. You could get rid of a huge player. That would be the best scenario. The worst would be, like, probably if you they decide to vote out a Leif or Christina  because that takes away any chance i have of situation someone to vote, and  the girls have major control. Kim, Chelsea, Sabrina and Kat are together. And they're strong together. And they're not going to tell you guys that they are. They're just going to basically act like, okay, you're with us. And this is how shu vote. If you four would get together and really get together, you can move  yourself-- and i said, you know, you guys can move yourselves ahead. Why are you going to stick with "the plan" if your plan is  basically for those girls to vote you out number six or seven, whatever? You know. Five, you could go to four easily. Hello! Hi! What's to stop you and Tarzan, Leif, and Christina getting rid of a strong  person right now? Now it's 5-4. Oh, no, i definitely understand what you're saying. I totally do. And, like, i feel like i don't want to make a rash decision right now. Okay. But, like, that is something that i'm not closing my door to. Okay. &gt;&gt;un, troy is on to something. Let's say troy comes out to be this, like, God of, you know, immunity  challenges. You know, i'm going to side with troy. I'm no dummy. I need to be the first one. It's something i have to think about. I'm hoping this group all come along with me. Vote for Kim. I'll vote for Kim and they can all be at five today. This is the only opportunity you're going to get. It's that simple. Be with me. You can't go wrong. You can't go wrong. Jeff: I'll now bring in the members of our jury. Jonas. Michael. And Jay, voted out at the last tribal council. So at both the auction and the challenge today, Troyzan, there was a lot of  animosity, a lot of energy directed really from you to all of the women. Correct. It's like i told them that's my competitive juices coming out, and that's  just the way i played. It was obvious there wasn't a soul that was rooting for me. What do you expect when you point in our face-- say what? What do you expect when you point in our faces and you're like, "you  will never beat me. This is my [ bleep ] island." and you said [ bleep ] you. No, i said don't [ bleep ] with me. There's a big difference. Do you expect for to us have a great reciprocity. No, while the thing was going on you guys could give a crap. Don't make us look like the bad guys. I'm not making you look like anything. You're making yourselves look like what you are. You're a great competitor, but in the last 48 hours i have seen you morph  into a treature i can't identify. It's so terrible. Troyzan. The ultimate terror. Big deal. Do you think i really care? I'm saying you can't be all extreme in one way. No Matter how long you outwit, outplay, outlast someone, you have took  somewhat likable. You're not my mother saying what i can and can't do. You're saying i can to this and i can't do that. I didn't say that. You did say that. What you're saying is wrong. I'm just speaking the truth. If you can't handle the truth-- jew nosthis is truth in "Survivor."  there is the ultimate truth coming from Sabrina who basically deceived me and  lied to Jay. What's next, mrs. Truth? You lied. I am two-- did you lie, yes or no? Yes or no. No. Oh, yeah, right. Why are you getting upset, dude? I'm not getting upset. I'm not either. I'm not raising my voice. I'm not either. This is my tone of voice. This is my tone of voice as well. Jeff: Chelsea, in the context of competition, you've got to respect a guy who  is fighting to stay in this game because right now, if it's men versus women,  you have three guys who are in trouble, unless something happens. Yeah, and today the whole paranoia thing set in. And i started thinking about the old Manono. Jeff: Who is the old Manono. There's Tarzan, Leif, Christina, alecia, and of course i think troy is trying  to switch and get all the people together on his side. But it's, like, Tarzan, Leif, and Christina are going next. It's the facts. Kim, Chelsea, Sabrina, and Kat. Those four can do whatever they want. I told these guys today, listen, right now, you have my vote. And you have my for immunities. But you can go from getting voted out tonight, Tarzan, getting voted out  tonight, Leif, getting voted out tonight, to automatically guarantee yourself  to be at five, and they can do it right now. If they would vote Kim out. That's all it would take. But what you're promising them is only going to work if you win every single  immunity challenge. No, it's not. I beat you on the last one. That's not true. Are you beatable. If we're a group, you don't get immunity, we vote Sabrina out. If we're smart we vote Kim out tonight. If you don't get immunity, we vote you out. That's not true because we would have five against four. You can't. To me the fault with all of this logic is everybody is making a lot of  assumptions, and nobody knows whoalize where and who is with who. If it was that simple and Christina and alecia were at the bottom that would  be the truth. That's not the case. Jeff: Kristina, walk me through what you have to weigh when you hear Troyzan's  pitch. I mean, Troyzan puts out a really interesting proposition. It's basic math. Five against four. It also puts me in an interesting situation as well. Like, i do believe in the original alliance i had from the Salani tribe. The bottom line is, this game is about deception. This game is about outwit, outlast, outplay, so it's good to hear options  that are out there. Jeff: Alicia, what happens if somebody flips? What would do do to this game? If any of us would split or any of us would go to troy, the girls would be  screwed. It's not going to me. It's for yourselves. I understand that. I also have the same concerns as Christina. Do i trust somebody all of a sudden now? Jeff: It really does come down to that, doesn't it? When do i make a move? Yeah, that's what i'm struggling with. Jeff: Well, one thing we know for sure, it will not be Troyzan. You cannot vote for him. Everybody else is fair game. It is time to vote. Troyzan, you're up. Kim, you're a fantastic player. And probably the best girl here. Leif, i think you have been really wishy-washy from day one and it makes  everyone feel a little uneasy. Little uneasy. Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now would be  the time to do so. Okay, once the votes are read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Leif. Leif. Leif. That's three votes Leif. Kim. Kim. Two votes Kim. Tarzan. Tarzan. That's two votes Tarzan. Tarzan. We're tied. Three votes Tarzan. Three votes Leif. Two votes Kim. One vote left. Tenth person voted out and the fourth member of our jury, Leif. You need to bring me your torch. Leif, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Bye, guys. Jeff: Well, Tarzan and Troyzan, it would appear you have two options -- win  immunity or find a way in. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, media access group at  wgbh access.wgbh.org Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode. Jeff: Next time on "Survivor. The women are fighting. This is my worst day out here. Jeff: Troyzan moves in for the kill. You need to wake up. What would be your master plan? If you want me to give you a vote, i'll give you a vote. I need three people in whom i can be the fourth and that would turn  everything upside down. That would be beautiful. One of the number one things i've always wanted to do, being able to sleep  under the stars and really just take it all in. The whole guy and girl thing, that definitely was an interesting thing. I can't believe i'm here. It kind of feels like it was coming sooner or later. I definitely gave it my all.