<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor."  Kim and the women have taken out the men systematically since the merge  leaving Troyzan outnumbered on the chopping block. With his back against the wall, Troyzan needed to win immunity. Troyzan comes up a little short. Tarzan really taking his time. Tarzan moves on, Troyzan is out. No shot at immunity. The women believed Troyzan might have another hidden immunity idol and  decided to split their vote. It's best to be smart, we throw two votes at Christina. Jeff: Troyzan got wind of the plan when Christina spilled the beans. I heard my name will be written down. When Christina said who they're going to split the vote with i'm like great,  that's what i need to hear. Jeff: Needing only one more person to shift the votes against Christina, Troyzan  appealed to Kat. You are on the bottom. You should consider changing your mind about who you're voting for. Never say die. Not in "Survivor." Jeff: At tribal council, Christina was on the  hot seat. There are six women. Has therein there been much talk about who is number six? I wouldn't say amongst all six of us. The general consensus was you didn't have strategy. I have been strategizing throughout the game. I just don't talk about it. Jeff: In the end... The 11th person voting out and fifth member of the jury, Troyzan  was the fifth man but delivered a message to Kat before he left. Do it. Jeff: It has been the mission of this group to get rid of Troyzan. Mission accomplished. Seven are left. Who will be voted out tonight. Like that was your final word? It's really good that troy is gone. I, like, physically feel relieved. Like, i feel, like... You know when you have a pit in your stomach and it  goes away? That's how i feel now that troy is gone. How did you get three votes? Troy played her. Troy switched his vote? Yup. You could have potentially went home today. I know i could have. Tribal tonight just showed how stupid Christina is. Seeing Christina answer the questions in front of the jury made her look dumb  whereas Sabrina actually can talk and she can sway them the more she's left  here. The whole time Jonas was looking at christie that like "why is this girl  still here?" the more christie that opens her mouth at tribal council  it's so much better than having Sabrina there. Now it's just us girls and Tarzan and he's really not a threat. But Sabrina scares me so i personally don't want her here. So i'm not worried. I think i'm sitting in a perfect spot. You know, people have said that i'm the misfit or that i'm at the bottom and  little do they know i'm at the top controlling everything. I'm the most powerful player in this game. Treemail! [screaming] sprint, i love you! Oh, my God! So Sabrina and i get treemail and when i lifted the box and saw  "sprint" i already knew what was happening. Gather everyone around. Come closer. We have to put together a freaking puzzle. Psych! Stop shaking it! We have video mail! Oh, my gosh! Oh, my gosh! "you've been living a life without limits and simplicity provides your  power. When spontaneous decisions breed success, it's more than food you shall  devour." oh, my God! Shh! You have to be very quiet! Hello, Sabrina. [screaming] you're on the island. Your absence is a void in everyone's heart. Today we got treemail from sprint. I never thought sprint could be so good to me and it was my brother who came  all the way out to the island. Hopefully i'll get to see him and spend time with him today. Hi, sister! Oh! All i have to say is you better win the next challenge because i had to work  two doubles to make this trip happen. I'm super proud of you. I love you and i hope you're doing well. Hey, Chelsea! Came a long way down here to see you on this island. It's gorgeous. Hope you're doing well. Everybody back home is saying how much they love you and miss you. We think about you all the time. I love my dad. Hi, Christina. Oh, my God, my dad. I hope you're doing well and i hope that you're not suffering as much as i am. My dad just got a kidty transplant last year. He only has about five to ten years to live. He's only 53 and i want to do so much for him and, yes, it's urgent. Because i feel like whatever i'm doing right now is never enough and i need  to do more. I love you and i am very proud of you. Hi, Kim. I'm here. Can you believe it? I'm so, so proud of you and i want you to know how much i love you. I'm hoping to spend time with you. I love you so much. Yeah! Kat, wow, i can't believe it. I actually made it here. I'm so excited to see you. I'm so proud of you. You've been doing so good. I got to see my cousin who's my best friend and the most important person in  my whole life. And we really can't wait to see you. Tarzan. Yeah, Tarzan. Hi tweety, how's my Tarzan doing? To see my wife on the sprint phone reminds me of what a treasure she is in my  life. I don't deserve her. Somehow i got her. God blessed me with her. Just a wonderful thing for us to be able to live together till we do. My bed is awful lonely. Sure miss you a whole lot. Love you. She's here! She's here! There's people that need to see their family because they may not have that  much longer here on this earth. Tarzan is in a 30-year marriage, he's 64, they don't have children. It's just... I hope the other women are thinking like that and not being too  selfish and so it's kind of like i'm playing for me and Tarzan today. Jeff: Come on in, guys! All right, this morning in treemail you received the evo 3d from sprint. I'll get it back, Alicia. Thank you. So, Tarzan, did off video message from teri, your wife? Yes, i feel her spirit now that she's on this island. Jeff: So the only thing that would make this day better is if they were all  right here in person. Yeah. Jeff: And they are. Kim, here's your sister beth. Oh, my gosh! Kim, what's the feeling when you hug someone who you know is truly safe? It's unbelievable. Beth is my older sister, she's been a second mom to me my whole life. She's my best friend in the whole world and she's the most real person i've  ever known. She takes good care of me. I love you. I love you, too. Jeff: All right, guys take a spot over here. Christina, who was your video message from? From my dad. He just had a kidney transplant last year so i always worry about his  well-being. Knowing that, you know, my dad may not be around for another five, ten years  is just... This experience means so much to me. Jeff: All right, Christina, let's bring your dad out. Here's Christina's father. Oh, he's not messing around. He's running. Hi, daddy! I'm so glad you're here. Oh, i missed you. I missed you, too! Jeff: Sung, have you been worried about Christina? Clearly you adore her. Yeah, i misher dearly but i knew she could hang in there. She sets her goal and she's like a pit bull. Jeff: Christina, what has changed about how you see your dad? I feel guilty that i don't visit him enough. I wish i could see him so much more. You know, this is family. I can't be away from him. Jeff: All right, guys take your spot over here. Okay, let's go. Chelsea, here's your dad ken. Daddy! I missed you so much! How'd you get so tan? It's dirt, it's not tan. It's dirt. I love you so much. Jeff: Chelsea, you can't get enough. I know. I've been like a hard ass on the show, but this is my soft spot right here. Jeff: After 31 days of being the tough woman out here, i think what everybody  is seeing right now is the little girl. Really? Jeff: Your face looks different. I'm so happy. Jeff: Take a spot. Sabrina, here's your brother tony. Come on out, tony. Oh! Wow! Jeff: He's sprinting. Let me see you, oh, my God! I love you so much! Jeff: Tony, have you been worried about her? I know she's tough and resilient but this is amazing. She's truly a soldier. What i love most about him is that he puts me before himself and that's what  a big brother is supposed to do and, um, this is priceless right here. Just this right here. Jeff: Alicia, here's your sister leticia. Come on out. Tell me about your relationship. I'm sure she's struggling with her emotions right now because we aren't an  emotional family. We express our affection in a different way. We're very sar cast wick each other. I want you to know that i'm so, so, so proud of you. Jeff: Kat, are you ready to see your wassen? I'm ready to see him. Jeff: Rock robby, come on out. It's Kat's cousin. Oh, my God! How did... Oh what are you doing? [laughter] i don't even know what she's saying. Jeff: I think they're speaking their own language. [laughter] you have no idea. He's the one that pushes me everyday. We work together, we live together, we breathe together. He's the most important person in my life! And he's here on this island with me! Hilarious! Tarzan! Tarzan! Jeff: Wow! Tarzan! Jeff: Let's bring out your wife teri. Teri, come on out. Let's see who married this crazy guy who calls himself Tarzan. I'm sorry. Jeff: Teri, how's life different without Tarzan around? It's been 31 days you've been without him. Very lonely. He's my everything. You take him away, i'm lost. Jeff: Me too, sweetie. Jeff: Tarzan, how have you stayed connected to teri out here? We're soul mates. We have a quantum entanglement. Jeff: I could haven't put it any better. All right, guys, joined the rest of the loved ones. Hi, teri! Jeff: Let's get to today's reward challenge. Survivors, you will be attached to a rope that is woven through a series of  obstacles. On my go you will race to untangle that rope and make your way through the  course. First person to finish wins reward. You want to know what you're playing for? Yes! Jeff: You and your loved one will go to a beautiful spot where you will enjoy  fish, chicken, beef kebobs, margaritas. This will be a chance for you to share a once in a lifetime experience with  your loved one. Worth playing for? Yes! Jeff: All right, one more twist. Your loved ones will be attached to you. Oh, i knew that. You will be running it together. We got it! Jeff: We'll get you paired up and get started. All right, here we go. For an afternoon with your loved ones, Survivors ready? Go! Rope management is key in this. You need slack. Once you figure out how to use the slack you'll figure out the key to this  challenge. Pull it! Come on! Kim and beth getting through the first obstacle. Christina and sung getting through it. Oh, God! Jeff: Alicia and leticia are there n there. Kat and robby moving. Ken is through. It's in a knot, tony! Jeff: Brother and sister struggling. Kim and beth attacking the course. Chelsea and her dad are working together well. We're in it, daddy. Come on! Jeff: Kat, Alicia, Chelsea and Kim along with their loved ones are in the  lead. Big reward and everybody wants it. Kat and robby now starting to pull ahead. Kim and beth got to pick it up. Alicia, you've got to get moving. Damn! Jeff: Sabrina and tony completely out of this challenge. Oh, my God! Jeff: Tarzan, you need to pick it up if you want to spend time with your wife. Christina and her dad doing their best but they're falling behind. We are down to three and it's very close. Kim and her sister, Chelsea and her dad, Kat and her cousin. Dude, come on! Jeff: Kat and robby getting caught up in those last few bits of rope. The door is open new. Kim and beth are now working it. Chelsea and her dad are now back in it. If you want to spend time with your loved one, you've got to move. Kat and robby have figured it out. Got to get to the finish right here. Very close. Keep moving! Kim and beth are right there. It's neck in neck! Kim is through. Kat is through, robby's got to get through. Kat and Kim, who's going to get to the finish first. Come on! Move! Jeff: Very close, move, beth! Let's go, robby. Jeff: Come on! Kat and robby win the reward. [screaming] i won one, guys! Come on, i won one! Jeff: Kat and robby, come on over here. [cheers and applause] Jeff: So an afternoon away from camp. Choose one Survivor and their loved one to join you for the afternoon. Um, Kim. Good job. Jeff: Even though kym didn't choose Kat last time, Kat is choosing Kim this  time. Kat, one more person to choose. Um... Alicia. Jeff: Alicia, who also went on the last we ward without Kat. Now, here's the thing, i have an explanation. I've been wanting to hang out with these two girls for a very long time. Just us and have a great... And alcohol. I mean, margaritas! Oh, my God! I'm about to get drunk. Jeff: All right, Kat, Kim, Alicia. The evo 3d from sprint. With that you can record some memories, take some videos, take some photos. For the rest of you, time to say good-bye to your loved ones. You don't have long, all right? I'm so proud of you. I love you. Bye, guys. Have fun. God, she should have picked you, Tarzan. Tarzan and Christina should have been the ones to go. Christina, Tarzan, Chelsea, grab your stuff head back to camp. Guys, you should have a fun afternoon. Get out of here, go enjoy it. I felt like that was a really selfish decision for Kat not to take Tarzan and  Christina. I don't know how angry they're going to be but i'm going to have do major  damage control back at camp. Ladies and gentlemen, lunch is ready now. Help yourself. I feel like a won the best reward. Like, i won! You see me at this challenge? It's like, yes, i won something! And i really deserved to win, dang it! I haven't won anything! I really just wanted to spend time with Kim and Alicia on a genuine  friendship level. Maybe i shouldn't have picked those two people strategically but i did and  you can't go back on it. What are you going to do? Am i going to dwell on it? No, i'll eat my cake, get drunk and go back to the tribe and deal with them  later. It's good to finally meet y'all. Us three, day one it was already done. Uh-huh. What's the deal? So our whole tribe was all women, now we have six girls left. We eliminated all the guys. Right now serve so in check. Tarzan is in check. Sabrina is in check, that's why i think we should take out Sabrina before Christina  because Christina knows the deal. This reward is the one time we were able to finally talk about our final  three. Do i believe this is the final three? Yes. Do i want to jinx it no? No, i'm not going to speak about it. It's a seriously confidential situation. The longer i do this the more i think this is my best option. These guys? Uh-huh. To win. I don't think Alicia will get many votes. She's not well liked. But she's delusional about that and Kat, she would be the person that would  have a show like how a million dollars ruin mid-life in a year and she  doesn't know where she spent the money. My whole ploy to both of them is you're going to kick my ass in the end but i  would be really surprised if there's anybody that you feel that way about i  would say stake with them. Final three talk is happening all over the place. We have to do videos. Do it! I feel like this may be my best option to go with Kat and Alicia who i feel  like i can be... They want to vote off Sabrina but i've had an alliance with Sabrina  since the beginning so i would be voting out someone that i was previously in  the top three with. But at the end of the day if i don't think i can win against Sabrina that  would be stupid to take her to the final three with me. Dude, i am so mad right now. Like, honestly, if Kat would have picked me i would have said no, Tarzan's  going. I would have switched out. No doubt in my mind you two should have went. Period. What it was, it was totally selfish. True. Maybe if i begged she would have taken me. No. I don't think she would have taken you. That's how she is. I would have picked Tarzan. That's just the obvious choice. Because this man needs to see his wife, period. Then Christina because of the kidney transplant, her dad may have a couple  years left. So that really pissed me off. Kat is a bratty 23-year-old who doesn't deserve to go to the end. This is definitely enough reason to make me vote off Kat. Yeah. Easily. I think she's in the firing line but i think she's at the end of the firing  line. That's up to us, though, Tarzan. When we want her off. What if me, Christina, Sabrina, Kim and you want Kat out? Well, if that were the case, that would that would be an error because Kat is  not a thinker. I think that people that are thinking would leave her in here longer knowing  full well that at any time is... It's basically her social game with all the  guys. That... Is that what worries you? That worries me. Yeah, me, too. Kat screwed up now the target is on her back. Plus i don't think anyone wants to go to the end with Kat because last tribal  troy whispered in her ear "you can do it. "so that's making us all a little nervous. Nervous. How are we going to get everyone to vote Kat? All we need is four. I'm looking forward to talking with Kim when she gets back. I just hope we agree that Kat is a smart person to take out next. When we got back here there were some pissed off people. Everyone's wanting Kat out next. They're going to want Sabrina first. Alicia and Kat? I spent the day with these two and they think we're a threat. That's how dumb they are. Sab is not dumb. They're dumb. So you think sab tonight? I think it's our best plan. Okay. I just don't want to go to the end with Kat. I'm thinking it's immunity today and we have decided Sabrina is going home  for sure. I do think she has a good shot of getting a lot of jury votes because she's  persuasive. So it's so important who wins because we have a plan and if somebody wins  immunity that was supposed to go home it's going to be chaos. Did i miss anything? No. We just need to see who wins immunity. Sabrina better not pull out a superstar act. I think at some point in this game i started to think, well, maybe it's not  smart if i win immunity but i don't know if i'll ever feel safe so i've just decided  at this point if i can take every immunity from here on out i will. Jeff: Come on in, guys! Guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge? Yes. Jeff: First things first, Kim, got to give it back. Once again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge bull standing on a ledge over the water. You'll be holding on the a handle behind your back. That handle is attached to a winch. Every time i crank it, it will lower you closer to the water. When the strain becomes too much to hold on any longer, you'll fall in the  water and out of the challenge. Last person left standing wins immunity. Guaranteed. One in six shot at winning this game. Losers go to tribal council. Somebody will be voted out. We'll draw for spots. We'll get started. Everybody ready? Take your spots. Got to keep your feet in between the paint and pointed forward. You have to hold on to the bar behind you above your hips. All right, everybody's in place. You ready to get lowered a little bit? Oh, boy. Oh, God. Jeff: Here we go. Every time i move this, that bar lets out a little more rope and you fall  closer to that water. Oh, my God! Jeff: That's going to add a little more stress now. All you have to do is hold on. That's it. Just hang on longer than everybody else. Everybody else. Been up there ten minutes. Probably seems like you've been up there an hour already. Tarzan struggling a little bit. Sabrina stepped out of the challenge. Go ahead and drop in the water. Sabrina first out of the challenge. We're down to six. Tarzan is out of the challenge and we are down to five women still fighting  for immunity, would love to go to tribal council tonight with that necklace. No Matter how confident you feel in your alliance, you are crazy if you think  you are absolutely safe. I can't do this anymore. I'm done, guys, have fun. Jeff: Alicia steps out of the challenge and we are down to four. Four people fighting for immunity on day 33. You are having to earn it right here. Dig deep. I can't do it. My fingers are slipping. Oh, God. Good job, Chelsea. Jeff: Chelsea out of the challenge and we are down to three: Kat, Kim, Christina. Christina contemplating can i stick in a little longer or should i step off? I'm going to jump. My finger's killing me. Good luck, girls. Good job. Jeff: Christina is out of the challenge. We are down to two. Side by side. Kat and Kim. Both women really digging deep. Been up here one hour. You've been hanging. Wow. Jeff: Perfect time to make it a little more difficult. Here we go. Here we go. It looks so incremental visually but i know what kind of pressure that's  adding to your body. Alicia, impressive battle? Very. I didn't know Kim had it in her. Yeah. Very impressed. I just want to win this one. Kim wins all of them. Jeff: Kim hasn't moved since this challenge began. Come on, Kim! Come on, Kim! Wow. Jeff: Kat falls out of the challenge. Kim wins her second individual immunity. Good job. That was amazing. Wow. Careful, Kat, are you okay? Hey. You ain't gonna high five he? No. Good job. Jeff: Kim, nice job. Why, thank you. Impressive. [applause] Kim safe at tonight's tribal council once again and after 33 very  tough days in this game one of you going home tonight. You have to afternoon to figure out who it's going to be. I will see you guys at tribal. Grab your stuff and get back to camp. Congrats. I'm glad Kim won immunity but i'm not sure Sabrina should be the next to go. I think Kat, just her selfishness throughout this whole game so she should be  next to go there's still a lot of talking that needs to go on. I commend y'all for staying that long. That was pretty brutal. Are you hurting? Yeah. What were you thinking about? Kicking your ass. I'm really upset about the challenge. I mean, to lose to someone who's 28 years old who's six years older than me? It's like how embarrassing is that? Don't get me wrong, i love her more than anything in the world but i don't  know if i'm ever going to be able to beat her in challenges. Did Kim talk to you today? Not yet. She already knows that we know what's going on. Sabrina. Okay. D'uh. I wanted to make sure. Sabrina has no idea her ass is on the line. That's why a blind side is so great. I agree. It's amazing how we control the show. This game is our game. Oh, my God. It's funny because yesterday i was like, Sabrina? You're going home. Then today at the challenge, i mean, did you see Sabrina? She was the first one done. I mean, i could beat her. So there's no reason why Sabrina needs to go. But Kat, she just brought it. Home girl was giving it her al and, like, that's somebody that i do not want  to go up against if that's how she's going to play these challenges. Please tell me we're on the same wavelength so we keep Sabrina and we take  out Kat? No. I want an easier win. I can't keep going up against Kat. You know what i'm saying? I don't want it to get like a troy thing where we can't get Kat out. Alicia came up to me and she said "i don't know how we got into this  position but Kat has to go immediately." i was totally shocked. I saw some big logs right there there. I'm going to go in a second. Nice. Hey. Kat. That's the vote? I mean did you see how hard she went on that challenge? As much as you think she can't win, she can. I do think Kat has a good shot at getting a lot of jury votes because she  hasn't pissed a lot of people off. But i think Sabrina's a bigger threat. She's smart enough to sway the jury and totally screw me over in the end. Let's just stop talking. That's the vote? Okay, good. I would rather see Sabrina go first before we take Kat out. So Kat's going to vote Sabrina and i think Tarzan would be willing to get rid  of Sabrina. So it kind of feels like Chelsea and i are the swing votes. Alicia came to me and she's really, really worried Kat is going to win. Now she wants to take Kat out next. Oh, my God! Yeah. She's like "she's gonna win." i don't know that it benefits us. I'll start thinking about that and that makes me nervous because sab is so  smart. All of a sudden Alicia an i are on the same page that Kat needs to go. She's selfish and doesn't deserve to be in the final three. But Kim still wants to vote out Sabrina. I understand where she's coming from, but i feel like Sabrina's been on Kim  and i's side since day one. So you don't think that since she has her mind-set on Kat that we should take  her out first? Well, i would say she doesn't... Before she changes her mind? I'm just trying to make sure that's what we want to do. Kim and i are going to agree 100% on what whatever we decide to do but i  think from here on out it's going to be a Kat fight. Are you good for tonight? I've been told Kat. I'm not sure that that's the case anymore. I still have some choices for sure tonight but Chelsea and i have had an  alliance with Sabrina since day one and Kat, i think she looks at me like a  big sister so this is not a fun vote tonight. Well, that's probably smart. Okay. All right boss lady. Stop! That's true. To me it's a game-changing decision. I'm about to make a choice and it's going to be a blind side either way but  this is a game and there's no way to keep everybody happy at this point in  the game. It's going to go to hell from here on out. Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Jonas, Michael, Jay, Leif, and Troyzan voted out at the last tribal council. So, Kat, we go from last week where you're devastated because you don't get  picked to go on the reward to this week where you now have the good news/bad  news scenario of getting to pick two people to go along with you, which means  you're leaving the other four behind. It was probably the hardest thing i've ever had to do in my life. When you're looking at all of these beautiful faces with their families and  you have to pick two people. It's very frustrating and it does hurt my feelings. Jeff: It hurts "your" feelings? Yeah, because i don't want to see their faces be mad. Jeff: Here's what i want to understand. Last reward challenge Kim didn't pick you. First person you pick is Kim. Yes. Strategically i could have picked two different people but at that time i was  thinking more like who would i have a great time with not thinking  strategically. Now, that's my own choice. Jeff: Sabrina, do you buy that? That Kat was not thinking about strategy when she picked two of the people  who went on the last reward? I don't think strategy had anything to do with it. I think honestly the 22-year-old like "i want to have fun." and i  think it's something she's going to look back at and regret because most  people up here would have picked Tarzan and Christina simply because of their  loved ones back story. But it's her choice. Jeff: . Jeff, again, i am 22, i am a little naive and i'm sorry that i picked people  that obviously everyone else didn't agree with. Jeff: Chelsea, do you buy that Kat is 22 and naive or is that a great  strategy? It's, like, that's her way out every time she screws up. Every time someone gets on her case about how selfish she is she says  "yeah, i'm 22, get off my back. It's like it always comes down to her age and 22 is not that young. Is this whole tribal council about me? Like, i had no idea this is... This was going to happen. Jeff: Tarzan, you're an older man who's had life experience. Where do you weigh in on this? I know she wanted to have fun with the girls. I'm an old man. She didn't think about my circumstance or about my wife. She's 22. And so things like this don't hit her yet because she's too young to have  experienced enough things in life. So it didn't bother me at all. Jeff: Alicia, let's talk about today's challenge for immunity. Sabrina's first out. At this point in the game is that good news that she's out early and not seen  as the a threat? Is it bad news because you can't hang in there, man, you don't deserve to go  to the end. I was surprised Sabrina got out first. My vote would have been for Tarzan, you know? [laughs] i'm sorry. Maybe it's her game to not show herself as a physical threat. Jeff: Go to the other end. Kat and Kim duke it out to the end. I expect that from Kim, she brings it. Cat i was very shocked. I didn't know that she had it in her. Jeff: Does Kat earn respect for hanging in the challenge that long? Definitely. However i was a little baffled how she reacted because she was so upset with Kim. Jeff: I wasn't upset with Kim, i was upset with myself that my bad i do gave  out. Kim went to give you a high five and you kind of snuffed here. Dude, what is this? Jeff: Sabrina, what's the vibe around camp? You pretty much decimated the guys. Now we're getting down to it. It's getting a little testy. But at the end of the day i appreciate honesty. To me that's when people get respect. Jeff: Kim, do you think being too honest if you get to the end can be an  asset and therefore make you a threat? Yeah. I mean, to me it's bad news. I've seen people win this game that shoot straight and everybody loves them  and it's like an endearing quality in this game which also makes me nervous. Jeff: Sabrina, worried at all that you may not get to the end because people  think "she is too well spoken and she hasn't lied?" it depends on  what people value. Like, to be honest, i will go straight up my emotions. So the person that may have pissed me off, they don't get my vote and they  could be the best player in this game. Jeff: So, Kat, Sabrina very black-and-white is saying listen, if i end up on  the jury, i'm going to tell you right now you may not like how i vote because  i may just be in a bad mood so if you blind side me, hello, watch out. Um, if it is going to be a blind side, it's going to be pretty funny and  pretty, like, exciting. Jeff: Why would bit fun and exciting? I don't know. Because blind sides are always fun and exciting. You're like... You know? I always get excited if something like that goes down and if it does, cool  beans. If it doesn't, touche. Whatever. [laughs] Jeff: All right. It's time to get to the vote. Kim has immunity. You can not vote for Kim. Everybody else is fair game. It's time to vote. Tarzan, you're up. Sabrina, i love you so much! But it's time for you to go. Kat, you're a little bit untamed to take to the top. I'm sure you'll learn this life lesson later on. Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. Jeff: If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now  would be the time to do so. Once the votes are read the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area  immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Sabrina. Kat. One vote Sabrina; one vote Kat. Kat. Two votes Kat; one vote Sabrina. Kat. That's three votes Kat; one vote Sabrina. Jeff: 12th person voted out and the sixth member of our jury, Kat, i have to  ask you to bring me your torch. Kat, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. [sobbing] Jeff: Well, judging from Kat's reaction, that was a big old blind  side and the message is pretty simple: If it could happen to her; it can  happen to you. Grab your torches, head back to camp. Good night. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs captioned by media  access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org Jeff: Next time on "Survivor"...  The last man standing is losing it. A failure among men. This isn't offensive to anybody here if i wore this, right? Jeff: But there's a method to his madness. I think you guys have a better chance if i'm one of the three. The girls think i've given up but i want to win the game. I'm proud of myself but, like, i just don't believe it was my time to go and  i left before Christina and Tarzan! Like, are you kidding? I'm so embarrassed. [sobbing] i'm going to go down as the most naive person in the whole game. I'm going to beg Jeff to let me play again so i can redeem myself