<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor". 18 americans were abandoned on a remote polynesian island. All with one goal in mind. I just want to be the greatest Survivor of all time. Jeff: They were quickly divided into two tribes-- the men versus the women. Men, your tribe name is Manono. Women, your tribe name is Salani. Jeff: But not everyone was thrilled. I'm the girl within the guy tribe. Jeff: And for the first time in "Survivor" history, two tribes  found themselves coexisting on one beach in a battle of the sexes. Seems like total chaos. Jeff: On the Salani tribe, a group of young women were running the show. It's Kim, Chelsea, kitty Kat, myself and a brie that and it was done in a Matter  of seconds. Jeff: And at Manono, the muscle took control. Big mike, Jay-bird and Bill. I'm sitting pretty as far as i'm concerned. Jeff: A brie that thought she had it made when she found a hidden immunity  idol. I found the idol! Jeff: But all she had was a tu decision to make. It's for the Manono tribe, i have to give it up before the next tribal  council. Jeff: Sabrina gave it to the man on the outs, Colton. A race was cut short when Kourtney couldn't continue. With Kourtney's status in the game uncertain, the women headed to tribal  council. And at tribal council, the women imploded. You're wrong! Okay? So shut up! Jeff: And when it looked like it couldn't get any worse, it did. Let me give you an update on Kourtney. She is out of the game. But despite the bad news, there was a glimmer of hope. The good news: Nobody sells going home tonight. There are 36 days left in this game and if you don't get it together, none of  you will make it to the end. 17 are left. Who will be voted out tonight? Good evening, ladies. Hi. The guy said that they were taking care of our fire when we were gone but  mind you i am the fire person and if they weren't there when i got back i  probably would have... I wouldn't have been able to get it... Whoa. Whoa! Sorry. I would have been able to do it myself. You didn't have to vote anybody out? No, she broke her wrist in so many different places she has to have surgery. Really? Tonight a couple of the guys went over to the women's camp to see what went  on with tribal council. Kourtney is the only one who went home. They didn't have to vote anybody off. They're all safe and it's all annoying. I'm going to bed. See you guys in the morning. Alicia? Yeah. Is it okay that you and i can talk? We can talk private if you want or we can talk wherever you feel comfortable. I don't care. It's up to you. I think you and i should clear some stuff. Sure. Tribal council couldn't have gone any better than i planned. Thank you, Christina, for making yourself look crazy and telling me to shut  up and for also lying. It almost seems like all right then you're going to tell me to shut up. I would never talk to you that way, ever. You just kept going on and on and on and weren't giving me a chance to  explain myself. I felt like to me that was rude. Okay. It was disrespectful. If that's how you feel than i'm sorry that i made you feel that way because  that was not my intention. You're right. I mean, please, if i saw her swimming in an ocean and she was drowning i  probably would look the other way. [laughs] okay, like, seriously, don't even worry about it. All right, are we good? We're good, girl, don't even worry about it. I have my five. Kim, Kat, Chelsea, Sabrina and myself so if it were up to me and everybody,  we want her out. But we need to win challenges and Nina looks like a bag of rocks and i don't  even know what that analogy means but she is not moving. [laughs] is everyone here? All right. Okay, ladies. Obviously we just came off tribal council and it was a little fiery but we  made it through. It's a wash so let's get over that. Let's set ground rules and i think it can go a lot smoother. Everyone has a right to be heard. Can i add something? Hold on one second. When you talk, get to the point, be direct. The quicker we can get through this meeting the quicker we can get to  business and get things done how this camp should be going, stock? Do you think we should, like, have a leader and say all right, let's leave it  up to her? I say Sabrina? Sab? Because you're just direct, straight to the point, you don't b.s. you speak to us like grown women. We don't get offended. And you don't bark orders. Fine. I'll take the responsibility. Managing the air heads is going to be exhausting. But hopefully with this new leadership role i can come in there and just be  like shh. I think there should be three categories, water, food, and shelter. Does anyone want to be straight up on water? Like... I'm water all the time and i got all the canteens and i'd like to get  them all filled up to the grim in an hour. Okay. Good. Monica on water. Kat and i will go searching for food. If you go, survey the land first. Make markers, know exactly where you went. I don't want to observe the land. I want to go get stuff. No, observe and get what you can on the way back. I don't know what we're going to do. At this point it's definitely the five younger gals Kim, Chelsea, Kat, sab  and Alicia against Christina, Monica and i. And i've been trying to find my place. I'll never take for granted turning on the faucet and getting some water! No luck on bananas? I'm still going to search if my partner would like to go in the jungle with  me. She was all about going to the jungle. Now i'm going to go in the jungle and find the bananas so when i do find the  bananas everybody will be like "oh, my God, i found bananas."  there's a definite immaturity factor on the part of some of these women. I like Kat, i think she's fun. But you know what? I'm 51 years old and she's driving me nuts! She's driving me nuts. I just want her to shut up and work! I don't want to tie any knots if we have a challenge. My fingers hurt so bad. &gt;&gt;s where everybody? Are we in so much trouble because we're not doing anything? I don't know. I don't know what's going on. I don't know, either. Treemail! Treemail! Hey, it says "do not open this envelope or boxes until members and both  tribes are present. Bring the letter and the boxes to a clearing in a neutral location." we  went to treemail and there was an enormous box. I was hoping it was food. All right, one... Hold. Hold on. It's this huge box. Doesn't Tarzan look naked from here? [laughter] yeah Tarzan! Flex those muscles! Treemail, y'all. Read it. Hear ye, hear ye. "bring this envelope and the boxes to the clearing in a neutral  location." [cheers and applause] if something jumps out of there, i'm  like... "Manono and Salani you have been coexisting as two tribes  sharing one world. Today your journey will go one step further as you complete a do it yourself  reward challenge here at your camp. Here's how it works. You each have a box containing a series of knotted ropes attached with a  metal ring. The first tribe to untie all their knots completely separating the ring wins  the reward. Want to know what you're playing for? You are competing to win a tarp." [cheers and applause] "you will  be getting rain and this will surely keep you dry." that will help! Look at our roof. "when the challenge is over each tribe can get their box and their ropes  and do with it as they see fit." [applause] okay, guys, okay. Because we have one extra person, we're sitting out big mike. He can not participate whatsoever in this challenge. The timing couldn't have been better. We've got to get that tarp. We need it. The pressure's on. Here's where we can shine. Let's get it done. Survivors ready? Set... Jazz fingers! Go! Over there, over there. Pull it out this way. Pull it out to the front. Pull it out! Everybody. One, two, three! When the charge starts, we wanted to get everything out of the box on the  ground. As soon as that happens, everybody just started on the outside, worked their  way in. We had to just untie continuously and you finally get to the middle and  there's a ring and you have to untie the ring. You can brace it between your knees. We got it, we got it. I got mine out! Mine are out! Mine are out! Okay, mine's done here. We need this freaking tarp. Go! Go! Everybody was in a little bit of a frenzy because we had to govern ourselves. It's going to be raining here very soon so that tarp is the biggest benefit i  think anyone can have. Old that one, hold that one. There, that one's off. That one's off. Right here! Pull that, pull that part. Go, go! I was so into the challenge. That was our momentum and that was our speed as a group to pull all the ropes  out. We have to win this. Hold up. Hold up. Guys, slow down. You don't want to get a bigger knot in all this, right? I know. Make this count. Get this right here. I'll get it. Go, go, go! Quick, quick! Come on, get this blue one! Right here. Right here! Go, go. [men cheering] good job. Good job, man. We lost the damn challenge and that hurt my soul! We needed a tarp like a fat kid needs cake. We needed it. We wanted it. We were seconds away from winning so it wasn't a horrible loss but at the end  of the day it's a loss. No one ever remembers second place. Tarzan, bro. I thought we were gonna be there all day doing that, dude. That tarp is critical. Let's see how big it is. Let's open it up. This is a long baby. Wow! Look at that, man! Today we won. It was like it was game on and we all finished the challenge. We were the one that came out on top. We got that tarp which was like the icing on the cake. Our camp is going to look great. The Manono tribe, we'll have the best camp probably in history. Let's rock and roll. All right, boys. Pretty proud of this camp. Dude, this is perfect. Who built this? Colton today has done absolutely nothing. He's proved he's the worst person for our tribe. No firewood, no food, nothing with the shelter. He feels like this is a vacation. Colton is just here to hang out. In the girl's camp. What is he thinking? He's the only one not doing anything. He calls himself the queen. Yeah, yeah. He's got all the girls in his hand like putty, bro, if we're down numbers  we're done, bro. He's working it, bro. He's making russell look like a freaking little school girl. So we're just going layer by layer doing two at a time. I'm seriously about to walk off this island. You're not walking off this island. You've got too much spunk to walk off the island. You should try bonding with the guys. Try a different method, you never know. I have nothing in common with the guys. We all have an extra appendage, that's the only thing i have in common with  these people. But going over to the girls is kind of like it's a release for me because  it's like God, at least i have people i can relate to and talk to and, you  know, find common ground with. I love the girls more than anybody on this island. All right, he needs a time limit over here. Colton, i'm going to need you to move out of my way. Where do you want me to put that? Did i do this wrong? No, we're just... I'm stacking a second layer. So... Just leave it. We're good. Are you sure? Yeah. Colton is like a virus. Like there seems to be not a cure for him just yet. Today i found myself without even thinking just entertaining him half the  morning. And i'm just like what am i doing? Colton, why you over here? I'm over here because i don't want to be over there. Seriously, i don't want to talk game at all. I just want to... But we have to have like a girl talk. Sorry. Are you guys ready to start? Yes. Okay, sorry. That's cool. Can i come hang out with y'all later? I'll ask the girls. It's cool. It's a joint decision around here. Don't worry about it, it's cool. Okay. Let's have a meeting now. I relate more to girls. And i go over there and try to help them and they're like "you need to  go." and they want to have a girl meeting so i literally feel like i need  to find somewhere on the island and build my own little hut and live there  and by my own little tribe. Basically it's not a real meeting, just enough to get him out of here. All i know is day four, i'm just about... I guess i'm going to have keep  digging deep and go over there. I feel like in order for me to make a move i honestly believe i have to have  some girls. That's case in point. We have more rope here! Oh, hello. I want to talk to all of y'all. Like, i really do. What? Like, i want everyone to hear me okay. Again, Colton has snaked his way back to our damn camp. I don't know if he has more estrogen in his body than testosterone but i  swear, what a drama queen. We don't need that energy. Like, go to your camp. Here's the deal. The real raw deal. I don't hear about game... I don't care about game, i don't care about  strategy, y'all can all call b.s., this is what i'm saying. I feel like i have no one on this island. Not one person. Let that's not true, though. Let him finish. This isn't fake. This isn't artificial. I swear to God on my life. If y'all would let me stay with y'all i would not talk about you, you, you. I will not talk to them about y'all like, i swear... I don't know if it's  just Colton's just like fickle craziness dramatic and now he's crying. It's just the more he comes over, the more he starts becoming like a jerk by  the minute. Colton, here's the thing from our end. It's like... It's not that we don't love you and don't want you around, but  you can understand we are two tribes. You fear from the other tribe and you're in our camp hearing everything we're  doing and you have to be able to understand that that seems like a really  dumb, dumb, dumb move on our part. This is our tribe and we have to start owning our tribe, owning our thoughts,  owning our actions and owning what the vision of what we want to look like  later on down the road without having a guy who acts like a girl involved. I mean, if he's running the show and we lose this damn game, i'm just going  to slit my wrists. I'm going to list is my wrists. It's not an option for us to have you over here all the time. I know. We just can't. I'm going to get water. Tarzan! Tarzan! Tarzan! [chanting] yeah! Yeah, baby! Whoo! Look out! Tarzan, classic. You are a classic. Tarzan's, like, so crazy sometimes. I would never talk to these people outside of this game but in "Survivor"  you have to do what you have to do. Good night, fellas. Like, i have a hidden immunity idol and i can kind of regroup and use the  idol to my advantage. Come here. Wait a second now. What the hell are you talking about? I'm playing this at the next tribal council. And i'm not going home. Who gave you that idol? The girls. Holy cow. I just found out some stuff tonight and it's like my heart is pounding and,  you know, i found out that Colton has an idol and we've got to get rid of the  muscle, meaning mike and Matt. There's no more talking about this. We're set, okay. We're set. See? Colton reaches into his pants and he's got this freaking idol. So Colton went from the first guy to get voted out to now the ringleader. And i mean i knew the kid was a freak of nature as far as, like, the kid is  ridiculously smart. I have to make Matt and mike believe i'm still with them because if they get  scared they're gonna, like, pull something. I'm down with that. I'm on board with the troy, Leif, Jonas, and Tarzan which is, like, the most  random group of people in the entire world. And until i can get with the girls i have to associate myself with these  misfits. They can call themselves the misfit alliance, i'll just be their king. This is my world, they should have called this "Survivor: Colton's  world." this is it. This is it. Jeff: Come on in, guys. Jeff: Come on in, guys. Guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge? Yeah! Come on! Jeff: First thing's first, i'll take back the idol. Once again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, both tribes will line up side by side on a very narrow  balance beam over water. One tribe member at a time must move across a balance beam and around the  other tribe members. If you fall off, you go back to the start. If you touch two people at once you've got to jump in, go back to the start. Once one tribe member reaches the finish platform, the next person goes. First tribe to get all their tribe members to the finished platform wins  immunity, is safe from the vote. Losers, tribal council where somebody will be voted out of this game. Men, you have one extra person. Sitting somebody out. Can not sit out the same person in back-to-back challenges. Who's going to sit out? We're going to sit autoTarzan. Tarzan's going to sit this one out. Everyone else, we'll give you a minute to strategize. Then we'll get started. All right, here we go. For immunity, Survivors ready? Go. Bend those knees. Bend those knees. Nice and slow. Jeff: Remember, you can only touch one person at a time. Leif, Leif, touching two people, got to jump in and go back. If you touch two people at once the person crossing has to jump in and start  over. So be careful. Don't grab me. Jeff: Even incidental can cost you. She's got these big old bobs, i can't get past. Jeff: Leif making his way past Colton. Just let me go. Jeff: Kat and Monica doing a little dance. Starting to figure it out. Leif starting to make a little progress now. Keep doing what you're doing. Jeff: Takes a lot of communication. Kat working past Chelsea. Reach around with your arms, that's what i did. You're pushing me backwards, which is not good. Got me? I got you. Jeff: Leif making his way past half of his tribe now. He's got a strategy going and it's working. All right, Leif, come on. Jeff: Leif making his way past Jay now. Kat still stuck at Chelsea. Monica, do you think you can do this better? Keep going. Come on, guys, make a move. Jeff: The women make nothing progress. We're in the lead. Jeff: Leif very close to the end. Leif to the finished platform. Men have their first person across. Now Colton starts the walk. Kat now going behind Chelsea. Going to try a different strategy. Kat knows she's got to pick up the pace now. Go behind real quick. Hold me hold me! I got you! Jeff: No, no, no! Christina reached out and grabbed Kat, Kim falls in, Kat's got to go in, she  touched two people. Women are starting over. Hold me. Like, hold me. Jeff: Colton working around... Don't drop me. Don't drop me. Jeff: Kat making her way around Kim now. Colton getting very close to the end. Colton, stop, stop. Give mike some more space. No, we need to give mike a little more space. I wish he'd shut up. Leif, we're good. Chill out. Hold me hold me. I got you. I got you. Jeff: Colton and Matt, nice recovery. Nice balance. Stay. I'm going to fall. No, i'm not. You're not. Jeff: Christina, you touched two. Kat, in the water. What? Jeff: Kat, Christina is touching two people. Get in and go. Go, go. Jeff: Make sure you do not touch two people at once! Wrap your arm around me! Jeff: Michael giving Colton a big hug and that will do it. Colton makes it to the end. The men have two across. Women still working on their first. Hold me, pull me back. I need to go further back. Jeff: Kat may have not been the best person to put on the end. She has the furthest route to go. Jonas gets around Jay making quick work of this. Kat now back at Christina. And with that, Christina's in the water. I don't think you have to go back... Jeff: Kat just jumps back in. Kat, you don't have to go back in, babe. I didn't know. You got it, yeah! Jeff: Jonas gets around Michael. Men have their third person to the finish platform. Bill now starts his walk. Get christine one time. If it doesn't work i'll go. I'll do it all. I'd love to. You feel me? You're fine. Jeff: Bill falls in. Jay goes in. A setback for the men. Maybe an opening for the women if they can pick up the pace. Come con! Jeff: And Christina's in the water once again. Monica's going. Monica jumps in, she's going to put herself at the end. Bill makes his way once again around Troyzan. Monica trying to get around Christina. Two hands. Kat reached out and grabbed you, Monica you've got to go in, too. Oh, Kat, you're about as dumb as a rock. Once again Kat jumped in for no reason. Women completely falling apart. Meanwhile, the men are making quick work of this. Bill across. The men now have four at the finish platform. Hold me, swim me over. Jeff: Monica gets past Christina. Jay working himself around Matt. There you go. You got this. Come on, y'all! Push me around! I can stay strong in the core. Jeff: Monica finally getting something going. Monica now past Kim. Jay is now through mike. Jay is now on the finished platform. The men have only three left. Hold me, guide me over. I'm strong. Jeff: Monica gets past Chelsea. The women have something going. Is it too little too late? I love you. Come on, try! Jeff: Troy and Michael fall off. Once again an opening for the women. Monica makes her way around Alicia. Guide me around. Lift me up. Monica now past the green and the women have their first person. Christina now giving it a go. All the way around! You got it. Jeff: Troy is around Michael. Christina trying to get around Kim now. Troy gets around Matt with no problem. This is it. Mike has to get around Matt and this challenge is over. The women trying to come back. But it will be too little; too late in this challenge. Matt lead him back. Can he hold on? And he does. Mike will cross and Matt crosses. Men win immunity! [screaming] men, come on over and grab it. Good job, Monica. Yes! Jeff: Congratulations. No tribal council tonight. Head back to camp. Enjoy the night off. Thank God! It's definitely the boobs are hard. Jeff: Hard to see them walk off with immunity again. Nina, you're shaking your head in disgust. It's just the way it's been going for us this whole last five days. No communication, no team work. Same old story. Well, the result is the same. Tribal council again tonight. Somebody will be voted out of this tribe. You have the afternoon to figure out who it's going to be. Head back to camp. I'll see you at tribal. Kat jumped in when she didn't even need to jump in-- not once, twice. I'm sad. I'm sad for women. This isn't the way women are and frankly i'm so embarrassed. All right. Um... Everybody wants to say something. Whoever wants to start. I'm sorry for having horrible communication skills. I thought i could do it but it was so hard. It really was. You gave it a good shot and it was hard. I really wanted to do it. Kat, i always think of you as a little cracker jack, so it's okay. I always step up in the that role regardless of if i'm athletic or not  because i feel like i always want to bring it. I always want to bring the tribe to number one you know? That's what i always want. You're very much of a rah-rah girl and we need that. But at the end of the day logic and strategy trumps rah-rah. So do that on the inside and listen for strategy. Kat, i really like her energy, but it needs to be channeled. We want to try to keep things controlled as much as possible-- at least i do  if i'm being the leader-- and Kat is very young and emotional. There's nothing wrong with being emotional if you can control it but she can't  control it at all and that's a liability. However, Nina is like the walking dead around here. She knows her head is on the chopping block. I don't want anyone to think it was one person's fault today at all because  that really wasn't the case. But tonight's going to end like the other nights, in tribal council, so  that's the sucky part. We didn't lose, we got our ass kicked. It wasn't even close and everyone's like "oh, Kat, you did so  good." Kat, you jumped in the water twice, you dumb blond! Twice! Inexcusable. Come on! Quit being such a dumb broad! We're not going to survive. I'm sorry... It's me, you and Christina. We're out. I don't think we're going to make it out. It doesn't Matter what order. Me, you and Christina are out of here. I'm voting for Kat because i can't stand her. I think she's a complete idiot. Not once jumping in the water at the wrong time, twice. It's not rocket science, Kat. It's just... I'm so low on the totem pole, how do i possibly go to somebody  in the five and say "would you guys be interested in getting rid of Kat"? That's a one-way ticket home. So i'm hoping they'll open their eyes but who knows with this group. Who knows? We are in a tribe of the it with it withless. We are a withless tribe and we are being led by 20 something-year-old women  and they are... It's embarrassing. It's embarrassing. And i have to hear Kat run her mouth one more time... That dumber than dumb...  She should be going tonight. She should be going tonight. It sucks. It does. It's only going to get worse. That's disgusting. Oh, my gosh, Kat! She should be going home. She's been really ruining this tribe. I know she's fun but she's ruining it. Ignorant. Out last, out with, but you can't when you're it haveless. You're too smart to let this happen. We can redeem ourselves because right now we look like idiots. Trust me, i've been embarrassed since i've been here. Let's fix it! I'm writing down Kat's name. I was going to anyway. I just talked to Nina, of course. She... I mean... She's really... I mean, she's really right about Kat. Kat makes us all out to be freaking idiots. And i know we need to focus on numbers, but what if... If we voted Kat out. All eyes are on Kat right now. We're starting to look at the weaker players even if they're in our alliance. I'm one of the strongest people in the tribe so if we decide to start picking  off the weakest links, Kat will be our pick. It kills me to talk to Nina because i understand everything she's saying. I do, too. And i know Kat blew the challenge today. I'm totally with you on that. I just feel Nina deserves to be here more than Kat. I'm with you so i'm respecting you in this idea. I just think we need these girls to trust us. I don't know. I don't know. Jeff: All right. Let's give tonight's tribal some context. We're only five days in but you're off to one of the worst starts ever in  this game because of the absolute and total dysfunction within this group. Kim, what do you bring into this game? What could help right now from your life? I think i'm a good communicator and i feel like that's something that we need. But i don't think there's a place for my voice yet. Jeff: It's almost like i'm talking to sixth graders saying "hey,  everybody, if you had a group of people and you had to figure something out,  what might be one thing you would do?" and somebody says "we could  talk about what we know." i can't believe this hasn't happened yet, Nina. Well, unfortunately, a lot of that information about all of us doesn't get  out because we're still a divided tribe. There's five against three. Jeff: Who are the five. Sabrina, Chelsea, Alicia, Kat and Kim. Jeff: And that leaves you, Nina, with Christina and Monica? Correct. Jeff: Well, does everyone here know, for instance, about your background? Well, you know, i have shared with some members of this tribe my life  experience. I was a police officer for the city of los angeles for 13 years. With that brings the ability to deal under pressure and to be physical so  i'll tell you what. I'd like to know what life experience Kat brings to this group. Jeff: Kat? I mean, i'm out doors and i do sales and i work with people all the time and,  um,... Jeff: It wouldn't be unreasonable of you, Kat, to say "i'm young,  my life experience is limited." of course, i've never done anything like  this. I'm young, this is a new experience for me, period. I'm the youngest person on the tribe. And i'm old. I've never done this, either. Okay, i'm the youngest person on this tribe and i'm doing the best i can. Even today, like, with our challenge i was so excited and the worst feeling  in the whole world is to let your tribe down. And i did. Today. Jeff: Nina you look like you're about to burst so much is ready to come out. Well, Kat is always telling us what a great athlete she is. But as far as i'm concerned athlete is made up of three things: Athletic  ability, the ability to handle pressure and to be smart. Okay, so today not only did she jump in the water once, she did it twice. And the only voice i heard up there, distracting voice, was hers. So she can't handle stress and she made a mistake. Is she an athlete? I don't know. But there's three components and she's failed at two. Jeff: Kim, is part of what's going on that there's an alliance formed? I think that's part of it. Does Kat bring life experience to the table in our tribe? No. But i do think Kat is a good athlete. Do i think Nina has life experience? Absolutely. But, you know, she's bringing different things to the table than Kat is and  that's the decision we're weighing out here tonight. Jeff: So it's between Nina and Kat. That's been the vibe today. Jeff: Chelsea, if you could start over, do you think you guys would form  different alliances. Yeah, it would probably be different. Jeff: Sabrina, do you agree with that? Yes, 100%. Jeff: Alicia, there's no girl power going on right now. No young women at home going "go women's tribe!" no, there's not. Jeff: Is that embarrassing? It's very embarrassing, especially that challenge. Monica figured it out but because everybody was talking we couldn't hear Monica's  suggestion. And it was embarrassing to watch. My fault. It was my fault. Jeff: You keep saying that. Do you believe that or are you just being a marter? I think i do. It sucks. Jeff: What's upsetting? My communication skills, i guess. And failing. I never fail. Jeff: You've never failed at anything in life? I usually don't try anything unless i know i'm going to succeed, put it that  way. Jeff: So you really can't say you've never failed because the truth is you've  never put yourself in a position to fail. Yeah. It hurts. Jeff: So, Kat, you said you take responsibility for the loss. Would it be fair to vote you out? Absolutely. I thought i could do it. I thought i could bring it home. What i can only hope is that my tribe believes in me the way that i believe  in myself and they'll keep me around so i can show them that i'm learning. You know? I'm not calling Christina out but there are people if that, if anything,  could be here to just be here as opposed to play the game. Jeff: Christina, she just three you under the bus. You know, you take it in and you move on. Can i just jump in if? See, this is a prime example of how men and women communicate differently. We're kind of tiptoeing and tap dancing around and that causes a rift and it  causes emotion. I man would have called another man out and they would have dealt with it and  be done with it, no many "b." Jeff: Nina, does this give you a  feeling of hope hearing that well, now here's Christina, somebody else you  should get rid of before me. She doesn't even want to play the game. Absolutely. Because i do bring life experience, i am physical and i have plenty of energy. And they know that. Jeff: With that, it is time to vote. Monica, you're up. Monica, you're up. Nina, i think you're a strong competitor but i would never throw you under  the bus the way you did me. Kat, i've already said my reasons why you should go home. There's been enough shenanigans around camp and it's just time for you to  leave. For you to leave. Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. Jeff: If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now  would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Nina. Kat. Christina. One vote Nina, one vote Kat, one vote Christina. Nina. Two votes Nina. Nina. That's three votes Nina. One vote Kat, one vote Christina. Second person voted out of "Survivor: One World," Nina. That's four, that's enough. You need to bring me your torch. Nina, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Well, we are only five days in, but you're two tribe members down and you've  yet to win a challenge. You've got to get it together. Grab your torches, head back to camp. Good night. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions and cbs. Captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org