<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor."  go, go, go! Jeff: This season's battle of the sexes hasn't been a battle at all. The men's tribe has won every challenge. [ cheers ] with confidence at an all-time high, Matt and his alliance of  muscle thought they were running the show. It's the dominant alliance clearly. Jeff: But the rest of the tribe had plans of their own. Colton, life, Tarzan, Jonas and troizan formed an unlikely alliance. At the last immunity challenge, the women's biggest obstacle was cat and with  that cat jumped in for no reason, completely falling apart. And the men won their third challenge in a row. Men win immunity! Back at camp, cat only made Matters worse by wearing her emotions on her  sleeve. It was so hard-- don't overthink it. Cat is very young and emotional and that's a liability. Jeff: At tribal council it was clear that cat's alliance could do without her. Chelsea if you could start over do you think you guys would form different  alliances? Yeah, it would probably be different. Jeff: In the end cat was saved when they voted out Nina, the oldest member of  the tribe, believed to be a liability in challenges. Time for you to go. Well, we are only five days in, and you've yet to win a challenge. You've got to get it together. 16 are left. Who will be voted out tonight? Kitty-Kat, give me a hug. Don't try at tribal council. Didn't mean to. I didn't. I sucked it up. All eyes are on Kat right now. We're just starting to look at the weaker players, even they're in our  alliance. What a joke. Our next move is just to try to stay as positive as possible. If we just get the smallest glimmer of hope, i think it will challenge the  whole tribe, just a little bit of confidence is all we need. Hey. Do y'all want to come over to our-- you scared me. This is a massive ass storm coming in. We might be running our little tails doin there. We'll see how bad it gets over here. Good night, girls. Good night. It just got cold. , just came up out of nowhere. This is going to be horrendous. Colton just came by and said if the weather gets bad we could down there and  try to sleep under their shelters. Guys, i say we tough it out. We'll be fine. Oh my God! It's freezing. The wind is coming straight through here. I felt raindrops. Oh, my God, i feel rain, too. The men, they have a tarp. But we don't, and it was raining. And right now, i feel like our whole shelter is about to blow down. Oh, my gosh. It's so cold. It's so cold. We've been crapped on since we've been here. We got zero sleep last night. We stayed up the entire night. Froze soak wet. And we haven't had fire because it rained and put it out, so now we haven't  eaten. Where is the sun? Hey, boys. Where are you going? Where are you going? They said my name. Oh, come on! You don't have fire, do you? Do i have fire? Yeah. Is your's all out. We have fire? Is it still going? Are you guys soaked? Totally soaked. Can we go by your fire and dry out? Sure, go over there. Go right now. It's going right now. It's fine. I just want to be warm for, like, one minute. I can't be cold one more second. I was thankful last night that we stuck to our guns a little bit after tribal  and didn't run over and jump in the men's shelter. But going over this this morning, i have no shame. I've never been so miserable. I couldn't get my tail over there to that fire fast enough. Come on, come on, guys. Oh, hey, guys. Didn't see you guys coming. Sorry, guys. I hope this is a temporary pit stop at the men's camp. I don't think any of the girls want to stand over there. It's uncomfortable mooching off of them. They're all like, excuse me. Look at my fingers. That's crazy. It's ridiculous. What's up? Good morning. I went out crab hunting this morning, and came back, and found the girls in  our shelter underneath our stuff, sitting on our beds, soaking wet, you know,  sitting by our fire. I get it, they had a tough night. I think some of the guys are sensitive to that, but there's barely room for  nine guys in that shelter and there's no extra room, and that means for the  girls, their day is done. Jeff: Come on in, guys! You guys ready to get to today's reward challenge. Yes. Yes. Jeff: Here's wow it works. One at a time tribe members will square off in a memory test. I'm going to show you a series of items in a specific order. When you've memorized them, you'll pull a lever, drop a curtain, then race to  recreate the same series in the same order. First person to get it right scores a point for their tribe. First tribe to five wins reward. Want to know what you're playing for? Yes. Jeff: A complete fishing supply kit and a canoe with paddles waiting for you  back at camp. In addition, clearly, you are playing for momentum. Guys, you have two extra men, sitting two people out. Who are you going to sit out? Tarzan and Leif can sit out. Jeff: Tarzan and Leif, take a spot on the bench. Everybody else, give you a minute to strategize and we'll get started. All right, first two, come on up. Sabrina will be taking on Matt. So just to be clear, you determine how long you look at the items. When you have seen enough, either one of you can drop the curtain and that  drops it on both of you. You guys ready? Here we go. Wow, neither one of them took much time. It was a very fast look. Matt is back first. Let's see if he has it right. Matt has it wrong. Sabrina has it right. Women score the first point. [ applause ] women lead, 1-zip. Send up the next two. Colton will take on Monica. Here we go. Colton looked at that for about half a second. It's a race, both hustling. Colton is back first, Monica right behind. Let's see if Colton has it right. He does not. Let's see if Monica has it right. Monica has it right for the women. Women lead 2-zip. [ applause ] next two. Alicia taking on Jay. The men have yet to score. Here we go. Once again, six items. Wow, Alicia was quick out of the gate on that one. Alicia not messing around. Alicia going to commit. Who gets to the mat first? Alicia gets to the mat just ahead of Jay. The women are right again. [ cheers ] women lead 3-zip. Next two, come up on. Kat taking on troyzahn, last round was six items. We're going to bump it up. Eight items. What? Don't worry about it. Troyzahn, not even close. The men continue to be pathetic in this. The women don't have it right, either. Re-rack and we'll go again. Here we go. Troyzahn is not right. Kat is not right. Re-rack and we go again. Kat thinks she has it right. No. Men have it wrong as well. Re-rack, we go again. She is wrong. He is wrong. No, wrong. No, re-rack. Re-rack. Go again. For the seventh time, troyzahn versus Kat. Kat would like to extend the lead for the women. Troyzan hoping he can put the men on the board, Kat not messing around. She's back very quickly. It doesn't Matter, Troyzan, Kat has it right for the women. Women are dominating. They lead 4-zip. Next two, come on up. Christina versus Bill. Here's where we stand. Men have not even gotten on the board, Bill. All right. Jeff: If you lose this challenge is over. That's it? Okay, okay. Jeff: You must win to keep the men alive. Let's go. Women can win it right here. Bill has already taken off. Bill wants to keep the men alive in this. He's going to have to beat Christina. Christina would like to close it out right now. Go home with the women's first victory in this game. Bill coming back. Christina was back first. Thinks she has it right. She does. Women win reward! Ladies, nice work. Get your reward. The canoe will be waiting for you back at camp. You do not need to share it. It is your canoe. But one thing has changed as a result of this morning's challenge it's women  now know they can beat you at something. We'll see how it plays out. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. Camp. Oh, my God! There's our boat! Who-hoo! So awesome. We won our first challenge. It was absolutely amazing, definitely what we needed to pick up the tribe. We came back to this horrible weather. The plan is to get the fire going, fix our shelter, you know, keep everybody  warm, because right now we're on the verge of, you know, a horrible storm  right now. I don't know what else to do. Good grief. I wonder how long this is going to last. All right, guys, we have a big question for you. Yeah. All of our coconuts are wet. We're trying to start a fire. We can't do the magnesium bar because the inside is damp. Is there any way we can possibly have an ember? Can we take out the canoe sometimes. We can't make a decision without everybody else? &gt;&gt;. You guys were all here hanging around the fire this morning and that was a  big deal. Guys, we have rain pouring in our shelter. We do, too. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. We're not trying to be unreasonable. I'm freezing. They have to give us something, man. Otherwise all this stuff is going to stop. Some of the guys are like we have to stop giving them stuff and not getting  anything in return which i do agree with. I love some of those girls but if they're not giving us things-- i am a  republican, i am note a democrat. I do not believe in handouts. It is raining really hard, and my hands are incredibly waterlogged. My feet are probably worse. I haven't looked at those yet. We're just miserable right now. And hopefully the rain lets up a little bit. If this was a life-or-death situation, obviously, we would help them. I would help humans out. This is a [ bleep ] game. Every time we give them fire-- we're not here to ask for anything. No, we just want to get warm. Y'all don't have fire yet? Sorry, i'm just so drenched i need, like five seconds out of rain and then i  will be out of your way. The girls are beyond a mess. They're, like, zombies, you know, like shivering. And i'm, like, let them tough it out. The boat's really cool. We plan on taking it out one day soon. When y'all aren't using it? You are? I don't know. Didn't you just walk away with fire a while ago? Aren't you standing here right now? Yes or no. Yes or no. Really, straight up. I'm just going to be honest. I just don't think your deals are fair. Fair. You wouldn't be able to cook anything if it weren't for us. I don't even want to hear it. We're not ask to borrow. We're asking if we can use it. I thing is, i can't make a decision unless i let them all know. Awlime saying-- i will let them know that's what you want. Don't come at me like i'm crazy. You don't need to take it all that serious. I'm just saying. Oh, no vote, after everything we've given to you, that's how it's going to be? So when you want fire, when you want shelter, you use your womenly charms to  take care of those situations. But when we ask for a boat, you say no? One world is out the window. Go back and discuss our plan with them. Go back and ask about the deal and see what they say. And then come back with a consensus, and then we'll settle it. All right. You. She's an idiot. They think it's like-- you know what they come across as spoiled kind of  like, "where's my stuff? Where's my fire? Come build me. Come help me." i don't understand, like, what they're thinking. Well, maybe that's the thing. We're men, they're women. They think different. No, because even i don't understand. Those boys said since they gave us that ember-- ember, they want us to let  them use the canoe. They want to take the canoe out and we better discuss it or they're about to  take it out. That wasn't negotiated at all. They said-- i needed just five seconds to try to dry my hands out, and all  they did was bitch at us, like-- what happened. We still need things so, here, we don't have the wood-- i would give them all  our fishing gear and that freak, boat. I just want to sleep on one freaking night before i lose my mind. I'm losing it. Like, i'm so freaking cold. We're just-- we're girls. We're just not meant to be, like, beaten down this well. Like, beaten down this well. Let's go fish there. This morning, the sun finally came up so we feel like we need to put our  reward to use and learn to spear fish and get our confidence in that so we  know we can go out and catch a fish if we're hungry. Good job! I got it. It's little but at least it's something. It's a little surprising how things are kind of turning around. It feels awesome. All three of us went out and we all three caught a fish. They weren't very big but we did it. Whooo! Good work, girls! Things are starting to feel different. I feel like people get why they're here. Before it felt like where am i? What am i doing? You caught a fish you did that from the boat? I think the girls are feeling more confident. You know, they got their feet under them. Congratulations. And it's going to change the way we feel, the guys feel. You know, we need to win again Jeff: Come on in, guys! You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge? Yeah. Yeah! Jeff: First things first, i will take it back again from the men. Leif. You're welcome. Jeff: Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, one person will be your caller. The other six tribe members will be blindfolded into pairs. Using only verbal commands, the caller will lead the pairs through a series  of obstacles. You'll make your way to a water tower, pull the rope releasing the water, and  along with it a bag of puzzle pieces. Once you have all five bags, the caller will then use those pieces to solve a  puzzles. First tribe to get it right wins immunity, avoids tribal council, losers,  somebody will be going home tonight. Men, you have two extra members. Who is going to sit out? Colton and Jay. Take a spot on the bench. Good luck, guys. Jeff: Everybody else, i'll give you a minute to strategize, we'll get started. All right, we have our callers, Bill for the men. Sabrina for the women. Survivors ready? For immunity. Go! Monica, diagonal. Left, forward. Monica, turn around, stop, stop. Go straight. Run, Monica, run. Straight. Alicia, go straight. Sidestep, sidestep. Monica, Monica, stop. No, no, no. Ladies-- get on your knees and crawl. Matt to your right, to your right! Reach forward. It's right there. Yes. Jeff: The men have their first bucket and their first bag of puzzle pieces  and they're heading back. Alicia and Kat looking for their first bucket. She's not even directing us. Sabrina! Jeff: Christina and Monica. Get back up. They just took a big hit. Jonas and Leif, turn to your right. It's right there! Jeff: Jonas and Leif have the second bag of puzzle pieces. Reach up! Jeff: Tarzan and Troyzan looking for their third bucket. Reach around! Reach around! Reach forward! Reach forward! Reach up! Reach around! Keep reaching! Sabrina! Sabrina. Jeff: Tarzan and Troyzan consider their third bag of puzzle pieces. Alicia and cat have the first bag of puzzle pieces for the women. Yes! Jeff: Matt and mike have the fourth bag of puzzle pieces for the men. To your right! Troyzan, keep coming. Sabrina! Monica, go straight up. Jeff: Monica and Christina, looking for some help and not getting any. Straight up the pole? Where? Chelsea turn around and reach up. Chelsea, right behind up. Jeff: Troyzan and Tarzan back with the fourth bag of puzzle pieces for the  men. Go to your right, mike! Jeff: Chelsea and Kim have the second bag for the women. Up! Up! Matt, reach up! All right, bring it back! Jeff: The men have the fifth and final bag. Turn around, Kat. Jeff: They've just got to get back to the course and Bill can start working  on the puzzle. Alicia and Kat have the third bag for the women. The women need to keep moving. Alicia and Kat heading back with the second bag. Matt and mike heading back with the fifth and final bag for the men. Chelsea and Kim heading back with the third bag. Dop it over! Jeff: The men have all five bags. Bill heading down now to start work. Men, take off your blindfolds. Monica, go straight! Over the pole? No! Monica! Jeff: First, Bill has to untie the bags. Empty the puzzle pieces. You've got a big lead right now. Go straight down. Jeff: The women still struggling, looking for their fourth and fifth bag. Sabrina, which way? Jeff: Bill starting to work on the puzzle. He has a lot of time and doesn't need to panic. You're almost there. Go up. Jeff: Kim and Chelsea have the fourth bag for the women. Still one more bag out there. Monica and Christina still empty-handed. The women could have a shot if they could get these piece. Yeah, keep that. That looks good. Jeff: Chelsea and Kim coming back with the fourth bag now. Still one bag out there. Come on, Monica! Stand up, Monica. Go to your left. Start reaching up, baby. Go. Jeff: The women have their fifth and final bag. They need to get those pieces and get back here! You need to move, women! Go to your right. Jeff: Bill taking his time, wisely so. He has a huge lead and a big learning curve on this puzzle. The women still have to get back and figure out how this puzzle works. Huge advantage for the men, time-wise. To your right, to your right. Jeff: The women have their fifth and final bag. Sabrina can head down now. She's got a lot of time to make up. Women have been to tribal council every single week. They do not want to go again. Bill, find a spot, one at a time. The very bottom. Long, skinny. Jeff: Sabrina quickly gets to work on this puzzle. Where do these pieces fit? How do they go? Thatta boy. Jeff: Bill gets another piece for the men. And it goes right there. Perfect. Jeff: Sabrina has her first piece for the women. Bill, you have lots of time and a big lead. Jeff: Bill with another piece. The men with a ligged about right now. That's the one. Jeff: Sabrina gets the second piece in this puzzles. The women would love to have a break from tribal council. Sabrina with a third piece now. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hold on, hold on. Jeff: The men have a huge advantage. Can the women close the gap right flow? Sabrina with the fourth piece for the women. Men still with the lead. Sabrina with the fifth piece for the women. Women starting to gain. Does it slide in? Nope. Other side. Jeff: The women have six pieces now. They have tied it up. Sabrina has brought the women back. Both tribes with four pieces left. Bill with the seventh piece for the men. Slides into the purple, right below you. Jeff: The women really helping out, working well together. We're tied again. Bill is starting to sweat a little bit. Had a big lead. Dead even. Three pieces left. Bill with the eighth piece for the men. Jeff: The women have their eighth piece. That is going to be orange. Does this go in here? Jeff: The women have the ninth piece. Sabrina down to her last piece, where does it go? Bill is down to his last piece. Where does it go? Jeff: This is it. The women have made a huge comeback. It's a showdown, right now. One piece left. [ cheers ]. Jeff: The women win immunity! With a huge comeback! I think i just aged 10 years. Jeff: Women, congratulations. A huge come-from-behind victory. [ applause ] Jeff: No tribal council tonight. Enjoy the night off. Head back to camp and celebrate. Yes! Jeff: All right, guys. Tribal council tonight. Somebody will be voted out of this game. You will lose your first tribe member. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. I'll see you at tribal. My mind was just blown. I couldn't believe we lost. But now that we've lost this challenge, i'm looking forward to doing this. I mean i've spent eight days out here creating some power and i want to use  it and i want to execute some of if tonight. That's what's going to happen. [ cheers ] that was awesome! Where are we going to put them? Good work! Oh, my God. Was that a come from behind or what? Today i was worried because it was a communication-type challenge, but we  pulled through. Oh. Oh. I know. Thanks, Leif. What's funny is that you could tell the boys thought they had it in the bag  because they were so far ahead. And so now they're probably just all running around like chickens with their  heads cut off, not knowing what to do. Bill? Yes, sir. Did you a great job. Yeah, good job. Thanks, guys, i appreciate it. I lost my voice on that-- on that calling for sure. I'm so excited to vote someone out. I dislike so many of these people. Like, Bill, screwed up in the challenge today. I'm sorry, you had a good, like, five- to seven-minute lead over those women,  and you still lost. Dude, that's a knot in there, dude. Open it. That's just mock, bro. I can't deal with it. "yo, bro. Bro." shut up. Go kill yourself. All he's doing it dig himself a grave. You're going fishing! I came right at that precise time. It's so amazing. I don't want to talk to you. I don't like you, stay away from me. You're ghetto trash. That's all you are. I can't stand him, ugggg, and i want him gone, yesterday. Okay, this right here, one, two, three, four, five. This is our five, solidified. Absolutely. Plus a floater. Who is our floater? You know, Bill. Is going first. Oh, really? Yeah. What happened? He's too wishy-washy. Okay, but why don't we make him second. Matt say real danger. Bill is the type that will slip up behind you and slit your throat. And we all know that, don't we? You need to eliminate that, first. Right now there are clearly two sides in our tribe. There's Matt, mike, Jay, and Bill. And then there's me and Jonas, Tarzan, Leif, and Colton. We've got the numbers, so the guys in the alliance basically are the ones who  are picking who is going home. If it's going to be Matt, it's going to be Matt. If they switch it and say it's going to be Bill, it's going to be Bill. And really the one making the biggest suggestion is Colton. Everybody's out chatting. I figured i'd come see what everybody is chatting about. And it got quiet when i walked up so i can only assume-- well, we're not  voting you out, so don't worry. Is it you guys right here? It might be. [ laughs ] do you want to be with us? We all like you. I think you just back the wrong horse. That's why you're not-- that's why you're not on the ticket right now. Can you make a decision while you're standing there. Jay bird. If they have the numbers and i'm not a part of that, that puts a target on my  back, so i can either join them or butt heads with them, so i basically had  no options and said, "okay, i'll vote with you guys." it seems like  the consensus is Bill at the moment. That the name. I'm cool with that? Are you cool with that? Yeah. The best guy would have been Matt, but we're a team, if you guys want to do Bill,  we'll do Bill. Here comes Matt. What's all the deep thought about? We're-- we're-- to be honest, we're talking strategies. Okay. I mean, obviously, right? Seems pretty obvious. Yeah. Is my presence destroying the strategy talk? No. Yes, it is, at the moment. Well it is. &gt;&gt;. I walked up intentionally on these guys having a conversation. Clearly right in front of me about strategy, so i just wanted to stick my  head in it and shake it up. I don't like people talking like that when i'm not involved. I walked up there and it got quiet. I'll leave you boys be. I walked away, no problem. What i did want to do is pull troy aside. You want to talk alone? Yeah. Troy and i spent the last week as the heads of two snakes that are battling  each other. You're either with me and my guys or you're with troy. And i've decided that something had to be said. Well, there was-- this concept of let's get rid of all the muscle. It's convinient, just like it's convenient for all the muscle to band  together. Of course. But it's easy. I think we've got to come up with a smaller group of guys. Right. That we intend on diving deep into this game with. Me, you, Jay, maybe mike, maybe one other guy. All of us are roosters and we don't want any other roosters with me. The chickens, they can't break up the roosters. And that's how i saw it from day one and, frankly, i saw you as part of the  roosters. I would love to create a new reality and let all the idiots scramble and get  rid of Colton. The guys in power are going to vote for Colton and when we get back to camp  they're going to realize the average joes are not calling the shots and  things have changed around here and i'm still in the front of of it. We're in an alliance and we'll be safe and hit the merge and hopefully take  out the chicks. Matt basically say jerk. He calls the strongest guys the roosters and the whole time i'm agreeing with  him but in my mind i'm like i am never going to be with you. It ain't "Survivor" unless you're lying. He wants me, mike, Jay, and Jonas. As an alliance. Matt is so dangerous to me, dude. It's like, when he talks he's like, "this is what we've got to do. And i'm tired of the small little people. Us roosters walk around--" and he included me with the rooster group. I think Matt is so power hungry-- you think we should get rid of Matt before  we get rid of Bill? Well, everybody wants to vote for Bill. Right now, the vote is between Bill and Matt. If i had my way Bill would go because he's annoying and i hate him and i hate  his voice and i can't stand to listen to him talk. Matt, on the other hand, is like the head of the snake and you have to chop  off the head of snake for the rest of it to stop-- whatsoever-- wiggling. Are you ready to go, boss? Oh, my God. Either one makes me perfectly happy. Honestly, out of this tribe of nine, if i could get rid of, like, five  people, it would be heaven. Heaven. Jeff: Behind each of you is a torch. Go ahead and grab a torch and approach the flame. Dip it in and get fire. This is part of the ritual at tribal council because in this game, fire  represents your life. When your fire is gone, so are you. So, Michael, with nine guys, there has to be a little bit of a power  struggle, at least initially. You know, the dynamics just kind of came together. Like, me and Matt clicked instantly. He's somebody you can work with. But there are a lot of different alliances going in this tribe. It's hard to keep track of. Jeff: Tarzan, so only eight games within this game there are fractions within  this group of nine. As far as i'm concerned, we have an alliance of five and i trust those five. And i think we'll stick together. That's what i believe. Jeff: So, Colton, if there's an alliance of five that's strong, math says the  other four would be in trouble. Well, i'm not uncomfortable because i'm not going home tonight. Jeff: And why is that? Because i have an idol. The girls gave it to me. Jeff: So you're saying you're not going home because you're going to play  it-- yeah. I'm not going to be a james. I'm not going to have an idol and go home. That's stupid. Jeff: Michael, is there a thought that an idol at camp is too disruptive so  let's throw some votes just to make sure we get it out. That's on a lot of our minds. Colton, he's Colton. This whole time he's worked with two tribes. He was sleeping over there, eating over there and we didn't know which way it  was going and then he has an idol on our side so it's disrupting the whole  game. Jeff: Colton, you've been spending a lot of time with the women. Well, yeah, that shouldn't be a shock. Jeff: Wait, a second, why shouldn't that be a shock? Are you on the men's tribe. All of my friends at home are girls. Jeff: You're not on their tribe. You don't compete with them. You don't go to tribal council, and so you look at me and say,  "duuh." tts a reverse duuh, double dare on you. Here's the thing, women are more, like, nurturing and they pet and you they  tell you, you know, it's going to be okay. Jeff: Do you realize what kind of a target you put on your back when you say  that? Well, yeah, but that distribute mean i'm going to vote with those women. Jeff: Bill, explain to me how this makes sense. I mean, honestly, as much as he assumed that we spot on judged him. He spot on judged us and assumed we wouldn't take him in -- you mean, because  he's gay? Yeah. Jeff: Tarzan. Here's what we discovered. Colton's highly intelligent. He's invaluable with regard to understanding how this game plays. He already has allegiances with females over there, and when we combine, he's  already said. He's real smart. If we value our survival we need him in the first few plays here. Who is "we," Tarzan. I'm talk, i used the word "we" in a general sense. I'm trying to help Colton defend his status because i believe he's very  valuable and i think our team will prosper if he stays here a bit longer. Jeff: And, Matt, you're not buying it. Well, i think Tarzan has, you know, put out a cry for help to whoever it is  the five guys who are with him. And it does seem like Tarzan is shivering in his boots over here, and i'm  just getting sick of him using vague terms and want him to talk turkey. You're absolutely wrong. That's not the motive behind what i'm saying. I'm not buying it. My heart is broken that he misinterprets me. Jeff: Matt, are you enjoying this game? Because you seem a little agitated. Well, yeah, some of the things that have been said here tonight agitate me,  mainly Tarzan. Tarzan is always talking. Everybody is always laughing at Tarzan but you don't know who is taking him  seriously. I want people to listen and take me seriously. Jeff: Do you think people take you seriously? I do. Jeff: How will tonight's vote change this game for you? We all get one chance to make a move that sets the ball in motion, and that's  tonight. I think the game does change all the time. You always have to be willing to reassess and always be changing what you're  doing. Jeff: Bill, how concerned are you that tonight's vote will not go the way you  want it to go? You know, it's all fun and games until you're right here, right now. I mean, like, this is intense, man. This is emotion right here. You know what i mean? Like, we're sitting here. Nobody knows who is going to go home. I'm on the edge of my seat to see what happens. I'm so jacked up right now. I might go home. I might not. But i am so happy i got to play this game, man. Like, this is real intense and there's nothing else like this, man. I'm so ready to do this. Jeff: All right, with that, it is time to vote. Jonas, you're up. Jonas, you're up. Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has the hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now would be  the time to do so. Once the votes are read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area  immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Colton. Bill. Matt. That's one vote Matt, one vote Colton, one vote Bill. Matt. Two votes Matt. Matt. That's three votes Matt. Matt. That's four votes Matt. One vote Colton, one vote Bill. Third person voted out of "Survivor: One World." Matt, that's five. That's enough. You need to bring me your torch. Matt, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. First vote, first blindside. Game on. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night. Jeff? Can i ask a question? Jeff: What? Can we hear the last two votes? Jeff: No. Save those questions for me. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, captioned by media  access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our  next episode. We have a betrayal. Oh, my-- the monano tribe has lost their marbles. You will be first to go in such an egregious breech of faith. That's a hasty decision. I'm thinking what? You got that. No. I want him gone. I told you to pick a side and you picked the wrong side. I want his head on a platter. One out, you know, eight days is an incredible disappointment. You know i came out here with big expectations and a plan to do it and it  didn't work out for me. But i thought in the last couple of days i had reworked something with troy  to get the numbers back in my favor, and clearly, i was wrong. I was probably enemy number one the biggest threat they had and it spelled my  disaster captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs