<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor."  for the first five days, the men's tribe was on a roll, dominating every  challenge. [cheers and applause] even though this is one world, as far as i'm concerned,  we here in charge of this game. Jeff: Leaving the women of Salani hanging on by a thread. Is there any way we could possibly have an ember? I'm sorry, i'm a republican, i do not believe in handouts. Jeff: But the women weathered the storm with back-to-back victories. The women win immunity! Things are starting to feel different. Jeff: But even rewards and sunshine couldn't keep them from each other's  throats. What is it going to take to work together? It's guys versus girls and Christina is playing that side and playing us at  the same time. She's poison. Jeff: Facing their first tribal council, the mismisfight alliance targeted mat,  the head of the muscle alliance. But Colton was harbor ago personal vendetta and wanted to take out Bill. Bill is the type that will slit up behind you and slit your throat. We know that. So you need to eliminate that first. You're gutter trash, that's all you are. I can't stand him. Ugh! Jeff: At tribal council, the misfit alliance decided mat was a bigger threat  and he was sent home. Time for you go. First vote, first blind side, game on. 15 are left. Who will be voted out tonight? . Getting back from tribal is little upsetting because Matt went home. These guys don't know what they're doing. Most of those guys are weak and they want to keep the weak guys around. You have the old guy, you have to little guy, off gay guy who doesn't want to  work. If they want to vote out the strong guys they can continue to lose lose. That went well. Yeah. Here's the thing real quickly. Mike is so peripheral, he has no clue. We can let him float a little bit before we vote him out. It was good for us that we had to go to tribal council because i truly felt  the five of us were solid. The five are myself and Troyzan, Jonas, Colton and lee. We stand solid at the moment for at least the first round. So the next guy is Billy, because he's the one most likely to pull somebody away  from us. Good call. Bill's very dangerous. He's capable of loosening the ties that bind us five with his charm, his  beguiling character. He's a smart cookie. Yeah, and he's dangerous. Oh, yeah, i believe that. So tomorrow we're solidify that idea. Okay. Okay. Good morning! Are you exciting looking at your good hearty breakfast? Ooh. Good old snails for breakfast. The women have had a huge turnaround. We won the last two challenges and we're not starving. I mean, really and truly between coconut, snails, and the rice, we really  could probably go on for 31 more days. I mean, i could. It's mind over Matter. Nice. We're pretty sophisticated. Okay, so did you guys use that net yet? Yeah, we tried to use it yesterday. If you guys want... I'm from hawaii. I'm telling you right now, i've used a net before and i know exactly where to  lay it and when to lay it and how long to lay it. So here's what we're proposing. If we could use the net we're willing to give you half of it. Isn't that funny? I just think it's hilarious at the beginning it was us struggling and now the  boys come by wanting everything we win in challenges. It's just crazy how much the roles have reversed in nine days. I know i probably sound like a coldhearted bitch and i'm not. But we can't be feeding our enemies. If you don't want to do it, we're fine with that. We're getting enough food as it is. But it would be a lot easier for both of us. Think about it, we're doing all the work and you're getting half of it? I don't really care either way. You don't care either way? I think Jonas is a real rude dude. He made the offer with the net and then kept saying "i mean, i don't  care. I don't care. I don't care." but obviously he cares a lot. It would just be a lot easier for both of us. You guys can think about that and get back to us. The women, they're trying to be such hard-noses, i don't get that. I don't know if their emotions are turning them whacky or what but they're  emotional creatures and they can't seem to think straight. Don't think i'm a bitch! Well, you just made a bitch move. So they're doing nothing. They can sun tan on the beach while we go fish and bring them half of the  food. [laughs] like, hello? Is anybody home? Jeff: Come on in, guys! Guys ready to get to today's reward challenge? Yes, sir! Jeff: For today's challenge you will take turns using a slingshot to fire  coconuts at a massive wall of targets. Ford for it to count, you have to knock out the majority of the target. First tribe to knock out five targets in a row either horizon vertical or  diagonal wins reward. Want to know what you're playing for? Yes. Jeff: The winning tribe will have a choice between one of three rewards. You can choose comfort. Oh! Jeff: Pillows, blankets and a Mattress. A Mattress! Jeff: Or you can choose protection for from the rain. We have that. Jeff: The form of a tarp. Men already have one. Or if everything's going really well and you don't need either of those. You can take some luxury. Oh, my God! Doughnuts! Jeff: Coffee, sugar, creamer and a huge plateful of doughnuts to take back to  camp. I can tell it's worth playing for. Men, you have one extra person sitting somebody out. Who's it going to be. I'll sit it. Bill is going to sit this one out, take a spot on the bench. Everybody else strategize. We'll get started. All right, here we go. For reward. Colton up for the men. Kill it, Colton. Jeff: Monica up for the women. You're looking to connect five in a row. When you're ready. Colton connects but doesn't knock it out. Monica knocks out a couple of planks but not quite enough. Those are not hits. We're still even, zip-zip. Next two. Sabrina now firing for the women. Tarzan up for the men. Come on, Tarzan! Doughnuts, doughnuts! Jeff: Men talking nothing but doughnuts over here. When you're ready. Sabrina connects but not enough. Tarzan connects for the men! The men are on the board with one! Next two. Kat for the women, Troyzan for the men. Men connect but not enough Kat connects for the women! The women are on the board with their first point. Yeah! Like that? Smell that? Jeff: Next two, we are 1-1, but the key is getting five in a row. All the way, sit down. Sit down. Jeff: Lisa going way back. Oh! Jeff: Michael connects for the men and knock out their second target. Next two. Leif for the men, Kim ready to take a shot for the ladies. Kim right down through an open target. Leif connects but not enough. Chelsea up for the ladies. Chelsea just misses. Jonas connects but not quite enough. Next two. All right, Monica. Monica's back way deep. Monica releases and obliterates a target for the women! Colton goes high. Nothing but air for the men. Next two. Tarzan takes aim. Tarzan hits the frame. Sabrina lets it rip and obliterates another target for the women. The women have connected two in two different places, horizontally and  vertically. Next two. You're looking to connect five. Come on, Christina. Christina ready. Damn! Jeff: Jay rears back. Jay connects for the men. The men now have two connected in that center row. Next two. Alicia's back. And that'll do it. The women now have three connected straight down the middle. Michael way short. Didn't even get to the target. Leif goes high but too high. Kim fires and connects knocking out the fourth target for the women! Ah, crap. Jeff: Women now in the lead with only one target left, the big choice of  reward. Okay, it's on. Jason, baby, you're the man. You're gonna do it, new. Right. Jeff: Jonas is up for the men. Come on, jason! Jeff: . His name is Jonas. Jeff: Jonas goes way back on that platform and he connects for the men! Way to go, Jonas! Jeff: Chelsea knocks out another target giving the women more options. The men have three connected in the center row. The women has one target in mind. Bottom row, center target for the win. Colton not wasting any time. He's back and ready. Too high! Colton right through an empty target. Monica can win it right here Monica does it for the women! Women win their third straight challenge! And a choice of reward! [cheers and applause] whoop, whoop, whoop. Jeff: All right, women. Three challenges in a row. [screaming] guys has momentum finally shifted. Is this what it takes, three in a row? No, luck! Jeff: Luck? Pure luck. Luck, i don't think so. Jeff: All right, women. Three very different choices of reward. Oh, my God. A diet, girls, got to be tarp. Yeah, tarp. It's got to be tarp. Jeff: What's the choice? Choice is the tarp, Jeff. Jeff: Women, get your reward, head back to camp and get it set up. Nice job. Great job, ladies. Bye! Oh, yeah, bye, bye. Jeff: Well, what appeared early on to have the makings of a blowout is  clearly a very competitive game between the men and the women. Guys, got nothing for you. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. Camp. Another "w" babies. Good job, everyone. Good job. They thought they had in the the bag. Salani on three? One, two, three, Salani! It was so good to win the reward challenge. When we hit that last one you could tell it sucked all the air out of them. I didn't care. Tarzan was over with his crusty ass talking about "it's just luck, it's  just luck" luck these. So what they got a tarp. The challenge itself was kind of a fluke. We didn't have enough time to learn the game. Neither did they, though. It's pretty much dead even. They have a tarp; we have a tarp. The game is not easy, dude, we're up one person. I will take one person up over all the doughnuts in the world. To be honest, we got our butts kicked. These women aren't slouches so we need to stop thinking about them as just  some chicks over there because the momentum and "oh, we've won three;  they've won three" that's out the window, man! We just need to win these immunity challenges, bro. I know. Those chicks are tough. Those are some serious competitors, man. For sure, definitely. I'd love to find an idol. Yeah, me, too. That'd make me feel so much better. I'm definitely glad to actually be able to talk to you. When Colton said to vote for you, i didn't really want that, you know? Colton said that? Yeah. Yeah. Wow. And... Don't tell him that. I won't. I won't. And then everyone came to the decision that it should be Matt because, i  mean, we didn't really know where your head was at and, i mean, we're all on  the same page now. Boys and girls, Bill just got wowed. Turns out my name was way more on the chopping block than i thought it was at  the last tribal council. Well, you know, that's what happens bro. That's the name of the game. Name of the beast. This changes everything, now that i know the gloves are off and it's  anybody's game. Just keep everything between us, you know? If i find an idol, bro, i'll let you know, i swear it. I saw Leif talking to Bill and, like, they were a good conversation. I swear to God it's that guy Leif, man. That little munchkin is about to get knocked back to oz. Where is he? Call Leif over here. Hey, Leif. Colton wants you. The misfits are running the show right now. I think there's a target on my back so i need to do something and Colton and  i were talking about Leif because i see Leif as working all sides here. So i brought Leif into the mix just to add one more cushion in front of me. Did you tell Bill that he was next? Did i tell Bill? Yeah. I was just trying to... I didn't tell him. I didn't straight up tell him, yeah, we're voting for you, bro. What'd you say? I'm giving you a chance right now. If you told him, tell me, and i'll try to do what i can. But if you lie to me again... What did you tell him? I didn't even say that. What did you say? Okay, yes, i did. You told him? I apologized. You told him we were after him? You pretty much sealed your fate. It's a tight race between Leif and Bill for who is the most wishy-washy  player in this game. Bill's more sneaky whereas Leif is more stupid. He's turning into an annoying little oompa loompa. Do you understand that no one here trusts you? I know. You are digging your own grave. I know. I just... Well, i told you to pick a side and you picked the wrong side. Today i put the biggest ultimate foot in my mouth and right now everybody has  really lost trust in me. I really hope that i can somehow regain that because if not i could possibly  be going home. I really did it this time. Treemail! Looks like a puzzle. All right, guys let's all put it together. Corners. Another corner. All right. "when pairs of minds work together, being well balanced is an important  part. You can't outrun a vote against you, so today you'll just have to be smart. When pairs of minds work together" so we're working in twos. I would like to be partnered with someone who's good at puzzles because i'm  bad at them. We can use the same partners. You're good at puzzles? I just put that together, really. I'm not talking about that. Are you call megastupid? It seems like we have to do a puzzle and right away Kat says "i don't  want to be with you. You can't do no puzzles." and right then and there that pissed me off  and i had to check her. Me intention wasn't saying the partner i had last time wasn't smart enough to  be my partner now. That's how you took it? I so didn't take it that way. I took it that way. Okay, we're not going to recap it. Kat was saying look, i'm not the brightest star in the universe when it comes  to puzzles and Alicia took it very personal causing controversy minutes  before our challenge where we need to have our minds straight. You already know we're a hot mess in here when it comes to communication but Alicia  stuck a firecracker, that's stuff we don't need right now. Jeff: Come on in, guys! Guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge? Yes! Jeff: First things first, i will take it back. Thank you. Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you will be paired up and tied together. On my go, each pair will race across teeter-totters to get to a puzzle. Solve the puzzle, bring back a key, the next pair goes. Once you've solved the remaining puzzles and collected all three keys, one  person will use those keys to open three locks. The first tribe to open their three locks and raise their tribe flag wins  immunity, avoids tribal council. Losers, tribal council tonight somebody will be voted out of this game. Men, you have one extra person. Bill sat out the last challenge, who's it going to be this time? Me. Jeff: Jonas, take a spot on the bench. Everybody else, i'll give you a minute to strategize and work on your pairs  then we'll get started. Here we go. For immunity, Survivors ready? Go. Let's go, guys. Jeff: Chelsea and Alicia the first couple for the women. Tarzan and Colton the first couple for the men. Got to get over the teeter-totter and solve that puzzle. Go, go! Jeff: The women are first to the puzzle. They're putting logs together and they will line up. That goes here. Colton and Tarzan making progress. This goes here. There we go. There we go. Jeff: Guys have it. Head back. We have to keep get the key! Oh, get the key! Jeff: Ladies starting to fall behind but it's a long challenge. Next two go. God! Jeff: Jay and Michael heading out for the men. Right after that, second puzzle. Go, go! Jeff: Jay and Michael. Four pieces need to form a pyramid. Three corner base! This is not working. Right here. What's going on over there? Jeff: The women are still working on that first puzzle. It is the easiest puzzle and it's taking them a long time. . Come on, fellas, you guys got this. Come on, guys! Yes! Yes! Yes! Jeff: Guys have their second puzzle. They have put the pyramid together quickly. Jay and Michael heading back. The women still working on their first. Troyzan and Bill heading out now. Going to work on the third and final puzzle. I cannot believe we can't get this. Chelsea, just look at their puzzle. No, no, do not do that. It's the long piece... Oh, look at that! Is. Jeff: Chelsea starting to look next door to see if she can figure out how the  guys did it. Cheat! Kiss my ass. Cheater, cheat! Jeff: Troyzan and Bill start work on the slide putzle with a gigantic lead. Come on, you guys! Good work, baby. Jeff: This is hard to believe! The women have checked the men's puzzle, they've gone over and looked at it  and still can't get it together. You guys suck, you know that? That's it! Jeff: The women have it finally, take off that first key and get a move-on. The men have had a lot of time to work on this slide puzzle and they're  making a lot of progress. Kim and Sabrina heading out to that second puzzle. The only good news to being behind is there's a model right next door to look  at. Hey, quit looking at our puzzle! Cheater! Cheater! Don't you do that. Tarzan, you're going to get slapped, dude. Yeah! Come on, boys! Jeff: The men have their third puzzle solved. They've got the third key and they're heading back. Come on, troy! Come on, Bill! Yay! Yay! Jeff: The men have three keys. All they have to do is open three locks and immunity is theirs once again. Jeff: . Don't give up girls, we got it. [laughs] Jeff: Leif has the first lock undone. Yes! Jeff: Leif has the second lock open. It's not one world, it's Leif's world. Jeff: Leif has the third lock undone! Leif raises the flag! Men women immunity! [cheers and applause] men, congratulations. [applause] immunity once again is yours. [chanting] that was a blowout. That barely qualified as a challenge. Alicia, you and Chelsea were still working on the first puzzle and the men  were nearly done with the entire challenge. I know. It's embarrassing. Jeff: How do you laugh? It's like, "oh, can't wait to tell everybody how bad that was." not  at all. I think i let them down. That was an easy puzzle and i don't know what went wrong. Jeff: You walked over, looked at it and couldn't get it. I hear you. Jeff: Men, no tribal council tonight, enjoy the night off. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. Nice work. Women, tribal council tonight. Somebody else from your tribe will be out of this game for good. You have to afternoon to figure out who it will be. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. See you at tribal council. Alicia's attitude after the challenge was repulsive. But that actually can be to my advantage because now all the girls are coming  to think that it's time for Alicia to go and when there's a weak link, you've  just got to take it out. Just got to take it out. Jeff: All right, boys, great job. Sweet. Every single person pulled their weight. That's it for those girls, man. He's back in our camp. That one we came through and we crushed it. We pulled out a win when we definitely needed it, man. And it may have saved my butt because i'm on the outs with the tribe but now  we're not going to tribal and it's nice to see that little red devil back at  camp. Okay, i kind of want to know what happened. I. I'm not making any excuses but it did look a lot easier than it was. Chelsea and i we really did try and i think for the most part we do a great  job in our other challenges so hopefully that doesn't... That could have been  any one of us. Tomorrow is a new day. When it comes to challenges, i'm used to people just like, you know, let's go  to war. So Alicia laughing about the loss, that right there pissed me off. That's like salt in the wound today. Alicia is just dead weight with a mouth. Let me know how you feel. Alicia's got to go. What? Alicia does not want to be here. She has no fight. I know but... I just don't know that Christina's contributing any more than Alicia. She's contributing a lot more at camp. No doubt. And who's had beef between people? That makes me nervous. For sure i thought Christina was the locked in vote to go. So the mood is weird now. Sabrina is trying to shake things up and that makes me a little nervous. I don't know. It's going to be an interesting afternoon. Hey Colton. What? Let me talk to you for a moment. Why? I want to squash some beef, handle it like adults. I don't want to talk. We're not going to tribal council, we're not voting anyone off. Yo, yo, listen, person to person, human to human, man to man. I don't want to hear that crap. I don't want to hear that crap. I want to talk to you. I'm not talking to you right now. Listen, bro, i don't know why you don't like me, man, or what i've done to  upset you. All i know is you have been the most wishy-washy player in this entire tribe. What am i supposed to do. Oh, my God, Bill you're going home next, that doesn't Matter. The four of us went over... Bye. There's clearly friction between me and Colton so i went to have a chat with  him man to man and he decided he didn't want to talk about it. And nothing gets me more frustrated than when somebody does not want to talk. When i don't like someone i don't want to see them, i don't want to talk to  them, like i don't want to be around them. I don't want to be around you. Period. So don't follow me. Listen.. Oh, my God, i swear. Listen you little stuck up brat, i'm telling you. What are you going to do? What are you going to do? I'm going to vote your ass out. You don't sit around and talk to people everything you want to. No, no. Move. No, dude. I absolutely hate Bill. I hate his voice. I hate his jokes. He's not funny. Like, you know, i'm a standup comedian. Shut up. Get a real job. You are disgusting. I hate him. I want his head on a platter. I want him gone. Bill just attacked me like got up in my face. Like started yelling at me. Leif told him that he was next. That's what Leif said? What a bunch of knuckle heads. Bill is a crazy person. I hate him maybe i should go to those girls and say do y'all want to trade  and we'll go to tribal council because we have more to deal with. That would be interesting. Would you be willing? Because here's the thing... I know y'all want to go to the merge with numbers  but if you go to the merge with numbers that aren't on your side it doesn't Matter. That's a... I've never heard of anyone doing this. We just won immunity and Colton's saying we should give it away. And i'm thinking what? This is a huge move, dude. But it's a smart move in the end. I don't like that idea but at this point Colton's calling the shots. So what am i going to say, no? If i do that, Colton might put a target on my back. We can give the girls immunity and go to tribal council and vote out Bill. Say what? Yeah. Shut up! Honestly. This is going to be the smartest move for us because... Wait, wait, wait. I think that's a hasty decision. Leif told Bill he was getting voted out. Bill goes crazy. So now Colton's like let's give the girls our immunity idol and vote Bill out  right now. But Leif is a loose cannon, too. He's working both sides. Let's think about it for a second. Yeah. Listen, buddy... I agree. Let's give... We've got to go in now and do that. When a group of men get together and make a pact, you betray them, that's a  breach of faith. So we have to do something about this and we've got to do it tonight. We're thinking of letting you guys stay and we go to tribal council. Why? We have a betrayal. What happened? They want to go to tribal. Are you joking? Nope. Oh, my God! They've really lost their mind. All right, listen, Leif, i'm sorry, but what you did is egregious. You should not have done that. That was bad. And the best thing to do is give the girls the idol and go to tribal tonight  rather than smolder about it for God knows how many days. Wait. When we go to tribal council, what is going to happen? We're going to vote Leif out. Tarzan gave this huge speech about how he's sending Leif home but i thought Colton  wanted to vote out Bill. So i'm like what in the world is going on? What do you think all of us should do? I truly am sorry, guys. I mean i just want to be 100% you with you guys. You have betrayed us. That means you will not be trusted and you will be, whether you vote on this  tonight or not, bull the first to go. It's amazing. I mean, they've got drama in their house after a win. I don't care. Let them fall apart. I would love not to go to tribal council. The Manono tribe has absolutely lost their marbles. They're not a tribe. They're not working together. Which is great because if they do this, it gives the Salani tribe that big  boost that we needed. Okay, might as well vote. We all have to agree on it because you can't do it unless we all agree. Who wants to go to tribal council raise their hand. I do. Come on. How about you, Bill? Man this game is crazy. But if i vote with the rest of the group to go to tribal and vote Leif off  well he's in hot water and people are angry, that serves my purpose immensely. I'll have you guys know i am completely bum-puzzled right now. I don't know what to make of this. The guys are very confused right now. But i've always been able to get people to do what i want and i want Bill gone. I'm running this entire show right now. If you can't see that, you are helen keller. Just know this, no foolishness like that would ever go down in this tribe. Ever. No way. I just hope we don't have to go to tribal and vote somebody off. Off. 24 seasons, some 400 tribal councils. Never had a tribe arrive at tribal council after winning immunity. What happened today, Troyzan? You're at tribal council! The one place you do not want to be in this game. Well, what happened was everyone got together and agreed to give the immunity  to the girls because as a team we wanted to vote Bill out. But Leif basically said Bill we're voting you out so he kind of broke the  trust of everybody. It was like you just committed, like, the cardinal sin to us and so as a  group we said that can't happen. You have to go. Jeff: So Leif was a member of your alliance. Yes. Jeff: He was in on it and went and blurted it. Yes. Jeff: So Leif you blurt this out and then all hell rains down on you. Yeah, i'm definitely a guy that just tries to play with my heart on my sleeve  and it bit me in the butt. Jeff: Playing with your heart on your sleeve doesn't mean giving up  information from an alliance. Well, i know Bill and i have definitely been getting closer on like a more  friend level and that's what it was. I mean, he asked and i told him. Jeff: And you understand strategically how dangerous that is. Yeah. I mean right now i'm pretty much going home. But by putting myself up for elimination i really hope that it proves to the  guys that i still have integrity within our group. Jeff: Jay, why is it so urgent to give up immunity? Why not just say "all right, next time we have to vote somebody out, Leif,  it's you"? You know, when i first heard of this it went over my head like are you guys  kidding? We demolished our enemy and you want to hand over the idol. Jeff: But you said yes. I did. If i don't go with the majority i could be the next one to go. I'm not trying to put a target on my back so reluctantly, yes, i said yes. Jeff: Bill, what are the chances that this will go down as the single dumbest  move ever in this game? Dumber than somebody giving up their individual immunity. This is a tribe! Eight people agreed to do this! I mean, this could be the single dumbest move. I mean, you don't know until it plays out but there's no point in going into  a merge if you have somebody who can't be trusted. Jeff: Colton, where did this idea first start? When did you hear about it? When we realized that Leif had told Bill, like, i'm the type of person in this  game that if i don't like you i'm not gonna talk to you. Like, i will just ignore you, like leave me alone. Jeff: Who don't you like in this game? Bill. [laughs]. Jeff: Why don't you like Bill? He's obnoxious, he's loud. And, plus, he's a "struggling standup comic." i don't get what your  correlation is. Like, get a real job! Jeff: Wow, Bill. Honestly, i love the kid to death. We just come from two totally different backgrounds. But the thing about it is... Wait, you just spoke. Give me a second. Me and him come from two entirely different backgrounds. I'm not here trying to make it this whole black white thing or whatever. I'm just talking about the differences in our upbringings, you know what i  mean? I've been on my own since i was 17 years old, man. Me being poor, that's just my life. When you're a struggling stand up comic, that's what you do. You don't make very much money, you sleep on people's couches and you go from  gig to gig. The truth is, that's what i do. Jeff: So Colton, tell me about where you come from. Alabama. I mean, i live a town of 3,000 people. And, yes, i did go to a private, like, all-white school. But i do have, like, african american people in my life. Jeff: Who? [laughs] my housekeeper! So, i mean, like, that just put us on a weird vibe from day one. But she's, like, a member of our family. Jeff: A paid member. Yes. I mean, you know... She doesn't work for free. But i don't have a problem with Bill because of his race at all. The problem i have with Bill is that he's poor pitiful me i'm poor. Like, i don't associate with people like that in the real world and i'm sure  as hell not going to associate with people like that out here. Jeff: So being a standup is not a legitimate profession in your eyes? No, it is a legitimate profession but having a backup plan. Like, don't live off the kindness of others. Jeff: . Are you out of your mind? Bro, you haven't worked an honest day in your life or had to actually go out  and get a job. You're going to sit up here and tell me that me pursuing my dream, something  that i love, which is comedy, i don't want a fallback plan. That's what i want to do with my life. Okay... Hold on. That's what i want to do with my life. Don't judge me. I don't judge you. So don't look down at me. Don't call me names. And for the love of God i work with people and for no one. You got that? Whatever, Bill. Jeff: Kohl on the, are there any groups where you live that look down or  maybe judge the fact that you're gay? I'm sure there are. But the people that i associate with, yeah, y'all can say country club  people, whatever, i feel like they have more educated thoughts and ideas and  they're more open and accepting to things. The ones who have a problem with it are the ones riding around in their,  like, jacked up chucks with the rebel flags hanging in the back and they go  home to their trailers at night. Jeff: Tarzan? All i want to say is this conversation has devolveed into a number of social  platitudes unfair to both guys and as far as i can tell Colton's been painted  in the wrong light, which is easy enough to do. Jeff: What light is that? Well, he's been painted as a rich kid that never had to lift a finger and...  Jeff: Painted by who? Okay, here's the deal. The whole thing about race irks me. I think it's time to quit talking about [bleep]ing races. I'm fed up with people talking about race! I'm tired of it! I want people to base what they think about somebody on how they behave and  what their merits are and nothing else. I don't care what color they are. That's how people should do. And i think this country is moving in that direction. We have a black president! That's what i think. Jeff: It's very interesting what's developed here tonight. The differences that you guys bring into this game are a very big part of  what will either get you to the end or end up getting you voted out as is  going to be the case tonight. You two may never have met in normal life. Never. But you're here today and the only way to get to the end is either with each  other or through the other. And regardless how this vote comes out, this tribal council will go down as  one of the craziest in the history of this game. It is time to vote. Jay, you're up. Jay, you're up. I don't like you. I'm never gonna like you so please take your broke ass home. Please take your broke ass home. Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has the hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now would be  the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are read, the decision the final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Leif. Bill. Bill. Two votes Bill; one vote Leif. Bill. Three votes Bill; one vote Leif. Bill. Four votes Bill, one vote Leif. Fourth person voted out of "Survivor: One World," Bill, that's  five, that's enough. You need to bring me your torch. Bill, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Well, voluntarily giving up immunity will go down as one of the biggest and  riskiest moves ever seen in this game. Time will tell if this one pays off. Grab your torch, let's head back to camp. Good night. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, captioned by media  access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org Jeff: Next time on "Survivor"...  All hail to the queen! Jeff: Colton's reign continues. Blah what's the plan? I could be Colton's bitch, i'll be whatever you want me to be. Jeff: But a twist knocks him off his throne. Before we get to the challenge... Oh, my God! I just thought beep! My tribe is doing some very unorthodox things. But since i was probably next on the chopping block anyway, i came to tribal  council to roll the dice. One day Colton will be put in a situation where he can't just not like  somebody because they're not people that he's used to or that he's grown up  with. He judged me because of my differences and i accept him