<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor."  after a rough start for the women's tribe... Women win their third straight  challenge! Momentum had finally swung their way. Back at camp, Leif leaked information to the enemy alliance. When. When Colton said to vote to you, i didn't really want that, you know? Jeff: And quickly found his name on Colton's hit list, alongside Bill. I told you to pick a side and you picked the wrong side. Jeff: At the immunity challenge... Cheater! Cheater! Kiss my ass. Jeff: ... The women suffered a devastating loss. Men win immunity! But it was the men's tribe who lost their mind. Listen you little stuck-up brat, i'm telling you... What are you going to do? What are you going to do? I want him gone. Jeff: Colton wanted to get rid of Bill. We can give the girls immunity and go to tribal council and vote out Bill. I'm like what in the world is going on? I'm completely bum-puzzled right now. I don't know what to make of this. Jeff: Everyone gave in, not wanting to go against the majority. At tribal council Colton continued his attack on Bill. He's a struggling standup comic. Like, get a real job. Me being poor, that's just my life. I don't know how to sugar coat it. I don't associate with people like that in the real world and i'm sure as  hell not going to associate with people like that out here. Jeff: In the end, Colton got his way. Fourth person voted out of "Survivor: One World," Bill. And now the men and women are even at seven and it's anyone's game. 14 are left. Who will be voted out tonight. It feels like it today. You guys are hunkered down together, man. Troy, whose idea was it to give up the idol? Give the idol back? Colton's. But you know in some guys heads they were going home. I didn't want to agree with it but it's a group thing so i don't know. We really should have six people on this tribe but we have seven. The guys are much more of a mess than what we thought, you know? But i'm not going to question their nonsense over there. I'm happy we have seven and the girls are sticking together on this one. If we're going to stick as a tribe of all girls, we need to be seven going in  strong. We have to stick together because we don't know what the heck these guys are  thinking. It's like... I mean, it's crazy stuff that's happening over there. Yes. We need to win it. Yeah. The guys messed up big time. I'm excited. I really want to win. If we come in strong seven we're going to blow them away. We're going to beat them today in our challenge. They are so dumb. They handed us a million dollars. Jeff: Come on in, guys! Guys ready to get to today's reward challenge? Yes, sir. Jeff: All right, before we get to the challenge, you can drop your buffs,  because we are switching tribes. No way! Oh, my God! Jeff: Take them off and drop them at your feet. Oh, boy. I don't even know how to take this thing off. Here we go. Jeff: Here's how it's going to work. It will be a random switch. You're each going to draw an egg. When i tell you to, you'll smash it against your body. Taken a egg. Don't do anything with it yet. Whatever color comes out will determine what tribe you are on. Can we eat this thing? Jeff: I'm going to count you down. Here we go, three, two, one, smash. Oh! Jeff: If you are blue, you are a Salani member. Take a spot on the blue mat. If you are orange, you are a Manono member. Take a spot on the orange mat. Hello, gentlemen. Ladies. Hey! Jeff: Kim, did your tribe just get better or worse? This could haven't gone better for us. They have all the muscle. [laughter]. Jeff: All right, Michael, Sabrina, Kat, Jay, Kim, Chelsea, Troyzan, you are  the new Salani tribe. [cheers and applause] Tarzan, Colton, Christina, Alicia, Monica, Leif and Jonas,  you are the new Manono tribe. Men and women are no more. Manono on three, one, two, three, Manono! We got it. We got this. We got this. Jeff: You guys ready to get to your first reward challenge as new tribes? [applause] for today's challenge, you will work together. Teams of four will carry a large bucket to a water tower where you will fill  it. On your way back you will work together to plug the holes that are leaking  out all the water you just collected. When you get to your finished platform, you'll dump the water in the  container and head back out. First tribe to fill their container and raise their flag wins reward. Want to know what you're playing? Yes! Yes, sir! Jeff: The winning tribe will take back to camp with them... Oh, my God. Jeff: Peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. Peanut butter and jelly? Jeff: And coffee. With sugar! Jeff: In addition, the winning tribe earn it is right to continue living at  the "one world" beach. Oh, my gosh! Jeff: The losing tribe will be sent to a new beach where you must create a  new world. Oh, my God! Jeff: We are seven on seven, nobody's sitting out. We'll give you a minute to strategize and get started. Here we go. The first reward challenge with new tribes. Survivors ready? Go! Very simple challenge. Fill your bucket with water and get back as quickly as you can. The catch is your bucket has holes. Let's go! Come on! Jeff: A little bit of strategy, how much time do you spend putting water in  your bucket before diminishing return scenario? Oh, Monica takes a hard fall and loses a lot of water! Come on! Jeff: Monica goes down again losing more water! Salani heading back now. Christina, alease kwrarbgs Monica and Colton now for Manono. It's Jay, Troyzan, Michael and Kat for Salani. Can you pull harder? No. Jeff: Manono heading back with more water. Come on, guys, you got it! Jeff: Salani heading back. No leak, you're doing good. Very little leak. Jeff: Manono looks like they have a very full bucket this time. A ton of water for Salani. Salani now with a bit of a lead in the water. One more bucket could do it for either tribe. Peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, coffee and staying at a home you have  worked so hard to build, losers go to a new beach with nothing. Let's go. Keep going! Jeff: Manono heading back. Tarzan, cover those holes! This is it. Go. Jeff: Could this be enough to win it right here? Close but no. This could do it for Salani [screaming] Salani wins reward! [screaming] Jeff: Colton, give me a hard truth about this new division of  tribes right now? Well, look at them and look at us. It's like greek Gods versus peasants. Oh, excuse me. I'm just kidding! Pardon me, my friend. Far from from a peasant, my friend. No, village people. Jeff: All right, here's how it's going to work. Salani you'll go back to the "one world" beach. Take your peanut butter and jelly and coffee with you. You guys one fishing gear, you will have the other fishing gear. It's a brand-new start. Manono here's a map to your new home. Salani, come get your reward, head back. Enjoy it. All right, Manono, take your map, head out and get started building your new  world. Good luck. Good luck. We went to the reward challenge today and when we picked the egg i said lord,  please let it be the same color as Kim. That's what i wanted. Welcome to our home, guys. I smashed it it was blue; she was blue; Chelsea was blue. That's, like, our first three in our alliance. Then i saw Kat and i was just like oh, my God! Is this really real? Maybe a slice with peanut butter and jelly on it? Oh, my God! This is amazing. I can't believe... Oh, my God. ...four girls within the five-girl alliance on the new tribe. Priceless. When i cracked that egg and i saw orange and i looked around and Jay was  covered in blue and troy was blue and i looked over and Kim had blue and Sabrina  had blue and i just thought... Beep. All right, we got ropes, we got water holders. A lot more pots and pans. Everything's going to be fine. I know. Everything is going to be fine. We got a better house. It's going to be so much better here. This is a better place. Soft sand. Not only did i get on a tribe with people that i don't want to be on a tribe  with, i got on a tribe with people who suck! We're not going to be able to compete with them in anything, you know? They're greek Gods. They're going to dominate us in challenges. They're eating peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. They're getting stronger than they already are. Oh, my God, we are going to be the laughing stock. We are not going to win. I already know we're not going to win. Even if the girls didn't have the guys on their team at Salani they'd still  probably kick our butts. That's how sad that is. The prince and the princess. Will you be my prince? Will you be my princess? Even though i can be a complete and total evil person, i know how to relate  to people. I know how to charm people. I know how to tell them what they want to hear. I know how to get them on my side. I want to give my loyalty to you guys? You promise? Pinky promise? I don't want to get blindsided. You're not going to get blindsided. You have to trust. But we have to work together. We have to act like we're a unified tribe. Who i have been with since day one? I've wanted to be with the girls. Cool. I'm going to go back. So y'all are good? I'm telling Christina what she wants to hear. I'm your best friend, you have to trust me. That's so she'll give me information. I want everybody to trust me so they'll give me information. You're not with the guys are you? A pinky promise. I pinky promise. Deal, we got three girls and you. We're set. Honey, i'm not a liar. Okay, okay. I know. I won't leave you now. Don't forget, who's your mama? Colton joined us and i felt like okay, there's power in numbers but i'm not  sure. I hope you're still with us. I hope you're not the puppet master manipulator and that you really and truly  aren't with the guys and us girls are going down one, two, three. And i feel like i'm the strongest of the three girl which is would mean it  would be me first. Just one right on the other side of that rock. Where? I don't see. There's one right here, too. Whoa! Did you get it? Yup. Oh, my God! Just poke them in the center. That's it. That's four. This will be our lunch with p.b. and j. We'll eat so good. Nice dinner rice and more crabs. Screw fishing. Guys, gather around for this load. Stay there! Stay there! Sabrina, close in over there. Mike, put your stuff down and close in. [chickens clucking] where is he? Where is he? Got him! Yes! Yes! [screaming] today has been just fantastic. It reminded me back in 1979 when i played cornerback for the central valley  bears. Which way is he going? Boom. I mean, it was total instinct. That was it. Game over. Sorry, chicken, you lose. [laughs] holy crap! We got more. Oh, my God! We caught a rooster today. Mike and Chelsea got four huge crabs. Good day of hunting. [applause] Salani, baby. Salani. It's like the Gods said "come together and i will provide you with what  you want." it's been wild! Hay, troy, do we have any space between us and the rest of the people in the  ocean? Mike and Kat are in the ocean. That's it. We were thinking going into a merge situation we want to make sure you have a  solid four or five people. The boy in the ocean is not one of them. Fine with me, dude. You know me. I think it's Salani versus Manono right now. I don't think it's men versus women and if it was we would be on the outs  because we're down a man as far as our tribe goes. They have one more girl. I don't mind at all working with these women. I think i can trust them. I want to get to know them better and see where their heads are at. What's Chelsea like? Chelsea's great. She hasn't been playing strategy. She's just kind of... She's game. I trust her. All right. Whatever merge situation happens. Let's intermingle, weave our way into it. And when it comes time to vote we have to tell each other what's going down  and make sure that it goes not towards any one of us and pretty soon we're in  the majority and it doesn't Matter anymore. This has been my thing all along. I'm trying to keep my options open so if sticking with the girls works best  for me i'll stick with the girls. And if we get to the merge and don't have the numbers, troy and Jay are my  alliance all the way. I can't get over how this could not have gone any better for me and how much  fun i'm having doing this. Anybody else want to chew on that? Oh, yeah. I thought it was going to be hard and a grind and i know it will have its  moments but this is not one of them. This is a good time. I don't like this job. I don't like having to trust people that i don't trust. Well, we're going to have to try to trust them. Oh, i trust Monica. You don't trust Christina? No. Not at all. I don't, either. I'm almost thinking-- don't you dare say anything to Monica about this, you  swear? Swear. We need to get out Christina first. We need four, though. I'm telling you, we might be safer with Tarzan and Jonas. I'm telling you. I'm telling you. No. That's unstable. Uh-uh. That's why you guys had all that crazy stuff going down. Leave it as it is. The girls are loyal. You guys are the ones who are crazy. I don't consider Colton as a guy so i feel like we have four women against  three guys. But Colton's crazy. He really wants Christina out but i need to keep my women here and get rid of  the guys so that when we merge i'm still there. Or... Or at least keep my name in the mix. So what's the story between you and Alicia. I'm just talking to her. You're in good with her. What's the plan? I'm sticking with the guys, honestly. I can't afford to go with these women. While we're working busting our ass building a shelter, Colton is doing the  same thing! He's just sitting on his ass talking to Alicia. I'm like what is going on? How... How does he get away with this? I... It just... It's... I never thought to play that game. It's brilliant. They have to think i'm their fourth. But i'm not. You have to trust me. Don't scam me bro. Fist bump, i'm not. Seriously. I promise you. Half of me believes him, half of me is like... He's like "i'm such a  girl." what is that? Christina's going first? Yes, just remember to write her name down. All right, good deal? Okay, sweet enough. It's kind of like Colton's just running the show on both sides with the women  and the men but it would be rick ridiculous for me not to think he's aligning  with the women right now. Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Sabrina finds the immunity idol but it's not for our tribe. She gets to play it for one of the guys. Nobody really had the girls' idol and something map ised for me and i thought  i'm literally going to find this right now. It's out here somewhere. I walked all around the guy's side looked at every tree, nothing, nothing. I was getting discouraged and said, lord, please. Thank you. Finally. I just found the immunity idol. It's really, really good. It feels amazing. I've looked so hard so i had to literally reach in there and feel it. I just found the immunity idol and it's in my crotch. You're lying. I'm not. Shut up! Okay, are you ready? Holy cow! Damn! As soon as i found the idol i've kind of been thinking i might keep it to  myself but as i was trying to grab it and get it i thought there's no one i  trust in this game more than Chelsea if i'm going to do this with anyone it  will be with her so i decided to let her in on it. Now that we have this and we can literally... Like, this could be a game  changer where we take the numbers. No one can know, not a word of it. Hell no. And we need to be careful they don't see us as a pair because the other one  would never have an idea. We just need to make sure that we have our alliance with as many people as  possible. This is awesome. Pull the thing. Pull it! Pull it! Pull it! Slowly, slowly. What are you? [screaming] we got a chicken! We got a chicken! Oh, my God! We are so fed! Look at that! We are so fed! We're so awesome, guys! How'd he get out? These people suck at "Survivor." i mean, let's just be honest. They suck at "Survivor." i think we're going to lose the immunity  challenges regardless. I don't think we have a chance in hell of winning. I guess we should have checked the sides of the coop. That's embarrassing. I think Monica and Christina are both on the outs but Monica has way more  power than Christina. Christina has no friends on that other tribe and when we merge if Monica's at  that merge it's going to be bad. If Christina's there, it's not a big deal. She's going to be easy to get rid of. Here's the thing i need to know from you. This is just me and you talking, okay? Okay. Monica's a hell of a lot scarier than Christina. Agreed. But Monica has to go next. So Monica and then who's next after Monica? Christina. If you... But you're asking... I'm just saying, you have to see it my way. I see it your way. You are asking me to trust a whole other tribe... No, i'm not. I'm asking you to trust me. One person who can control those guys. Okay. Deal. All right? I just had to convince Alicia i have her back. I convinced her i was like, look, i'll take care of you, we have to take out Monica  and Christina. I will vote your way but i swear to God... You're not going to get screwed. If you screw me over... You can come to alabama and kill me. I've been getting rid of the head of the snake this entire game: Matt, Bill,  now Monica so i think it's pretty brilliant. Jeff: Come on in, guys. Guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge? Yes! Jeff: First thing's first. Kat, i will take it back. Thank you. Once again immunity back up for grabs. For today's challenge, three members of each tribe will race to get a ball in  the water. You will then work together to shoot the ball into a basket while the members  of the other tribe try to stop you any way they can. Every time you get a ball in the basket, you score a point for your tribe. First tribe to score three wins immunity and the safe from tribal council. Losers, tribal council tonight, somebody will be voted out of this game. Give you a minute to strategize, we'll get started. All right, here we go. First round is three men taking on three men. [cheers and applause] go, boys! Defending the goal, Tarzan and Michael. Colton matches up against Jay. Jonas matching up against Troyzan. Here we go. You go when it hits the water. Go. Jay takes Colton down. Jay takes Jonas down. Jay has it over to Michael who's wide open. Michael scores for Salani! Salani leads 1-0. Way to go, Jay! Next round, two women; one man. It will be Sabrina matching up against Christina. Kat muching up against Monica. Guarding the goals, Michael and Leif. A little height disparity at this end. Salani leads 1-zip, here we go. Go. Michael high-stepping it out to get to that ball first. Michael's going to get that ball and have a free run back. Nobody may even be able to catch him. Tosses over Leif's head. He's so tall. Michael misses first time, misses again. Leif's trying to get on him. Leif's doing a good job. Leif making it tough. Mike misses for the fifth time. Monica has the ball. Leif trying to push mike away. Not having it. Sabrina and Monica getting into it. Kat in on it. Who's going to come up with the ball. Leif has it Leif with a shot! Just misses. Come on, mike, quick! Throw him over to our side. Jeff: Mike has it to Salani. Over to Sabrina. Kat with a free shot for Salani. She can't get it to go. Leif the smallest guy out there but working the hardest. Tying up Kat. Michael trying to steal the ball, Christina gets tossed away by mike. [cheers and applause] mike scores for Salani. Salani leads 2-0. [cheers and applause] hard-fought point. All right. Salani leads 2-zip. We're playing to three. This could be it. It's three women taking on three women in what could be the deciding round. Defending the goal Kat and Christina. Matchups Monica and Sabrina. And Alicia and Chelsea. This is it. Manono needs to get on the board here or it is over. Survivors ready? Go. Get it Kat! Is. Jeff: Kat racing to get that ball for Salani. She's got it and now racing back. Christina got to take her down. She does. Kat passes off to Sabrina. Alicia holding Chelsea back. A long shot almost goes in. Monica and Sabrina getting into it now. Monica now for Manono. She's got a free shot! Monica can score and she does! Manono's on the board. Salani leads 2-1. Yeah! No shutouts! Let's go Manono! Let's go! Jeff: Next round, three men, same three that went in the first time. Manono going to put Colton down to guard the goal this time against Michael. Salani leads 2-1. Playing to three. Salani could win it right here. Survivors ready? Go! Colton sprinting through the water! Colton beats Michael to the ball. Michael and Jay now double teaming on Colton. Help me! Jeff: Colton is not giving up that ball. Tarzan trying to take Jay off of Colton who will not give up the ball. Jay takes down Troyzan. Jonas taking down Troyzan. Colton takes a long shot but it's short Jay gets passed Tarzan, Jay can win  it but he's short. Another shot misses. Troyzan! Misses. Michael scores for Salani. Salani wins immunity! [cheers and applause] all right, guys! Good job! Good job, guys. Salani, congratulations. Immunity is yours. No tribal council tonight. Head on out. Enjoy the night off. Manono, somebody going home. You have to afternoon to figure out who it's going to be. See you at tribal. We did what we could. It's kind of hard going up against that kind of competition. At least it wasn't a shutout. We got one on the board. Yup. One point. Put it here, baby. Good job, Monica. I'm sorry i let you guys down. You did more than any of us, though. Well, now what? Today you will see an oscar performance from Colton and i for the best blind  side ever played. Monica's going home tonight. So if you guys are voting off a girl tonight, please think about staying  strong. Definitely. So that we can win the challenge tomorrow. I'm glad we're on the same page. And i'm sure she thinks she's in a safe spot because she did score us a  basket but she's going home. And, hey, Alicia is following me like a fiddle. If following Colton means voting out somebody else and getting me one step  further to the million, awesome. I could be Colton's bitch, i'll be whatever you want me to be. But just don't vote me off. [laughs] we need to win. I know. So maybe we should just get rid of Tarzan. I think so. I don't want to keep talking. Tell Monica that. I wanted to say it and when Alicia said it it was like cool, that's exactly  what i was thinking and Tarzan at the challenge today looked like wash ago  wounded hippo trying to walk over to the water so i think it comes to a  unanimous decision that he just needs to go. We need to get rid of Tarzan. Yeah, that was a little awkward today at the challenge. Are you okay with that? I'm cool with that. . That's literally what we just said. Literally. Because we have to win tomorrow. It's embarrassing. Don't tell Tarzan but we're going to blind side him. Okay. Just as long as it's not me. Tell me what to do. We have... I mean, we have to win. We have to win. No doubt. That's the thing. This is one world, baby, this is one world. We have to think like that. Are are you inn. Yeah, if that's what it takes to keep us unified, we've got to do it. The guys have lost sight on the numbers game. I mean, it's Tarzan tonight. In my mind i'm thinking that's a huge win for the women that the men are on  board to take out one of the men. We're all thinking that we've got to get rid of Tarzan because he's kind of  dividing the tribe up right now. All right. Yeah. And so... Tarzan. Yeah. All right, for sure. Tarzan. Tarzan. In a weird way, that whole event that happened with Leif telling Bill that he  was going home, that sort of tipped me off to being a little leery of Leif  and not to trust him so much. Start blowing, somebody. So Leif is definitely a wild card and he did do some pretty crazy things and  with four guys and three girls. Anybody could flip on the guys side and just, you know, make it the girls  game now. This is what we have to do. We're voting out Monica. So it's Monica? Now tell me who Monica is again? Pink bikini. Yeah. Oh, good. Okay. Yeah, yeah. She is the head of the snake, do you see what i'm saying? And Alicia said Monica's trying to play me, play you, play everybody. Yeah, she is. I've got Alicia voting with us just in case you don't. But you don't know that. Y'all are on board? Yes, i agree you with you 100%. Please, Leif. I told Leif and Tarzan basically this is the deal. We're voting out Monica but Tarzan is almost like having a grandfather with  alzheimer's and you have to tell him something 87 times. You have to keep repeating it, repeating it, repeating it because he forgets  it. Just remember, Monica tonight. Right. Monica. Just remember Monica lewinsky. Wait a minute, wait a minute... Okay. I have to make sure before we go to tribal council he knows who to write down  or he could write down jenny for all we know. Does this look okay? Yeah, you look great. If i were working with, like, somewhat intelligent people who could kind of  help me out and i didn't have to make all of the decisions it would be so  easy. But literally it's really hard being the leader of a bunch of idiots. It's so difficult. It's so difficult. Jeff: So let's talk about this new Manono tribe. Jonas, what was your reaction of your new tribe? Well, the odds were not stacked in our favor, let's just put it that way. Jeff: Monica, give me your input on this new tribe. Well, breaking up was hard to do. We'd gotten close, the girls. But it's actually turned out to be a blessing. Our beach is better, our food is plentiful and we've... We're playing like a  team, i think. Jeff: Colton, do you like Monica's positive attitude? I mean, yeah. If she thinks that she can turn this sinking ship around, by all means,  honey, take the wheel. We need Monica. Jeff: Alicia, is it possible that Monica could be what this tribe needs to  help turn things around? Um, i definitely think she's an awesome person, amazing person and amazing  supermom. She's very... Very competitive and very athletic. Thank you. And she can kick some ass. Jeff: I smell a "but" coming. She can be seen as a threat. That's the but. That's the but? That's the but. But to say i'm a threat, it's more like i'm trying to help the team instead  of trying to get myself further. But i could see how you would perceive me that way. But she's one of the most hardest working women i've ever seen. Well, good. That makes me feel happy. Jeff: Tarzan, what do you make of this new tribe? Was it good news for you? My immediate response was to drop my assertiveness to a different load star,  which is one member of this group who would then lead the first few days of  this new tribe. Jeff: So that means... Hold on. Okay. Jeff: I love this. It's kind of a game. You decided to drop your assertiveness to a different lode star which is one  member of this group. Yes. Jeff: And that would be... I shant say because the game is afoot. "i shant say"? Jeff: So you're not going to reveal because we here in the midst of the game. Yes, sir. Jeff: Leif, do you understand what Tarzan says? He's got quite a vocabulary. He definitely is a very complex, very wisdom kind of guy and... Jeff: Is it  hard even to talk around him? Do you find yourself saying "i need better words than okay"? Yeah, he definitely has a lot of big words that i can kind of comprehend but  he also helps better explainate... Jeff: See, better explainate, not a word. And what he said is a neo-low jim. Jeff: Which is what? Making up the word that sounds similar to the word you mean to say. Jeff: Awesome. It's impressive, your vocabulary. Not a lot of people have that. Thank you. Jeff: But the need to share it and the need to be heard can be disruptive. Do you ever sense that? Well, in my own environment it's a thing we do. We try to be very, very precise. Jeff: What is your world? What have your shared with your group about your world? The game is afoot, Jeff. Jeff: So that remains a mystery? Yeah. Jeff: I know you have 14 pets. I have 14 pets. I'm a medic. A wife named terry. I collect bugs. He has aphagia. Yes. Jeff: I need a dictionary. I have a nominal aphagia. It's a specific aphagia for people's names that i have had all my life. I can't remember a person's name. It's called nominal aphagia. Jeff: Do you know the names of your tribe members? I. I... Do? [laughs]. Jeff: Let's see. Okay, Tarzan. [laughs] Alicia, Leif, Colton, gosh, can you believe it? Um...... Monica. Christina... Um... Don't say it! Starts with a "j." Jonas. That's it. Jeff: Tarzan, just so i'm clear, you weren't putting me on, you were  struggling. Yeah. Jeff: And had Monica not given you the first letter, we might still be here. Possibly, if you waited that long. [laughs]. Jeff: Well, after 14 days, somebody is about to be voted out. It is time to vote. Jonas, you're up. Jonas, you're up. Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now would be  the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Tarzan. Two votes Tarzan. Monica. Two votes Tarzan; one vote Monica. Monica. Two votes Tarzan; two votes Monica. Monica. That's three votes Monica, two votes Tarzan. Fifth person voted out of "Survivor: One World." Monica. That's four, that's enough. Bring me your torch. Wow. What the? Monica, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Well, you admit the other tribe is stronger and then you vote out arguably  your strongest member because she was too big of a threat. Interesting strategy on only day 14. See how it plays out. Grab your torches, head back to camp. Good night. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, and ford. Drive one. Captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org Jeff: Next time on  "Survivor"... Run! Jeff: Colton's rage takes aim. You can quit or jump in that fire, which ever is more convenient for you. Jeff: And the game claims another victim. Heart rate is up to 120. I am freaking out. This is worse than what i really thought it was. Jeff: Let's bring it in. I'm extremely disappointed. I came here to win. I chased my husband all over stadiums for 11 years of football and all i was  looking forward to was him coming to the "Survivor" stadium. The dumbest thing that i could have done was trust Colton. I guess i blame myself for being outwitted