<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor":  Drop your buffs because we are switching tribes. Oh, my God. Jeff: In a surprise switch, men versus women was no more if you are blue, you  are a Salani member. If are you orange. You are a Manono member. The battle between the mighty and scrawny was under way. Come on! Jeff: Oh, Monica takes a hard fall! This could do it for salmonella. Salani wins reward! After losing the award challenge, the new Manono tribe was banished to a new  beach where they struggled. I knot on a tribe of people who suck. Jeff: Chelsea, Jay, Troyzan, and Kim quietly formed a majority alliance. But Kim wasn't done yet. She found a hidden immunity idol that she told Chelsea about, cementing their  relationship. I just can't get over how this could not have gone any better for me. Jeff: Go! When the Manono tribe lost a briewftal immunity challenge-- Salani wins  immunity! Colton went to work, targeting moncarks his biggest threat. We're voting out Monica. Monica has to go next. Today you will see the best blindside ever played. Monica's going home tonight. All hail to the queen. Jeff: And at tribe, everyone voted for Monica, except for Christina and she  quickly realized she was out of the loop. Monica, the tribe has spoken. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. With her only ally gone, can Christina hold on? 13 are left. Who will be voted out tonight. I'm freezing to death. I'm sorry, but that was the funniest tribal council i've ever been to. [ laughs ] Monica, wow. Wow. Our first tribal council with the new tribe couldn't have gone any better. We got Monica out. Originally, i had an alliance with the girls, but realized there's no point  in keeping them anyway. They were going to go once we merged. So i would rather just stick with all the guys. I totally did not expect that at all. Well, that's called a blindside. It is what it is, so-- and the thing is, like, no one's going to go off with  you by themselves, Christina. So good luck. You might make an alliance with a hermit crab at this point. I don't really care if Christina knows she's going home next. There's nothing that can save her. She doesn't have an idol and she's got five people gunning for her. The more defeated she is, the easier she will be to get rid of, and at this  point, i still have my idol so i'm going to run this game until i'm all the  way at the final three. Honestly, Christina, you've been this cockroach. Like, you've survived things because of different-- yeah. Things that have happened. I guess so. And while we're on the subject, if by some miraculous miracle, you did make  it to the merge, you're the first one to go. Like, you're gone before any guys. You're gone before any girls. Like the girls have already said, like-- yeah. She's done. I mean, is that not the truth? Yes. It's already done. Shoot, maybe i am an idiot, and that's what it is. You need to move so i can sleep, too. There's tons of room over there. Not where i am. Why don't you scoot over. It's really inconvenient for me to be, like, on the edge. I don't care because you're gonna be gone. I really don't care. You know, Alicia, it's been very difficult working with you. I've been trying so hard to work with you. Why are you talking to me? Because you're a very difficult person to work with. I'm sorry, i'm sleeping right now. Scoot over. Put your hands on my body i'm going to what you can the... Out of you. Don't ever touch me. Scoot over. Don't ever put your hands on me because i'll whack you. Do it. Whack me. Scoot over. I think Alicia is generally not a good person. She has a lack of integrity, and Colton is a jerk, and i'm going to let other  people see that. All gloves are off and i'm ready to fight and i'm going to fight hard. That was a rough night. Did you guys stay warm by the fire? It's cold in the shelter, man. It is. Good morning. Coffee? I died last night. Alicia killed me in my dream at the mall. At the mall. Yeah. I had a dream that i was in the mall shopping for clothes, and Alicia killed  me in my dream. Maybe that's a sign. Maybe it's not. I don't know, but i really hope she doesn't kill me so that was very scary  for me. Tree mail. Tree mail coming. Ya! What have we got, huh? Here we go. "if you were still a kid, you'd play in this in your backyard, and if  you're stafferring story of for something sweet i bet you'd play real  hard." oh, my God. What do you play in your backyard. Tag, dodge ball. Dodge ball. That would be fun. We got tree mail today for something sweet. So this could be chocolate cake, it could be a banana split. I don't know, but we're comfort. What the heck is the game? Well, there's basketball, dodge ball, baseball, croquette. I think it's got to be tag or something. Spin the bottle. Hop scotch? Hop scotch. Something sweet. You know, the other team is just a bunch of misfits. They're a goofy, goony clan. I'm trying to play it down a little bit, but we're kicking their ass. I mean, bottom line. I'm excited. Me, too. And we get to see who they voted out. Jeff: Come on in, guys! Salani getting your first look at the new Manono tribe. Monica voted out at the last tribal council. Wow. They got rid of her. Monica was voted out and that just goes to show they're going to pick the  girls off one by one by one on the other tribe. By the time we get to the merge, we're going to be in the minority so we're  kind of fighting an uphill battle. Jeff: You guys ready to get to today's reward challenge? Yes! Yes! Is there one at a time you will race to the top of a stack of crates. You will throw a coconut, bouncing it off a trampoline, attempting to hit a  target. Then you race back, and the next person goes. First tribe to knock out all five of their targets wins reward. Want to know what you're playing for? Yes! Jeff: On a hot day, what could be better than ice cream. [ applause ] oh! Jeff: The winning tribe will be taken to a "Survivor-"styled ice  cream parlor where you will have an array of ice cream flavors. You can make sun district sundae, you can make floats, you can eat ice cream  until your stomach hurts. Please, please, please, please. Jeff: Salani you have one extra member, sitting somebody out. Who is it going to be? Sabrina, take a spot on the bench. Everybody else, i'll give you a minute to strategize and we'll get started. All right, here we go for an afternoon full of ice cream, Survivors ready? Go. Jay and Colton up first for his tribe. Jay with a nice toss just misses. A bit of a learning curve, like most of these challenges. You'll figure it out. Come on, Kat. Throw it hard. Jeff: Kat going to take a shot for Salani. Doesn't even hit the trampoline. Alicia throws it like a little kid. You're going to have to really throw these things if you want to hit these  targets. Troyzan now up for Salani. Just misses. As hard as possible, christine. Jeff: Christina just misses. Throw it hard. Throw it hard. Throw it hard. You have to hit it harder. Run! Come on, Jonas. Jeff: Chelsea takes her time with a two-happenedded toss and just misses. Come on, Jonas. Jeff: Jonas just short. No luck yet in this challenge. Kim going to give it a go for Salani. Kim not messing around. A big toss and she connects. Salani has one. Come on, Tarzan. Come on, Tarzan. Jeff: Tarzan, it's an adventure for him just to get to the top of the crates. Come on, mike. Jeff: Michael just misses. Tarzan with a big left. And Tarzan connects for Manono. We are tied 1-1. Jeff: Leif going to give it a go for Manono. Come on, Leif, you can do it! Jeff: Leif takes his time and it pays off. Manono leads 2-1. There are five targets. Colton throws it right back at himself. Jeff: Cat just misses last time Alicia had no pluck. Once again, way short. My nephew could throw it further than that. Come on, Chelsea. Jeff: Chelsea with a two-handed toss, and she connects. Come on, come on! Jeff: We are tied 2-2. Come on, christine. Jeff: Christina short. Run back, run back, baby, run, run. Run! Stupid idiot! Come on, Kim. Jeff: Kim has already scored one. Can she score a second? No. Hustle back. Hustle back. Jeff: Jonas with a big toss but he's short. What! Jeff: Jay leaps to the top of those craits. You got it, Jay. Jeff: Jay scores for Salani. Salani has three. Manono two. Come on, Tarzan! Jeff: Tarzan struggling to get to the top. Come on, Tarzan. Jeff: Tarzan could tie it up. Tarzan scores for Manono. Come on! Jeff: It is 3-3 now. Come on, Leif, run. Jeff: Let's go, Leif. Everything you got, buddy. Just misses by an inch. Come on, Kat, chuck it hard. Jeff: Kat scores for Salani. Salani leads 4-3. Ice cream on the line. Colton, think about it, and launches. Jeff: Chelsea with a shot to win it for her tribe. No, it bounces right back. Alicia, think about what you're doing. And throw this thing. Come on, Alicia, hard, hard. Oh! Jeff: Alicia, pathetic. Harder. Jeff: Kim. Aim it, baby, aim it. Jeff: A big toss, just misses off the edge. Jonas short. Buries his face in his hands. A wasted opportunity. Hit it hard, mike. Jeff: Michael with a nice toss but short. We are 4-3. Manono, you're still in it. Christina needs to get Manono on the board. Christina, way short. You're going to have to throw it, Manono! Come on, come on, come on. Jeff: Troyzan could win it right here. And he does! Salani wins ice cream reward! [ cheers ] this is our island! Snap, crackle, pop, that was bomb. Jeff: Salani, congratulations. Thank you. Thank you. Jeff: You will leave here and be taken to a "Survivor-"staten  island ice cream parlor. Oh, my God! Jeff: Well earned. Enjoy it. Grab your stuff. Head out. Have a good afternoon. Manono, got nothing for you. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. Christina was just gradually going through the challenge. It ticks me off, you know. I'm just so ready for Christina to be gone. You can quit or kuwait and go home in two days or you can jump in the fire  and be medevaced, whichever is more convenient for you. She drives me insane. I hate her voice, i hate her vase face. I hate everything about her. I smell ice cream. Aahhh! This is crazy! All right, guys! Oh, there is a qod! This is so exciting! Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Come on, girls. Place an order. All right, so-- i'll go first. Can i have vanilla and chocolate ice cream with every single topping on a  cone? We show up at this little ice cream shack right on the beach and you know  it's all you can eat. You've got all kinds of flavors. You can get all the toppings you want. We know we're just going to be a bunch of gluttons running around. What do we have here? This is the coolest ice cream shack i have ever seen. Chocolate and mint chocolate chip, please. Oh! Will you stick a cone on top of it? So we come walking up the beach, and we see the ice cream parlor, and  honestly, it feels so surreal. It's so nice to eat something beside rice and coconut. It's awesome. I love you. What else you got back there? I want to get every single ice cream flavor. This is the one time i'm going to go all out. This is unbelievable. This is amazing. Oh no! I got it, i got it, i got it! I'm going to get a cone on top of mine, too. I want to say, too, that was three wins in a row. Our moral is so high it's going to carry us to immunity. Can somebody pinch me? Is ashton kutcher going to punk me right now. Oh, my gosh, that is so good. Oh, my God! I haven't hadsody in forever! It's delicious. Just eating from a spoon is like-- yeah, no more bamboo sticks. Just to get away from the camp,un, just to the break the monotony of every  day getting wood and fire and water and all that crap. It just reenjietzed us. We know what winning feels like and what reward feels like and we want to  keep doing it. Oh, my God! Day 15, ice cream sundae. I will never forget day 15, never. The Manono tribe will never understand what this means [ burb [. Oh, nasty. Awwguys we were so close. You should say, "thanks Christina for giving it all you got. We really appreciate it. You have two more days. You have two options. You have three. You can enjoy your last two days. You can quit, or you can jump in that fire. Whichever is more convenient for you. Right now, no one likes me. I'm the cockroach of "Survivor" but my parents didn't raise me to  be a quitter, so i'm not going to quit. Good chance you talk to me for a couple of minutes? All right, where do you want to go. Update. I'm going, too. Okay. Colton and Alicia are kind of interesting in the sense that they have to,  like, get personal and be like, "nobody likes you." you know what i  mean. It's not enough that they have the power to vote them off. They kind of just want to get, like, one last twist of the knife in and just  like unh! When you guys have a chance i'd like to talk to you about strategy. I know you guys are thinking like it's probably going to be me next. Well, heerms the thing. Alicia already has an alliance with the four girls over there. And if you guys want to win the game, if you vote Alicia out, i'm not part of  that alliance, obviously. Yeah. So, i know i'm going to go, regardless. So i'm just tell you strategy if you guys want to keep the guys strong  because if there's a merge, Alicia will go with karen, Chelsea, Sabrina, and Kat. As you know, it's a numbers game. So that's just something i upon want to throw out there and let you know,  something to think about. It's possible what Christina is saying is really true because i don't have a  whole lot of detail on Alicia. That's my issue. I don't-- i don't know her status with the women on the other side. Which is a huge red flag. So that's it. That's all i wanted to say as far as things goes and everything. So. I figured i had nothing to lose right now, it's either me or he her. And that's it. That's the bottom line. Perfect. I've been standing hereto whole time. That's fine. Game over, girl. Game over. You cannot play this game. You suck at it. You're digging yourself in a bigger grave. I already know i am, so i might as well say what's out there, what the facts  are. Then be a woman about it and say it in front of me. Don't whisper it, okay? Well, facts are facts. And i'm just letting them know. Facts are facts? What facts? All you ever talk is lies. All you ever talk about it is lies. No, it's not lies. You have an alliance with the girls. I don't have a standing there. It's a numbers game. The guys want to be ahead and that's how it is. You don't know what i have. You don't even know how to play this game. But i do-- you're going up to them talking smack, like, really? I'm not talk, smack. It's whacked. You look crazy. Christina is for one telling a partial truth. I do have an alliance with the girls, which Jonas doesn't need to know. So, yeah, i'm going to give her a hard time. It's just too much paranoia for me and i can't handle that. I need to be in control so that's why she's going. I'm just stating the facts. I'm done, Christina. Done, Christina, done with you. He said his brain hurts. I just never had a headache that, like, my head, like-- where is your canteen? You need to drink some water. I gave him some water. He might have a tension headache. It scared me when i woke up, i thought my brain-- like literally my brain-- i  was sleeping, and i woke up and i just felt like literally it felt like my  brain had, like, attachedded to my skull. Like i thought my brain was swollen. And i got this pain and it was like somebody had a knife cutting from my  bellybutton over to my right side. You know you haven't been eating. It's a stressful environment. This is, like, the first time you've been away from home, ever, right, from  anyone? It's tough. Colton has a tension headache, and his stomach hurts, and if someone is sick  and needs help, i'm going to be there for them, you know? I think this is actually coming to my advantage, too, as far as strategy goes  because Colton will realize that i am actually a good person and i'm not this  bad person that Alicia portrays me to be. Just close your eyes and just relax. I literally thought i was about to die. Christina just kind of stepped in and took on this motherly role and tried to  massage out whatever was going on. And of course Christina's going to do that because she's trying to save  herself. She will literally do whatever she has to, to stay in the game. You're doing really good, Colton. Everything's going to be okay. Can you work with me, bro? Yeah. Are you ready? Yeah. Oh, yeah, we're almost there, bro. Come on! Whoa! Ahhh! Victory! We have the coveted fruit. Isn't that beautiful? Let me see your tongue. Yeah, you're dehydrated. That's one of the easiest ways to see that. You better just force yourself to drink water. Because the next thing happens, you get fast heartbeat, tachycardia, fever,  headache, kidney failure. So go ahead and drink some more water, okay? Colton told us that he was dehydrated, he had abdominal pain, and that he had  a headache. He sensed something was wrong and i know the signs of appendicitis and  gallbladder and bowel obstruction. I know all those signs and symptoms. What's going on, man? You look like you need a nap or something. Maybe a coconut water enema. You have to assume it's an early appendicitis or a more advanced appendicitis. Or it could be totalliy benign. Gas, for instance. I'll get my canteen. I'm actually severely dehydrated. Like, my pee is brown and, you know, i'm dizzy and i don't know. I don't know if i'm to the point where i'm so far gone and there's no coming  back or what's going on. It hurts. I walked off because i thought i have to go to the bathroom, i can't hold  anything down. I don't know. I don't know what it is. Like, it's just been like this intense pain, and it literally feels like  somebody's got a knife in my side. That's the only way i know how to describe it, is just like a knife. I'm dying. Like, i am literally about to die. I see Colton on the ground, and i am freaking out, thinking, oh, my God. This is worse than what i really thought it was. I knew he was in pain, but i didn't know how much in severe pain he was. And seeing him on the ground crying was an indicator to me that he needs  medical need immediately. Hi, Colton. It's Jeff with the medical team. Hey, Colton. Jeff: How you feeling? Not good, huh. What's been happening? I've been having, like, pain for a few days, and i thought, like, oh, i move  the just have to go to the bathroom. But, like, today, like i walked off because i didn't want anybody to see me  because i didn't want them ton i was sick, and then it just got worse and  worse and worse and worse. I tried to drink water, and i just started puking. Like, i don't know what's going on. Okay. Jeff: Ramona, what are you trying to determine with the questions? Well, at the moment, i just want to determine what in his stomach is causing  the pain, where it is, how long. And just find out if it's something really serious. If you can, put your hands down by your side. All right what i'm going to do, i'm just going to warn you, okay. Okay. It's going to take five seconds. I'm going to press in, and then i'm going to let go suddenly. I want you to tell me if the pain's worse when i press in or when i let go. Okay? It's going to be painful. Here we go. I'm going to press in. God. And i'm going to let go. When you pressed in. His heart rate is 105. Okay. Just relax. You want to put your knees back up? Jeff: So Colton it's the pain that just increased? So the heart rate went up? It's up to 120 sooon indicative of severe pain. Jeff: How much did it go up? Doubled. Jeff: His heart rate doubled and you were doing the lightest of touch. Lightest touch. So appendicitis is a very likely diagnosis here, given all the symptoms. Jeff: Colton, the minute she mentioned appendicitis, you started getting  emotional. I just don't want to leave. Jeff: First of all, let's get it official. So, ramona, officially, you've ruled out constipation. It's been several days. He's got severe pain. We've watched his heartrate double when you were touching him. Can you diagnose appendicitis or can you just diagnose it might be? It's too risky to not take him out and investigate it, because it can burst. Jeff: What you're saying is we have to take him in. You have to be able to do the tests you need to determine, and, Colton, that  means if we have to take you out and take you to a hospital, you have to be  out of the game. No, Jeff, please, don't, please, Jeff. I just want to prove that i can do this. I guess i've done my best. I just wish i could have done more. Jeff: You still have the idol? Yes. Jeff: What are you going to do with it? Oh, my God. Can i give it to somebody? Jeff: That's your choice. I can't believe this. Jeff: We're going to bring tribe over to say good-bye. Guys, right on in here. They think i have appendicitis. Appendicitis? It just keeps getting worse and worse. Does it really hurt really bad? Yeah. Colton and i always talked strategy 24/7. That's all we ever talked about. We planned and we planned and we planned. And if Colton is out of the game, i don't know about everybody else, but that  puts me in a really bad spot. I mean, call me a bad person, but all i kept thinking was strategy the whole  time. Jeff: So the result is, that Colton is being pulled from the game. Oh! Okay. I'm sorry. Don't be sorry. I'm sorry. Great job, bro. Don't be sorry. You did great. Great job. He is the biggest "Survivor" fan, ever. Jeff: Jonas, you're really upset. Yeah, i know, i mean, like, it's just-- it just kills me-- i'm just putting  myself in his position and if i was him i'd be just heartbroken,un. Jeff: Are there any last words before we officially pull you from this game? Go get them. I mean, y'all know what y'all are up against. And y'all know an idol is out of play. Tell Sabrina thanks for the souvenir. I'll let her know. You know what, Colton is a spoiled brat. He's going to keep the immunity idol for a souvenir, even though he knows he  screwed me, like, the biggest. Jeff: All right, we've got a stretcher coming in, okay? Let's bring it in. I voted off Monica. If Monica was here, the girls would have had the numbers, and i wouldn't be  in this position. So, you know, what, screw him? But at this point it's in your best interest to go because you have a long  trip to get to the hospital. You're so strong. Ready? One, two, three. The original plan when Colton was here to get rid of Christina first. But i feel like now that i have a little more power in the game, it would be  wiser for me to vote off Alicia, because Alicia's got more ties with the girls. It's very dangerous to have Alicia in the game. So Colton leaving is a huge game changer. Take care, buddy! I do believe if there was a karma, Colton got some karma right back at him. [ laughs ] [ laughs ] tree mail! Yeah! Whoo! You ready? Take a deep breath. All right. All right. Okay. "the game continues on, so don't give up the fight. You haven't won. You haven't lost, but you will go to tribal tonight." wow. Tree mail said that both tribes are going to tribal council, and i don't have  any fingernails right now. Like, all the dirt is in my mouth and it was nutritious but it was disgusting. I'm really nervous about it. So you haven't won yet. I don't think there's a challenge. Tribal's a challenge. Tribal's a a headache. Is it a challenge? . I don't think so. It continues on. It's kind of neutral right now. What if everybody goes and everybody picks one person. You could choose your tribe or the other tribe. It is one world. Everybody puts a vote in for the one person they want to go home. There's a lot of speculation. Our tribe likes to run on and and and develop these fantasy themes what's  going to happen. I don't know. Would it be possible for them to vote somebody off on our tribe? You never know. We're guessing that's what you can do. I don't like this. It just got deep. Right? The game continues on, so don't give up the fight. You haven't won, you haven't lost. But you will go to tribal tonight. Oh, snap! Oh! Wow. We're going to tribal tonight. We still have to go to tribal. I really think we're just going to talk about Colton and that's it. However, just in case, we need to vote someone out, i might be the first to  go. Will you be my friend? I would be your friend. I'll be your dad and my wife can be your mama. Do you like me? No. Why? Are you mad at me because i voted for you? No. I would say that you're a wonderful girl who will be very successful. But you wouldn't be my friend. Understandable. He would be my friend. Jonas would be my friend. But i do respect you, Katrina. Christina. Right. I already committed to you guys so i'm letting you know that i'm giving 100%. The vote is going to you guys. So-- right on. I'm sticking to the plan. All right. The plan as it stand right now, Christina, miefl, Leif, are planning on  voting off Alicia. But the thing is, Tarzan is not on board with that plan, but i don't really  care. Because i'm ready to take the bull by the horns and make myself the ring  leader. I have a better chance with you guys, anyway. If you ever find me a threat, vote me off. I'm just letting you know straight up. Okay? I appreciate that. It sounds like a plan. Sounds like a plan. Hey, listen. Yeah. Christina is very, i call it psychophonic. She suction up. She says just the right thing to try to get people to go with her, you know  what i'm saying. She's kind of dangerous. That's how i kind of feel-- you sense that already? With Alicia. No, it's not so with Alicia, honest. It isn't so with Alicia, not at all. I don't know, Tarzan. No, no, no, i promise you. If we have to vote, please do Christina, will you? Because i will. She will, and if you will. Come on. Leif, please. I'm definitely stuck in between two hard places. On one side Tarzan wants to vote off christine, but on the other side, Jonas  wants to vote Alicia off. So i'm really stuck right now. I'm kind of pissed about the whole idol thing. Colton should have given it to somebody. I was hoping that he was going to give it to me. Being that now i'm stuck with Christina and the guys. Lord knows u, i need it. Lord knows u, i need it. Jeff: We'll now bring in the Manono tribe. Where's Colton? Jeff: All right, let me catch you up on why everybody is here tonight at  tribal council. Colton was medically evacuated from the game yesterday. He was in a lot of pain. As much as he wanted to stay in the game, after examination by our doctors,  they concluded it was acute appendicitis. He had to be flown to a hospital to have surgery. Oh, my God. Crazy. What is that? Right here. Oh. Jeff: It's very painful. Jeff, i've had my taken out. It's a lot of pain. I was about 15, and it hurts. It hurts. Jeff: Troyzan, how does this change the game? Geez, i don't even know where to start. You know, i feel sad for Colton, because i know how much he loves this game. I mean, that's my reaction. I'm sad. Jeff: And yet, Kim, another person out of the game, and it's not you. Yeah, absolutely. Another person gone is another person gone. Jeff: Is it hard to say that? Yeah, i mean, i've had my appendix out, too, and it hurts like hell so i do  feel sad for Colton. He was so excited to be here. Can i say something on Colton's behalf? Jeff: Sure. Sabrina, he said thank you for the souvenir. He did not give anybody the immunity idol. He took it with him. So... Jeff: So, Sabrina, the fact that she mentioned the idol specifically,  do you believe that, or does it raise some suspicion? My gut, i believe it. He was really excited to get it. I don't think he wanted anyone to play it but himself. So uuhm-- seems like even if he didn't give it away they would want to keep a  secret so i don't think i believe it. I think somebody has got it. Jeff: Jonas was this a tribal decision to come in and tell them these certain  things? I can't reveal that information, Jeff. Jeff: Wow, Jay, the plot thickens. You know. Who do you believe? [ laughter ] she is so full of it. Look at her laughing. Look at the smile on her face. I don't buy that at all. Not even close. In fairness to Alicia, he did tell her, to tell them, what she did. So she's doing what he told her to do. Jeff: Maybe. Maybe. Jeff: Kat, wouldn't be the first time in "Survivor" that somebody  lied. Touche. Definitely. You know, it's all suspicion. I mean, they could possibly have it. They could not. I don't know. I'm kind of more worried about the appendix thing and how do the not get mine  hurt. Everyone else has got theirs out. But it's going to be interesting to see what happens. Jeff: So leave it to Colton, who even though he's medically evacuated, still  leaves an imprint on the game. And the game is about to get complicated one more time. You can drop your buffs. We are merged. Merged? Whooo! Jeff: Here you go. Take a buff and pass it around. Put it on. Black. Unbelievable. Wow. Jeff: Are you now one tribe. 12 people fighting for a million bucks. So, Troyzan, first you find out Colton's out of the game. Then you hear there may be an idol. And now you find out it is an individual game right now. I'm actually counting numbers now, numbers of people. And where they're going. And who is with who and who is not? So there's one, two, three, four, five, six, girls,un. Jeff: We're back where we started. Six men, six women. Yeah, erchl has their own agenda. Jeff: Kim, lots of eyeballs darting back and forth. Am i that obvious? Jeff: Not just you, everybody. Yeah, i think everybody's trying to feel out the people they were previously  on a tribe with, are the women together? Are the men together? Is Salani together? Is Manono together? Is this going to be really interesting? Jeff: Does this excite you or make you nervous? I'm excited. I'm nervous, too, but in an excited way. Jeff: Tarzan what, is going on in your mind right now about how the game is  changing? I have to say the game is afoot. Jeff: On that note, here's how it's going to work. You're going to merge on the beach where you all started. Any items from Manono will be waiting for you. You guys have lasted 17 days. Take a moment to celebrate. Then get your head back in this game. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night. Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode. Jeff: Next time on "Survivor." alliances are shattered. When did it change and why am i the last guy to know? Platform, you are such a confused -- two days ago i told that you plan. Stop interrupting me. Jeff: And Tarzan walks alone. I'm dropping my allegiance with you guys. I'm out of it when i say something, i don't go back on it. Good luck. I think what's so hard about it is i'm so used to getting my way and, like,  this has not gone my way at all. I had a plan coming into this game from day one to day 39. I knew what i had to do and i was going to do it and this has thrown a wrench  in everything. That's the hardest part for me. I program you i could run this captioning brought to you by Survivor  productions, cbs