<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor."  we are switching tribes. Oh, my God! Jeff: After an unexpected switch, an even battle between men and women turned  into a lopsided affair. It's like greek Gods versus peasants. Jeff: Salani drew all the strength leaving Manono as the clear underdogs. I got on a tribe with people who suck! Jeff: Salani wins reward! [cheers and applause] Salani wins immunity! The new Salani were seven strong and they dominated every challenge. Salani wins ice cream reward! We're kicking their ass. I mean, bottom line. At Manono, losing was taking a toll on the tribe but for Colton it was  business as usual. You can quit or you can jump in that fire, which ever is more convenient for  you. I'm running this entire show right now. If you can't see that you are helen keller. Jeff: Then a sudden illness put a stop to Colton's plans. But even a medical evacuation couldn't stop Colton from influencing the game. He's going to keep the immunity idol for a souvenir. Call me a bad person but all i kept thinking was strategy the whole time. Jeff: Colton's departure sent both tribes to tribal council where they  reunited at an unexpected merge. You can drop your buffs, we merged. The game has come full circle and we are even. Grab your torches head back to camp. Six men and six women. 12 are left. Who will be voted out tonight? Food! Oh, my God, there's cheese! This seems like "Survivor" to me now. It's a merge, it's me against 11 people. That's what i wanted, that's what i've been waiting for so bring it on. Oh! Would anybody like my sip? I don't drink. You can have mine. I knew the merge was coming. I'm sure Christina... I don't think she'll be in the game much longer. It's crazy right now. That should have been Christina going home and not Colton. By Colton leaving, he screwed me over, especially fact that he didn't give me  his immunity idol so i have to start all over again. Maybe i'll go back to my home girls and continue the girl power run and  really wipe the guys out. The back stabbing is going to begin. we need to think of a new tribe name. Yeah. Well Tikiano. Tiki is God andano is year. Is that breakfast? Coconut? Yeah. Today for breakfast we have a young coconut lightly caramelized. Always taste the first serving for your client. At the end we're going to hit it with sea water so basically we're trying to  manipulate the flavor of the coconut into the flavor of a potato chip. That. That's awesome. Jonas, i'm excited to have you here. Thank you. Coffee time? Yup. How many's going on the first, shower in. If i'm drinking it i only need one scoop. Tarzan, this is for the people that want it. I want it. You didn't win this. Oh, you're right. Sorry. You're right. I just thought it was a general one of the 12 people that might want it. Nobody expected a 12-man merge. It was like, oh, here we are again. One big happy family all together. And first thing i'm thinking is, oh, man i have to live with Tarzan again. All these people you don't want to live with anymore and now they're back in  the same tribe and it's just like oh. Last drop, anybody? Even though it is a one-man game right now, i think Salani's people are  viewing this as a chance to vote everybody else out of the old Manono tribe  because we have the numbers. Oh, this is going to hurt my mouth. When's the last time you had coffee, Tarzan? Long enough that i'm no longer addicted. You're going to drink some though, righting? No, you guys won it, it's your coffee. I was hoping that the guys would be solid against the girls but now this  morning i fret it ain't so. Can i be part of the team? Who's the team? Me, Jay bird, troy. Leif, Jonas? Right. Six guys; six girls. Right. But we have a girl that will defect. Alicia, she's been Colton's little girl. Right. We're one tribe now, there's been a huge merge. The Manono tribe are outnumbered by two. Tarzan he is trying to get the guys to stick together. He feels that if the guys stick together and use Alicia that the guys will be  there at the end. You've been with us all along, mike, so i'm just hoping you stay with us. Are you in? Yeah. Guys were better together. Right. You okay? Yeah. You sure if. Yeah. I don't trust any of those guys and like any of those guys but i told Tarzan  i'm in but i'm not with Tarzan. Tarzan drives me crazy. Jeff: Come on in, guys! Guys ready to get to today's reward challenge? Yes. Jeff: For today's challenge only you are going to be divided back into two  tribes. On my go, one member of each tribe will race through a series of obstacles. They'll dig up a bag of puzzle pieces and race back. Then the next person goes. Once you've collected all four bags the two remaining tribe members will use  those pieces to solve a puzzle. First tribe to get it right wins reward. You want to know what you're playing for? Yes. Jeff: The winning tribe will enjoy an afternoon of pizza and cold beer. Oh, many i God! Are you kidding? Jeff: Plus a secret note. We're going to randomly divide into tribes and we'll get started. All right, here we go. We have our two tribes for this challenge only. Alicia, Jay, Sabrina, Chelsea, Christina and Troyzan battling against Leif, Kat,  Michael, Kim, Jonas and Tarzan. For pizza and beer a secret note. Survivors ready? Go! Go, Jay, go Jay! Jeff: Jay and Leif the first two got to do some digging. One tribe sent their biggest and strongest guy to dig the hole. The other tribe sent their smallest guy. Don't let the little guy beat you! Go! Jeff: Jay is already trying to squeeze under. Good job! Jeff: Jay is through! Leif now going face first. That's right! Get the beer. Jeff: Leif is stuck. Leif is like a turtle birthing out of the sand. Jay digging for that first bag of puzzle pieces. Blue tribe sent the smallest guy out and it may be backfiring now. Keep going hard! Everything you got! Jeff: Jay has the first bag of puzzle pieces. Huge lead right now for the orange tribe. Way to go, Jay! Way to go, Jay! Jeff: Leif wiggling through there inch by inch. Leif is out now! He's got some time to make up. Go, go! Jeff: Chelsea now on the course for the orange tribe. Leif now starts digging for his first bag. Leif keep going, dig, dig. Jeff: Leif has the first bag for the blue tribe. He's heading back! Chelsea has the second bag for the orange tribe. On your back! Come on, Leif! On your back! Jeff: Leif goes under on his back this time. Much easier. Leif is exhausted. Come on, Chelsea. Jeff: Kim out on the course for the blue tribe. Chelsea's through with the second bag. Alicia heading out now for the orange tribe. Kim is now stuck just like Leif! That shoal not big enough. There you go. You got it. You got it. Jeff: Kim is free now. Alicia starts work on the third bag of puzzle pieces. Kim now working on the second bag. There are four bags total. Alicia has the third bag for the orange tribe. Kim still working on the second bag. Let's go! Good job. Jeff: Kim has the second bag for the blue tribe. Sabrina now out on the course. Come on, Kim! Keep pushing. You're getting it! Jeff: Kim is back with the second bag of puzzle pieces. Kat is now out on the course. Sabrina is stuck! Let's go! Come on! Jeff: Kat flies through the first obstacle. Kat could make up some time for the blue tribe. Go Kat, go! Jeff: Sabrina is free now. Dig, Kat! Dig, dig! Jeff: Sabrina looking at that fourth and final bag. Kat working on the third bag for the blue tribe. Jeff: Nice job, Sabrina, that's a lot of sand! Jeff: Kat has the third bag for the blue tribe. She's heading back. Michael the biggest guy now has to make his way under this. Blue tribe seems to have done it backwards. Michael is through the first obstacle. Michael needs to make up some time right now. Sabrina has lost a lot of the lead. The orange tribe had. Dig that sand! Dig it! You got it! Sabrina, you got it, yes! Jeff: Spwraoe spha has the fourth bag for the orange tribe. Michael that has fourth bag for the blue tribe. We've got a race going. Give it everything you got! Let's go, mike! Jeff: Sabrina trying to pull herself under that last obstacle. Michael has gained on her. Michael has made up all the time the blue tribe has lost for this entire  challenge. Sabrina is through. Michael is through very quickly. Start working on the puzzle. Whatever lead the orange tribe had was lost in that final round and we are  now neck in neck Tarzan and Jonas working on the puzzle for the blue tribe. Troyzan and Christina for the orange tribe. This is it. Feel free to start working, Tarzan. I am. Jeff: Communication will be key in working together on this puzzle. You're right. Jeff: Pieces are all very similar. Beautiful! Jeff: Everybody can taste that pizza. They can imagine the cold beer. Troyzan and Christina working together very well. Tarzan and Jonas now starting to pull ahead for the blue tribe. Christina and Troyzan, whatever momentum they had is evaporating. There it is. Jeff: Tarzan with a piece now. I got a few pieces, come on. Tarzan, quit talking, dude. Jeff: We are very close right now. Either tribe could win this challenge. It's coming down the last couple of pieces! Both tribes down three pieces. Pizza, beer on the line. Who wants it? The orange tribe wins reward! [screaming] okay, that's it. Okay. Oh, my God! [screaming] this is my island! Jeff: Nice afternoon awaiting you. Pizza, cold beer as well as this note which you will read after you finished  eating. Grab your stuff, head out. Enjoy the afternoon. Tarzan, Kat, Kim, Michael, Jonas, Leif, got for for you. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. Oh, my God! Oh, my lord! I've been talking about pizza since day one. You guys, everyone did a fantastic effort. To endurance. The challenge we had to do today was a doozy. It was a nail-biter but at the very end we won. This pizza could have been ice cold and i would have tore it up. I don't care. I know good pizza, i've been living in new york for ten years. Anything other than this dry-ass rice we're eating out here and a chicken we  catch every blue moon, it's great so pizza was priceless. They could have brought out fried skunk. [laughter] [belches] oh, my gosh! Rock 'n roll! All right, guys we have this. What does it say? It says "open when you're finished eating before you get back to  camp." all right. "immunity is the only way to guarantee your safety in this game. As part of your reward for winning today's challenge, only you six will know  that there is yet another idol hidden back at camp." the less people  that know about the idol the more likely one of us can find it. So if i were up to me i wouldn't go back to camp and be like "hey, the  letter said there was an idol somewhere." it makes me nervous that the  idol is still out there. My biggest concern is for someone on the Manono tribe to find the idol going  into the next vote. And messing up our numbers. Because we can't have a Salani go home. I wanted that pizza and beer so bad. I got sand every part of my body. You trying to tell us you're going to be pooping sand for the next couple of  days? We need to get stuff together here, you know? Like supplies? Or, like, thoughts? No, just whatever our plan is, you know? I thought Tarzan already established that. What was that? That the guys stick together and Alicia is the swing vote. That's kind of weird that you don't even know what that plan is. Yeah. That's what he was saying but he should probably fill you in with the plan. We didn't have a chance to talk. I'll ask about that later on. Apparently, the bright Tarzan goes and has a secret meeting with mike and  tells him this plan which i'm not even aware of. The guy makes zero sense. He's a lose cannon and does whatever the hell he wants we can't have that. You tell the least reliable guy the plan, does that make sense tow-to-you? Yeah, because we need six guys. You tell him right before the vote, not two days before! If he's playing both sides, what is he going to do? He's going to tell the women and then we're [bleep]ed. This is my point. We need to consult as an alliance before we start blabbing. I thought... When did it change and why am i the last guy to know? Two days ago i told you that plan. Two days ago i told you that plan! Listen to me, i'm not done speaking. You are such a confused [bleep], i'm done talking with you. I'm done talking. You're accusing me of something right now. Don't [bleep]ing interrupt me. Listen to me for a second! Stop [bleep]ing interrupting me. I'm tired of your [bleep]ing [bleep]. And you telling me... I'm not even in the [bleep]ing loop. Well you know what? There's so much confusion i'm going to drop out of the tribe and you guys  continue without me. That's what i'm going to do. I'm dropping my allegiance with you guys because every time i try to tell you  something you contradict med, you don't remember what i say. I'm done with it. What are you fighting about. Misunderstanding. Jonas, let's admit it. I don't like you. Don't talk to me anymore. I'm out of it. All right. Good luck. I'll fall on the sword. I'm perfectly willing to do it. I can only play this game so long before it's irritating. I do not like Jonas. I do not like that guy anymore. When i say something i mean it from my heart and i don't go back on it. Can't look at that face anymore. Everyone always sleeps in and i get up at 4:00 in the morning so i'm going to  find the idol. These knuckle heads aren't going to be awake for another hour. To be awake for another hour. Yes! That's it! [laughs] early bird gets the idol and gets the power. I had my eye on the two big trees close to the beach and i it this jackpot. To find the hidden immunity idol, that's like winning the gold medal. God, i want to, likes, wear it. Troyzan is safe! This could be a million dollars. This is crazy to think about it. This could take me freaking far. Come on in, guys! So is there a new tribe name? Tikiano. Jeff: What's it mean? Well, Tikiano means God and ano means year so it's like year of the God. Jeff: Ready to get to today's immunity challenge? First things first, Christina, i'll take it back. Tribal immunity is no more. Individual immunity is now what you see. With this around your neck at tribal council, you can't be voted out. Once again immunity is back up for grabs. Here's how it works. You will be perched on a small log while balancing a ball on a wooden disk. At regular intervals we will add more balls making it more difficult. If at any point a ball drops or you fall off the perch you're out of the  challenge. Last person left standing wins immoonty, safe from the vote. Losers tribal council, somebody will be going home. We'll draw for spots. We'll get started. All right, let's get started, everybody grab your disk and your first ball. 5-4-3-2-1. Everybody remove your hands. And this challenge is on. Right away a big breeze comes up. And that causes some problems for a few people. Make sure the disk does not hit your body. That is a no-go. Tarzan is first out of this challenge. He falls off the perch. Take a spot on the bench. We're down to 11. Somebody's going to have to work hard to win this challenge. 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Everybody grab your ball. You are safe and moving on to the next round. All right, everybody grab a second ball now. Take your hands off now everybody balancing two balls on their disk. You have to keep concentration keep your focus. Christina's the second person out of this challenge. We are now down to ten people fighting for immunity. Michael with balls hanging on both sides of his disk can't hang in there, Michael  is out of the challenge we're down to nine. Even if you're on the edge, hang in there. Chelsea both balls drop. Chelsea is out of the challenge and right behind her Kim loses is ball. Kim is out of the challenge. Seven people are down. Survive this you move on to the final round. Five, four, three, two, one. Grab your balls, everybody is safe. Third and final round. Everybody release your hand, the challenge is back on. We will now go until there's only one person left. Alicia is quickly out and we are down to six this will not be an easy win. Such a simple little challenge you could do it in your backyard. Only difference, lose this challenge you could be going home tonight. And with that Jay falls off the perch. We are now down to five. Troyzan's balls haven't moved in a long time. [laughs]. Jeff: Get your concentration. Jonas balancing two balls on one edge. One ball on the other edge of his disk. Jonas can't do it. Know skwras is out of the challenge. We're down to four. Big breeze starting to come in. Sabrina out of the challenge and we are down to three. Troyzan, Kat, and Leif. Leif drops a ball, Leif is out of the challenge. His shot at immunity is over. You can see it in his face. We are down to two people left: Troyzan and Kat. Troyzan with a nice recovery Kat still very solid. Troyzan struggling to get it back and he does. No Matter how solid you feel in this game, you do not want to go to tribal  council without immunity. Kat steps off the perch Troyzan wins first individual immunity! My my leg. Jeff: Troyzan, come on over. This is crazy. Jeff: What's crazy about it? You know how long i've waited to feel this thing, man? It's like what the hell is going on right now. And you're touching me, Jeff Probst. It's crazy. Jeff: It's getting better, you're safe tonight at tribal council as well. As for the rest of you, after 20 days will be voted out tonight. You have the afternoon to figure out who it's going to be. Grab your stuff, head back to camp, see you at tribal. Congrats. Great job. Jonas, i thought you might pull it out with your chef skills. Great job, bro. Thanks, buddy. You did good. We're definitely going to have to talk later. I think a lot of people are going to be doing some scrambling action. Yeah. This is like "Survivor" to the ultimate. I mean, i won an immunity today, i have an immunity idol. I've got a group that i feel solid, my old Salani who basically have been  pretty straightforward with me and so whatever they decide to do that's what  i'm going to do. I think it's pretty plain and simple that we stick to Salani or 7-5. Yeah. Just pick off their five strongest to weakest and then we're back at Salani. So, look, we need to figure out who we want off i say Jonas aAlicia. We can ask around, to, but make Jonas the first choice. Okay. It's guys versus girls but the way i see it is we keep it Salani versus Manono  we should take out Manono's strongest people first. I don't think that... Would you guys be cool voting Jonas first? Let's go Jonas first. Jonas is first. I think Jonas is their strongest player right now. Which i hate because he's a great cook. Great positive attitude. Fun to be around. But Jonas i'm thinking is going to be the next to go. Hey, you. Hey, you. No one has come up to me. Come up to me, girlfriend. I just think everyone's thinking Jonas but everybody's like "oh, i hate  to vote Jonas out he's so nice and he cooks good soup." i don't care  whether he makes a great soup. For tonight's vote we want to vote Jonas out since he's the biggest threat  and keep Christina and Alicia around just in case we need a girl's alliance. To get a guy out and particularly one of the new Manono tribe members it  leaves the girls in the majority it leaves my old Salani tribe in the  majority and gives me two great options moving forward. Who do you... Are you looking at right now? Honestly i was thinking Jonas because he's real smart, real capable. I know. A lot of people have been talking about Jonas because they think they feel  he's a big threat and he's the smartest of the guys and i was like, geez, you  guys, are you kidding me? We're going to let this guy go? He feeds us proerbgs sides are for us, why now? . Are you serious, dude? They're talking about he? Uh-huh. They mentioned my name. Yeah, they did. Why would they want to vote me? I have no idea. When you hear your name has come up, you immediately think oh, crap, i'm  going home. Yeah, i'm kind of getting the feeling that i'm out of the loop. It makes no logical sense to me strategically to vote me out i'm, like, the  least threatening guy here. There's mike who's the most dominant person as far as immunity challenges so  they want to keep him around over me and so immediately i go into survival  mode. So i just wanted to throw you this out. I was out of line like completely was acting.. We all get... I was ridiculous and i apologize. You're apologizing? Really. Really. Thank you. We here in a situation like... That brings tears to my eyes, thank you Jonas  and i admittedly are a bad marriage but strangely we respect each other. I was so struck by the personality it took for him to do that that it brought  me to mild tears. It's all right, man. I never cry. Since he's done that i respect him even more so we're back together again and  that made me feel really remarkable. We got four guys here for sure. We're still bondd? Okay. We all vote for Kat. That's the best we can do. That's the best we can do. We'll vote for Kat. She doesn't do much, i know. That's all we got. So we're voting for Kat kind of as a last-minute scramble. I'd rather vote mike out instead but we figured, you know, Kat, she doesn't  pull her weight all a whole lot, she kind of annoys a lot of people so that's  my only hope at this point is i'm voting Kat. Do you have any clothing that needs to be boiled. Just my undies. Excellent. This is not poop, okay, it's dirt. Okay. Okay. All right. But you can see how that looks to me how it could be poop, right? I know. I can't even look in that direction. I swear to God it is not poop. It's chocolate, okay? It's dirt. It's dirt, i swear. So why is there dirt concentrated in one area? Because it's near my butt. I swear, if it's in boiling water you don't have to worry even if it was poop  pants. At least that's what i think. We talked about who we thought should go home next. I wanted to get a good batch of laundry done, get my stuff clean. So i put in the the salt water, scrubbed it really good with sand. I was going to have some clean clothes. It's not poop, it's dirt, i swear. Yeah, but i've already cleaned my own in the ocean. You need to clean them the ocean. These have been cleaned in the ocean. Don't do that. Let me clean them in the ocean first. I know all about microbiology. Let me get my stuff out first. It doesn't make any difference. I have been working about it. Even so the microbes are dead when it boils. It's not that contagious. I'm going to go puke, i'll be right back. You don't want to tend the fire? If it were up to me Tarzan would go home because i'm all about who deserves  to be here. Who has a positive attitude? Who brings everyone up when everyone's down? Who's just a good person to be around? Tarzan doesn't fill any of those empty lines. Jonas works has ass off and feeds all of us. Can we spare him a couple more days? And take Tarzan's ass out. At least we have someone around that's feeding us. Tarzan just pisses everyone off, you know? I understand your thought. Your thought was take out dead weight. I completely hate to see dead weight Alicia, Christina, Tarzan, Leif, i hate  them sitting around camp. But you have to look at it. If you set a plan in place and it gets broken all hell can break loose and  come back to bite you in the butt. Bite you in the butt. Jeff: Sabrina, what's the single-biggest difference now that you're merged  and it is every individual for themselves? It's very chaotic. Everyone's trying to predict where they will stand, who's with who and just  like, okay, it can't be peaceful right now not one someone's head is on the  chopping block. Jeff: Jonas, is it inevitable to be thinking "who do i want to sit next  to at the end and how do i make sure i'm there?" it is critical but you  can be thinking way too far ahead. I had people today say "hey, you're a threat because you're a provider  and you cook." yeah, but you don't vote that guy out first! Not only that, you want to go to immunity challenges against this guy? That's not good strategy. Mike versus me? As you can tell today i didn't really perform that well. You can be great at puzzles, i might suck. I'm not done, bro, i'm not done speaking. I'm proposing to those people that know what i'm talking about i'm voting for  mike tonight. Well, mike, hot seat brother. I disrespect what Jonas just did. I disrespect it deeply. Giving up his principles, throwing mike under the bus. He doesn't have to fight for his life and that's the end of that. I'm not going to say anything else. Jeff: So, Jonas, Tarzan is saying "relax, brother, you're not going home  tonight." i'm not saying that now because he may have thrown himself  over the bus. The fact of the Matter is despite your brilliant plan we do not have the  votes to vote off Kat. What's i do? Tarzan, you can tell me. It's okay. He's lying, Kat, okay? It's getting worse and worse as you go on, Jonas. You did propose that. You want to attack all of us while you're at it? I'm just stating the fact. Jeff, i think we ought to vote Jonas out. He's worried about it, we might as well vote him out. I'm sick of this. Jeff: Why the big reaction? What are we not getting? Jonas has been on my back from day one. He's always undermining me. So you know what? I'm going to go up there and put his name down. I'm telling you what i'm going to do. I'm sick of it, i hope you go home tonight. I'm sick of fighting with you. That's fine. But the bottom line is i'm trying to play the game. You can't blame me for that. Jeff? Jeff: Chelsea? On Jonas' defense, i think more people have had issues and arguments with Tarzan  than they have with Jonas. Jeff: Sabrina you're nodding your head in agreement. I've had a couple run-ins with Tarzan like everyone else i'm sure has but i  have had zero issues with Jonas. Jeff: But... The thing is, Jeff, if you're comparing likability i admit i'm  not as likable as Jonas. I'm awkward outside my environment. Jeff: What is your environment? My environment is a hospital and operating room and i do great in that  environment. You know, you're the captain of the ship in an operating room or somebody  dies. Jeff: So this is a very different world for you because there is no captain  of this ship. You know, i have ideas that i think help people and when they don't see it,  it irritates me. Jeff: So, Kim, it's very interesting what developed here tonight. You have Jonas who everybody says is likable and provides. He stirs the pot and out comes the guy on the end who says "i'm the old  guy, i don't really like this social part of this game...". I didn't say i didn't like the social. I said i'm awkward in it. Jeff: Case in point. Even i can't get it right. That's the beauty of a merge, i think. You know, all of a sudden people like Jonas become a threat and people like Tarzan  become an asset. Jeff: Depend how you look at it. Sure. Jeff: Chelsea, where do you weigh in on this? I just think there's people you want to keep around because they're positive,  they're providers, they help out so much and then there's dead weight. Did you mean me? Maybe. Jeff: So, Tarzan, as this tribal has evolved are you concerned it could be  you tonight? I came here wondering whether allegiances would be maintained and i sense  we've fallen apart. So that makes the whole thing totally mercurial at this point not knowing  which way or how it's going go. I mean, if they want to vote me off that's fine. I'm voting for Jonas tonight because of what he did. Jeff: All right, let's find out how this is going to shake out. You can not vote for Troyzan. Everybody else is fair game. It is. Time to vote. Alicia, you're up. Alicia, you're up. I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want to play it now would be  the time to do so. Once the votes are read the decision is final, the person voted out will be  asked to leave the tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Jonas. Michael. Two votes mike. Jonas. Two votes mike; two votes Jonas. Three votes Jonas. Four votes Jonas, two votes mike. Jonas, that's five votes Jonas, two votes mike. Six votes Jonas. Seventh person voted out and the first member of our jury, Jonas, that's  seven, that's enough. You need to bring me your torch. Tarzan, no hard feelings brother. Hard feelings to you. Okay. Jeff: Jonas, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Hey, good luck with that food situation. [laughs] Jeff: Well, you just voted out somebody who almost everybody agrees  was likable, was a provider and was loyal. And that means nobody is safe. Grab your torches, head back to camp, good night. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, captioned by media  access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org Jeff: Next time on "Survivor."  should we talk about who's next to go? Jay and Troyzan have the jitters. He's a big threat and needs to be taken out a.s.a.p. there's too many girls that could start knocking out these guys. Guys. Jeff: With good reason. We have to decide if we're going to, like, make our move because this is  never going to be the same. I'm not sure how this is about to go down. So i came here to go big or go home and i went big and now i'm going home. [laughs] but you know i gave it all i got and the fact that i got voted out  it kind of sucks but at least... At least they said i was a good fisherman  and a good cook