<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor":  Previously on "Survivor." the game began like any other. It is men versus women. Men versus women, living together on one beach. Even though this is one world, to me it's their tribe versus our tribe. Jeff: Then random switch-- we're switching tribes. Changed everything. Four girls in the five-girl alliance on the new tribe, price will. Jeff: The new Salani stood strong in challenges and united as a tribe. Salani! Jeff: While the misfits of mo monano were at the mercy of Colton. You can quit or jump in that fire, whatever is most convenient for you. Jeff: When Colton was removed because of a medical emergency, the game  changed once again. Leaving 12 Survivors, six men, and six women, to merge. There are a couple of ways they think i can find the majority, one is with my  old tribe, Salani, the other being a potential women's alliance. Jeff: While the women were keeping their options open. Two days ieg told you that plan. Don't [ bleep ] sprupt me. Jeff: The men were at each other's throats. You are such a confused [ bleep ], really, i can't believe you. I'm done talking with you. Jeff: Tarzan also found himself in hot water with the rest of the tribe it's  okay. It's not poop. It's dirt i swear. I'm going to puke. I'll be right back. If it were up to me, Tarzan would go home. Jeff: But at tribal council-- seventh person voted out and the first member  of our jury. It was Jonas who was sent home, leaving the men at a 6-5 numbers disadvantage. Grab your torches and head back to camp. 11 are left. Who will be voted out tonight? You know, i befriended Jonas from the beginning, and i'm bummed because it's  almost like luck of the draw. If Jonas would have been on our team Salani, we would have been golden. Mike would have over there and it wouldn't have been a question. You're right. We got stuck-- playing with knuckleheads. We started out men versus women, but when they did the old tribe switch, me, Jay,  and mike made this pact to stick with the Salani group, which was Chelsea, Kim,  Kat and Sabrina. I just hope we didn't make a mistake. The next decision is easy. I think it needs to be a girl. 100% it has to be a girl. I'm really scared at this point about the girls being together because they  could very easily hook up and they could do damage. Honestly, i don't want to be overpowered by these girls. Oh, no. 7-up, baby. Someone's having a party. You know how good that would taste right now. The uncola 7-up. Have interesting tree mail. You have to guess what it looks like. Oh! Oh, my God! What! 7-up, the uncoal ababy. All right, you guys ready? Yes. Your game may be going downhill quickly. And must surely have your heart racing. When the crisp, clean taste of victory today, and be refreshed from the  stress you're facing. Riding down something. Derby race. That's awesome. We are definitely drinking some of this. I'm gonna love that. I probably wouldn't even breathe if i had a 7-up,. Would just be down in one gulp. I'm excited. For me, this is, like, a necessity. Jeff: Come on in, guys! That's a slide. That looks like it's going to be a big wedgy. Jeff: You guys ready to get to today's reward challenge. Yeah! Jeff: For today's challenge you will be divide dwooided up into two tribes. On my go, one at a time you will race down a giant waterslide, and head out  into the water where you will grab a large puzzle crate and bring it back. Then the next person goes. As more tribenumbers come down the slide, you'll work together to gather the  crates. Once you have all seven up on your platform, you will use those craits to  solve the puzzle. First tribe to get it right wins reward. Want to know what you're playing for? The winning tribe will be taken to a 7-up oasis. Oh, my God! Jeff: Where you will enjoy an afternoon barbecue of burgers. Oh, my God. Steak. Jeff: Steak, key lime, lemon merang pie. To go along with it, as much clean, crisp, refreshing, 7-up as you can drink. That's awesome. &gt;&gt;o mierks God, it's so good. Do we get, like, a little taste? Jeff: I think you need i taste. Yeah. Yeah. Jeff: I think you need ton what you're playing for? For. Exactly. Jeff: One bottle to share. Who wants it first? Me, me, me. Oh, my God! That was so good! Mmm! Wow. Oh, God. Oh, my gosh. Jeff: Worth playing for? Yes. Jeff: We're going to do a school yard pick, divide into tribes. We'll get started. All right, we have our two tribes. Jay, troiz an, Kat, Alicia, and Chelsea taking on Michael, Kim, Sabrina, Christina,  and lee. Tarzan, not picked, gonna sit this one out. Here we go. For an afternoon barbecue at the 7-up oasis. Survivors ready? Go! Jay and mike first down on the slide. Nicely done. Gotta get out and get a crate and get it back. Come on, Jay! Jeff: Once you unclip it, start heading back. Come on, mike! Jeff: Jay has his unclipped. He's headed back. These crates weigh a lot! Gotta get it on the platform. Go! Go, go, go! Troyzan, Troyzan, take it! Glirks. Jeff: Troyzan is down, Michael's back. Go! Kim comes off the slide nicely. Kim and Michael heading out now. Go, Troyzan, go, go, go. Jay and Troyzan have their second crate free, they're heading back. We are very tight right off the bat. Good job, guys. Jeff: Go, cat! Come on, baby. Jeff: Michael and Kim are back. Go, Sabrina! Sabrina flies down the slide. Go, guys! Jeff: Kat still working on the clip. Yeah! Jeff: Kim, Sabrina and Michael have taken over the lead now. Push it! Push it! Jeff: Jay, Troyzan, Kat now fighting back for the lead. We are neck and neck. Two crates left for both tribes. Go! Go! Nice hard hit by Christina. We are still neck and neck. Let's go, guys, let's go! Come on, guys, go! Jeff: Neck and neck now, four crates in. Chelsea, Kat, Troyzan, and Jay with a slight lead. Huge reward on the line. Everybody wants this. Go, Alicia! Come on, Alicia. Oh, my God. Go, go, go, go! Jeff: Go Leif. Leif flies off that slide face-first and he's up and going. Both tribes working on their fifth and final crate. Jay, Kat, Chelsea Alicia and Troyzan in the lead. Christina, Sabrina, Kim, Michael, Leif falling behind. Start working on your puzzle. Go. Christina. What is she doing? &gt;&gt; Jeff: Christina has already gone ahead, not helping at all. Troyzan leading the way for his tribe. You have to get back to that platform before you can start working. Start working on the puzzle. This is it. This is where it is won or lot of, right here. That's it. Move those over here. Jeff: Christina, Michael, Sabrina, Leif and Kim trying to get a plan. Lot of people talking. They look disorged. Go ahead. Take your time. Jeff: Troyzan, Kat, Chelsea, Alicia and Jay, working together very well. Troyzan has a plan. This doesn't go up here. This doesn't match up. He's right. Yeah, that doesn't fit. Right here, move that. Yes! Find this right here, an outside one. Jeff: Troyzan thinks he has something going now. This is it, this is tright here. Jeff: Sabrina certain she's right. Jeff: Christina's tribe starting to get momentum. Are they heading in the right direction. Who cares what they're doing? Move it this way. Jeff: Yellow tribe is getting close. Yes, yes. Jeff: Trying to keep their excitement down. They don't want to give anything away. Sthoo it? Jeff: Both tribes very close to solving it. Put it on the side. I think we've got it. Jeff: Yellow tribe thinks they have it. Yellow tribe is enjoying an afternoon barbecue reward! [ cheers ] we got it! We got it! We got it! Whooooo! We got barbecue! Barbecue! Barbecue! Shut the [ bleep ] up. Barbecue! Jeff: Leif, Christina, Sabrina, Kim, Michael, nice work. How's it feel? Amazing, amazing. My first reward. I'm just ecstatic. I'm so happy. My mouth is just drooling. Jeff: All right, you're going to leave here, be taken to the 7-up oasis. I'm pretty sure you're going to enjoy it. Congratulations. Come get your reward and head out. Thank you. Jeff: Jay, troizan, Kat, Alicia, Chelsea, Tarzan, got nothing for you. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. whooo! When we first got to this amazing, beautiful 7-up oasis, it was just shocking  to see how, seriously, a resort. Oh, my God. There was, like, potato salad, potato chips, pretzels, cole slaw. I would have been just been happy if it was plain steaks, hamburger and hot  dogs and two pies but, hey, the more the merrier. It was amazing. Wow! Lord, we thank you just for allowing us to be here today and now we know what  it feels like to be hungry and so not only a prayer and a tbrais for us but a  prayer and a grace for those all over the world who are starving. Thank you. Would you be offended if i took a bite out of this pie. No. No. I sprayed a little bit of 7-up on the steak. Mmm. Stop moaning. The food is huge. I mean, i never dreamt i would feel so weak so to be able to think through my  options and sit up and have my mind work feels awesome. This, like, the best meal. This is exactly what i wanted. My gosh. You wanna come sit? I can't stop eating this. How far ahead are you thinking? Far. Me, too. What are you thinking? I'd rather just have three really good people there and-- me, you, and Chelsea. Yup. That's what i think, sab. It would piss me off to see somebody like mike up there. Me, too, it has to be all girls. Yeah. You can't beat this. How would you beat this? You know, we have toik make this illusion as if we're still Salani. I say mike. Okay and that puts us six to four. I say we tail troy. Justice say mike is trying to get you out of here get you out of here i was  trying to think through my options, and i thought what makes sense is to take  out mike. The girls are already in the majority, so if we can get a united front and  come together, we could start sending these guys home. I'm going to have to be careful, but if all six girls vote together and just  go for it. We can change the whole game. We can change the whole game. True. Might as well. Might as well. What do you think, troy? I think Christina. I agree. We all know that Christina is actually really, really annoying, however she's  not as big a threat. We take out mike and we are taking out a threat. He needs to be taken out asap. I'm all about threats right now i don't trust these girls. They want to send mike home but i'm going to put that on the back burner  right now. There are too many girls that could hook up and start knocking out these guys. It's almost like a teacher just keeps smacking the student make sure they're  doing the same thing, making sure they're on the same page here. Well, we just gotta decide before tomorrow comes. Hi, guys. Look what we brute you guys? Look what we brought you. Are you joking? It's only soda. We could take as much as we wanted. And it's cold. Have at it. Whooo! I was nervous before the six other guys came back. What are they talking about when they're on reward? You know, are they talking amongst each other or do they have, like, a new  plan? And now that we're back together i really have to keep an eye on those girls. Kat made a suggestion that mike may be the next to go. So i have to make sure that Sabrina, Kim, and Chelsea, want to stick with the  Salani group to the very end. Look how windy it is right now. It's crazy. It's going to get worse probably. Look at those clouds. We've got something moving in really fast. This is miserable. Last night, it was raining and windy and the wall got blown off our shelter. Everything's wet. It's just a big train wreck. So we have to build our shelter up before tonight. Tarzan don't remove any more of this stuff on this side of the wall. We need everything we've got. That was hanging there connected to nothing. I haven't taken any intrinsic parts of this wall off, okay, guys? It sure looked that way. Like the most educate people have no common sense. I know. The wind has never been this bad, and Tarzan took off part of our bamboo wall  to cut for firewood. When there's a whole stack of firewood for the fire. Because somebody cut it and laid it there, okay? I'm not that stupid. It's not part of the wall. Okay? Chelsea, you still thinking it's part of the wall and i stole a piece of wall? I'm over it. You've already cut it up so it's no-- you shouldn't have attitude when it's  just hanging there. I don't mind being accused of stuff when i'm wrong but i don't like being  accused of stuff when i'm right. I'm not even talking about it anymore well, good. When you're around somebody you sense whether you're an irritant to them and  it seems Chelsea's been sort of subliminally harassing me. It was an accusization. You don't like it. Just let it go. And i'm just a person if i believe i've been unfairly maligned, i can't just  take it. I have to say something. And i think i know why she's been unhappy with me. I sense an aggravation with me. And i don't know if it's because you you've had surgery and i'm a plastic  surgeon and you don't like your plastic surgeon or something, but you--  you've been negative towards me since i've come in contact with you. Tarzan took me off to the side and asked me if i didn't like him because i  had a bad experience with my plastic surgeon. I mean, is this guy for real? I can't believe he's talking about my book job. He's just-- he's crazy. Are you sure there isn't a deep-seated thing because there are people who  have had plastic surgery and they hate their surgeon. No, that has nothing to do with anything. It was just so annoying. To me, it's, like, get Tarzan out as fasts possible. But it's a game where you have to think with your head. [ thunder ] if you get that rope over here, i can pull it! Leif, damn it, give me the rope! As much as i can't stand Tarzan, i think at this point it's all about taking  stronger people out who could possibly be a threat. And Tarzan's not a threat at all. So i hate to say it but i'm thinking that he needs to stick around a little  longer. Troy? I just thought you should know that mike is subtly planting the seed in lots  of people's minds that you're going to win and that, like, we can't let you  make it that long, and so i just feel like we've got to get mike out of here  because he's one of the only people i think that could pull in Christina and Alicia  and gets one more of us to vote and you're going home and then we're all  going home. That pisses me off. Troyzan and i went this morning in the rain to get tree mail and i told him  this whole story about hey, yesterday, mike was throwing your name out there. I think we need to take mike out first and then we'll take up on the the  girls. I hate that guy. I'm going to try to-- but let's not tell him because we need him to feel  really sure that he's staying. Right. This morning, i hear that mike wants to [ bleep ] take me out of the game,  and that pitszs me off. He doesn't do jack squat. He's just an idiot. That guy-- rirks ks, me, man. You always work all the angles and attack the challenges with fury. Lose your balance or concentration today and tomorrow you may be on the jury. Mike, i've been worried about since day one, and if mike wants to freaking  vote me out, he's got another thing coming. That guy should have been gone on day one. Jeff: Come on in, guys! You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge? Yeah. Jeff: First things first, Troyzan, i'll take it back. Not for long. Jeff: Thank you, sir. "not for long" he says. Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you will race across a ladder bridge while manuvering  bags of puzzle pieces along the twisting rope. The first four to reach the finish line move on to the final round where you  will use those puzzle pieces to solve a very complicated "Survivor"  puzzle. First one to get it right wins imimmunity, safe tonight at tribal council,  guaranteed a one in continue shot at the million dollars. Losers, tribal council, where somebody will be voted out. We'll draw for spots and we'll get started. All right, here we go. For immunity and a one in 10 shot at the money, Survivors ready? Go! You're working your way across this ladder bridge while you mawfer the bags  of puzzle pieces along the rope. There's only one rule-- you fall off, you go back to the start. Don't panic. We're looking for four people. To move on to the final round. Right out of the gate, Jay is moving quickly. Troyzan doing a nice job, Michael is in it. Kim, Chelsea are in it. Rain starting to come down now right on cue. Jay getting closer to the finish. It is Jay, Troyzan, Michael and Kim fighting for those four spots. Jay is across first. Jay moving on to the finals. Three spots left. Troyzan close. Michael now hung up. He's been at the same spot for a while. Kim very close now. Kim is across. Kim is moving on. We're looking for two more spots. Alicia now in it. Tarzan is in it. Michael and Troyzan have blown a gigantic lead. Opening the door for somebody else to slide through. Troyzan finally figuring it out. Troyzan is through. Yes! Jeff: We have one spot left. Dig, people. Chelsea falls off she's got to go back to the start. Alicia moves on to the final. Yes! Jeff: Jay, Troyzan, Alicia, and Kim moving on. All right, here we go. It is Kim, Alicia, Troyzan, and Jay in the final round. First one to solve this puzzle wins immunity. Survivors ready? Go. First step, you have to open all the bags of pieces. There are 60 pieces to this puzzle. 60 blocks of wood. You have to find the right home for. This is too hard. Jeff: This will be a flat, square puzzle when you are done. Lots of angles to work with on these pieces. It's going to take some time. Alicia very excited. She gets her first piece in. There are a lot of pieces to be placed. You will know if the piece is right because it will line up flat. If it's not flat, it's not ri right. Kim looks to be very close. Alicia very close now. Troyzan is in on it. Jay is dead last at this point. Really taking his time very methodically. I hate puzzles. Jeff: Troyzan and Jay trying to catch up, but keep in mind, the puzzle could  look right until the very last piece, and then you find out something's wrong. Something's wrong. Jeff: So keep working on this, regardless what the person next to you is  doing. There you go, there you go. Jeff: Kim getting closer. What! Jeff: One is not right. Now she's got to get it out, find the right spot. That's opening the door for Troyzan to get back in on this. Jay is suddenly back in this now. He was dead last before. Everybody's in this challenge now. Alicia is getting closer. Does Alicia have it? No. Alicia has a piece sticking up. She's not right. Jay now getting closer. Could Jay pull this huge come-from-behind victory out? Right here. There you go, there you go. Okay, come on, go. There you go. Jeff: Kim getting closer. Good job! Jeff: It's Kim and Jay. Jay places another piece. He's getting closer. Kim down to her last piece. Jay down to his last piece. Kim, no! Out of nowhere, Jay wins immunity! Wow! [ applause ] wow! Slow and steady wins the race, baby. Yup. Amazing. Jeff: Jay, come on over. [ applause ] Jay bird. Jeff: You were dead last for most of that puzzle part of the challenge, out  of the blue, came from behind, immunity is yours. Safe tonight. As for the rest of you, one of you going home tonight. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. I'll see you tonight at tribal congrats. Nice comeback! Yeah. Tonight, i had the immunity necklace around my neck, so i feel safe. I definitely think that since we knocked Jonas off last time, you know, i  think it's just a safe vote to knock off a girl. So we're going to send Christina home. That keeps the old Salani members going strong and sends an old Manono member  home as well as evens out the guys versus the girls. Versus the girls. Right now, i'm straddling to alliances. I have an all-women alliance and i have nigh Salani alliance with troy, jake Jay,  and mike. But now i feel like it's time for the girls to take over this game. I know that Chelsea and the girls will be on board with that, and troirk he's  blinded by his dislike of mike. So i'm using troy to send mike home tonight. I didn't talk to Jay did, you? I didn't talk to anyone. I'm sure he's fine with it. My concern is if Jay find out what's really going on because if Jay gets  suspicious and gets to troy and troy gets nervous that could be trouble. I still have to keep my options open, and who knows? I may need those guys for another vote or two. Jay. What do you think about getting rid of mike tonight? To be honest, i'm scared of y'all girls. If y'all get rid of him, y'all get rid of me next. That's not necessarily true. Not necessarily true. That's real promising. Anybody got any input while i'm sitting here? Or are we gonna scramble one on one and do this? I was sitting in the shelter and Chelsea looked at me and asked if i was  going to send mike home and it just really shocked me that she would say this  in front of Alicia and Christina. You're supposed to be part of my alliance and you're talking like this in  front of two other people. I don't like that plan. I have to be careful with these girls because fidon't go along with them and they  vote out mike, they might very well come after me. Jay was like, "i don't trust that because that means i could be the next  to go and y'all are going to have an all-girls thing going on." that's  what i thought. Apparently, Chelsea literally sat there in the shelter in front of the two  girls that are not supposed to be a part of our alliance and asked Jay to  vote for mike. That's asinine. We need to keep troy and Jay thinking it's Salani to the end. And now it's kind of become a huge mess. So i'm not exactly sure how this is about to go down. We cannot send a girl home tonight. What are we going to tell mike? Mike is going to ask me who we're voting for. Hopefully we can be cool about it and not get panicky. Mike just went for a walk. He's going to blow this camp up. I'm going. Pure insanity. What are y'all thinking? I don't know. Nobody's talked to me. Check this out. We were sitting back there, chomping on popcorn-- let's do Christina. They're all in the same boat. And then next time do guy and girl. Then the Manono tribe is gone. I'm not saying i don't trust y'all but i'm just saying i don't have a good  vibe going on. Jay, you know, he's really nervous, but my alliance is sticking together and  for every person that's not in an alliance it's your turn to go. There's no scrambling. Everybody can just relax and go to tribal. As long as it doesn't happen to you, you know, then you're okay. But i could say that now and have my tribe blindside me but i just tonight  see that happening. You. Wow.i'm just saying, something's going to be different after tonight so what  we have to do right now is decide it if we're gog lay down tonight and vote Christina  off or if we're about to make our move because this is never going to be the  same if we do this. I'm torn over what to do because it's a huge move to take out the guys in our  alliance, and, unfortunately, Jay freaked out. So are we gonna, like, cause a major uproar, go with the women's alliance,  and vote off mike? Or do we vote off Christina, keep Salani together? So we're going to have to make a choice and go with it. Whatever happens is going to change the whole game. Change the whole game. Jeff: We'll now bring in the first member of our jury. Jonas, voted out at the last tribal council. I want to start by asking one question looking for a truthful response. Who here tonight is genuinely worried that it is them going home tonight? Nobody. Thinks it's them tonight. Amazing. So what it really means is there there are a lot of alliances and all of them  feel very solid and very loyal. Tarzan, do you get a kick out of the fact that nobody, including yourself,  thinks they're in trouble tonight, and yet we know in just a few moments  somebody will be out of this game for good. It means somebody has been very good at deceiving is what it means, Jeff. Jeff: Troyzan if you got blindsided by your alliance would it really blow you  away? Yeah, i feel like if i got blindsideide didn't bring my bags so, yeah, i  would be shocked. Jeff: Kim, do you feel the same way? It would blow me away. Jeff: How about you, Chelsea. Same. Christina. Same. Jeff: Mike, same question. It would blow me away. It would be a complete surprise. Jeff: Kim, where is the confidence coming from that nobody tonight thinks  it's them. I think there are people that think they're part of an alliance and that's  where the confusion is setting in. We all did have our first alliances but then we had time to develop new  relationships when we switched tribes so i think so you always have to keep  your options open and know when to stick with a plan, too. Jeff: Chelsea, that's a really carefully crafted answer. I think in a way you want to be aligned with more than two groups, maybe you  want to be aligned with three groups, and just see which one has more trust  and keep yourself with the majority. So maybe it's good to have more options. Jeff: Alicia, does that add a whole other dimension that you now have 11  people experk because the lines aren't really clear, i have to keep track of  everybody, because anybody could be coming for me? I definitely agree. I feel like right now, we still don't know who is on whose side. And it's going to take a couple of tribal councils to figure it out, and see  who is loyal to who and who's going to be the one on top. Jeff: Christina, six women, five men, is there any talk that it might still  be men versus women? I'm sure, yeah. But there's also the question of the new alliances that they build from the Salani  tribe and the Manono tribe. Jeff: When we switched. Right. And i think that's why a lot of people aren't really sure if they are going  or not. Jeff: Tarzan. Well, i hate to say it, Jeff, but we're all just playing you because we know  how important this night is. What needs to be said is the allegiances that were formed prior to coming  here one would think would be relatively firm and not so wishy-washy, and if  we reveal too much it will ruin the whole thing so the game is afoot and  that's why we remain exwigz. It's our best bet. And, therefore, you're being played. Jeff: So i'm being played tonight. You bet, you're being played. Jeff: I'm sure you sense that. [ laughter ]. Jeff: Kat, we've got a million-dollar game on the line, we're about to vote  and everyone is laughing at Tarzan. It's so funny. Everybody is in a good mood. It's because his rant t rantic is so Tarzan. It's like a boom! And you're like what just ha happen. Jeff: Did i get tar swrand tonight? You got Tarzanned. Jeff: Michael, when Tarzan says, "i'm being played, "clearly it's  everybody except at least one person. There's at least two alliances, but then at the same time, you don't know who  is exactly with who because everybody talks. As far as me and my alliance, i mean, i don't talk much around camp but when  i do i remain cool. That's how i am as a person. My alliance, i think is strong. Jeff: With that, i will say to you, Tarzan, though you think i'm being played. I'm pretty sure one of you guys are being played, and we're going to find out  who it is. Cannot vote for Jay. He has the immunity necklace. Everybody else is fair game. It is time to vote. Tarzan, you're up. Tarzan, you're up. Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now would be  the time to do so. Okay, once the votes are read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Christina. Christina. Two votes Christina. Tarzan. Tarzan. Two votes Christina, two votes Tarzan. Mike. Mike. Two votes mike, two votes Christina, two votes Tarzan. Mike. That's three votes mike. Mike. That's four votes mike. Two votes Christina, two votes Tarzan. Eighth person voted out, and the second member of our jury, mike. That's five, that's enough. You need to bring me your torch. Mike, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Well, you came in here tonight completely confident it wasn't you, and yet,  three of you received votes. If that doesn't shake the confidence of this group, nothing will. Grab your torches, head back to camp. Good night. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, captioned by media  access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our  next episode. The women are in control of the game. These girls it going to knock us all out. Jeff: The men fight back. The next four votes are coming your way. Who are you voting for? They're going to get the full-on switcha radio. Definitely going to be some blindsides coming up. Going into it at some point it would be guys versus girls, and unfortunately,  it started tonight. I came out of the gates too hot, i talked to the women all individually, and  i thought i had a good thing with them, but, apparently,un, you can't trust  anybody, and i thought i could trust so many women out here but it wasn't the  case