<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor."  after the merge, the former Salani members set out on a plan. Me and jane, mike, we have this pact to stick with Chelsea, Kim, Kat, and Sabrina. Jeff: At the reward challenge, a schoolyard pick split the tribe into two  teams. Leif flies off that slide! Kim's team was victorious. Yellow tribe enjoying your barbecue reward. Earning a reward away from camp while Troyzan and Jay's team was left empty  handed. With troy and Jay left behind, Kim and Sabrina saw a chance to make a new  plan. It has to be all girls. I say we tell troy. Mike is trying to get you out of here. We can start a revolution and get rid of mike and aphi late them. Jeff: After the reward, Kim wasted little time putting the plan into motion. I won't be surprised if they make the move. Jeff: Jay became suspicious. I'm scared of y'all girls. Y'all get rid of him; y'all get rid of me next. I don't trust the girls. There's too many girls that could hook up and start knocking out all these  guys. Jeff: At tribal council, Kim's bold move paid off. Eighth person paid off and the second member of our jury, mike. Mike joined Jonas as the second man on the journey. Can the men recover from their numbers disadvantage or will the women take  over the game? Ten are left. Who will be voted out tonight? No way! That's crazy. We have a few guys left and they have the vote challenge. They need to set the game, we're going to lose. I don't mean... Listen, i'm just plague out, those girls are plotting to  knock us all out one by one and they're doing it and it's because we fell  apart. No, i know. But mike was never with us anyway so he was basically like a girl vote. [laughs] mike, i'm glad he's gone. He was gunning for me from day one and i sot got sick of him. For me to have mike gone, that's fine. But it is six girls and they could very well say listen, let's get rid of  troy and Jay because they've won the last two immunties and they're strong  and they're going to get votes and everything else. So part of me is like, geez, are they telling me the truth? If Kim and Chelsea and Sabrina and cathy they're just going to, you know,  waltz on into, like, the finals, something major could happen if any one of  us find an idol. There's a hidden immunity idol out there. [laughs] all it takes is one of our votes to get rid of a Kim or a Chelsea or  a Sabrina or a strong player and then it's basically... It could be you, me, Jay,  christie that and Leif and that's five. It would be five against freaking four. It ain't gonna work that way, i don't think. [laughs] i'm just saying, i'm just saying. I think you have to start winning all the immunity. Okay, fine. I'm a little nervous but i have a hidden immunity idol which i'm banking on  if i see something fishy going on with Kim and Chelsea. I don't want to be blindsided going out of here. So if they pull that, they're going to get the full on switcher-roo. Treemail! Oh, my gosh! All right. It says "carry all of this back to your camp. Do not open this envelope until all members of your tribe are together."  wow. The whole tribe went to treemail and we saw, like, this big pole, we saw  some, like, balls with string and we were, like, "oh, cool, so we're  going to have a challenge here on the island" which is great which mean  we don't have to go anywhere, try to walk 50 miles somewhere. All righty. "today you will compete an all do it yourself reward challenge. You will divide yourself into two teams." it was basically a game that  involved a numbering system of pegs that went from one to five points and the  way you achieve points was to throw a bow us will hoping to get the highest  numb spwers you want to get it around one of the pegs. You want to know what you're playing for? The winning tribe will receive a boat ride to a secluded island where they  will be treated to a local barbecue fest. Oh, my God! I want to eat. It's for the winners only. Should we draw first? We can practice. We're drawing. Ready? Don't show it. Oh, you're feeling around. Oh, yeah. Uh-huh. Oh, i guess i'll go last. One, two, three. All right, i need the reds to come over here. Blacks. So we randomly drew rocks and on my team was troy, Jay, Tarzan, Kat, and  myself. We just need to get those points. And the other team were all the girls and Leif left over. Troyzan Probst is hosting the challenge. So here we are, folks. We have a great team and we have an okay team. [laughter] i love troy like cooked food but he is nobody's host at all. I think he just nominated himself or someone said it and no one else objected. Jay want this is barbecue more than he can taste it. Big Jay. He gets the four and goes a little long. Sorry, Jay. Kim is up now. Oh! She hits the middle and nothing. So it's 0-0 after round one. Kat is up. Good Kat! Good job. They take the lead 2-0. Read team leads. Let's see what you've got. Oh! Oh, wide! 0. Troyzan is up. I'll hold your stick, Troyzan. Hold my stick. Take your time like i did. All right. Oh! All right Chelsea. Come on, Chelsea. Oh, hits the four and bounces off! The crowd goes wild! And a relief comes over for the red team! Tarzan! Tarzan may be the best player here. Tarzan, this is for your first reward. [cheers and applause] so that's 6-0. Christina, let's see what she's made of. 1. Puts her team on the board. Alicia's score could pull it out. Oh! 0 for Alicia. Sabrina with the last throw. I'm the last person to go in the game. The highest you can score on the board is a 5 so i have to get a five in  order to tie it. I really don't want to let my team down. I'm not doubting myself but just like lord, really? No! [cheers and applause] barbecue! Tarzan the all star! Finally! Yay! Okay, so that's it, folks, thanks for coming and get ready for a boat ride. Protein! Barbecue! Oh, this is amazing! [applause] good job, guys, great job. What is that? Rum! Oh, it's rum! Yeah, i want rum! Rum and cocoa, baby. I want a coconut. That's what i'm talking about. I was, like, yeah, just get away from the game, go to some island with the  greatest coconut rum drink i've ever had in my life. That does taste good, i can't believe it. So we were excited. [cheers and applause] yeah, we're drunk on rum! Tarzan, how does it feel to go on your first reward? Wonderful. On our own island. It is our own island. Look at this thing. Yeah, baby, we've reached paradise. We land in the middle of the south pacific. Coconut rum all around. Cheers! Hey, captain. If we could stay here a night i'd be golden. Let's get the girls all drunk. You want another coconut? Bring on the rum there, lad. Catch your coconut. Skinny dipping in ten minutes, everybody! I can't wait to eat something. It looks like decent fish. I'm salivating right now as i'm standing here because i haven't had any  protein for 23 days. Some beautiful crabs color wise and architecturally. Now he's cooking the fish. A lot of fish, huh? Look at the size of that sucker! [whistles] Jay, what are you thinking right now? What's on your mind? Well, i was mad yesterday... I wasn't really mad but i didn't really want to  send mike home. It was supposed to be christie that or Alicia before him. Because we didn't want to send another dude home and then, like, oh, well,  our alliance, our girls flip on us or something. We're hesitant. Me and Kat were talking and i wanted to make sure she's on the same page with  me because at this point it's hard to trust anybody. And if somebody has numbers on you, it's definitely hard to trust them. You know, Alicia, Christina, Tarzan and Leif all have to go before we do. I know. We need to stick together. I mean, that's what our alliance said they was going to do. Let's do it. Let's send Manono home and stick with the plan. Which is the plan. Guys, food's ready. I'm coming! I'm a little suspicious that the girls are playing tricks with us. Wow, that is so good! That's really good. Oh, my God, look at the chicken. There's definitely going to be blind sides coming up. I just hope it's not me. Do you not? Mike went out and the girls are ahead. I feel bad because, like, i think deep down they know they made the wrong  choice already. They have to be really worried. It's definitely a win-win to have another guy gone and know the women are in  the majority and, you know, mike's gone. So my hope all along has been everybody will think i'm just kind of calm and  soft spoken and maybe a little forgettable and not calling the shots but i do  think at the end of the game if i can sit there with the three i think the  people on the jury will know that i was making most of these decisions. I just think it's smartest for us to get rid of Jay and troy and then get rid  of Tarzan and Leif. Okay, let's just say... But we need them to believe with all of their heart  that they are not going home because if they don't they will start... They  will find that idol or they'll pull some crap and so we just... I agree. I just don't know if i want to know about it. Do you feel funky about that? I got a lot going through my head. The girls had a discussion on the boat this morning and said whoever doesn't  win immunity either troy or Jay either one of them has to go home next. Which is killing me right now. Because i've looked troy and Jay in the eyes and said "you can trust me  100%." and looking them in the eyes and telling them they can trust me  and then betraying them, that's just not... That's not me at all. Do you not think it's a good idea to get rid of them? I don't know, i've got to think. Jay could win every immunity from here on in. And troy has a good shot at doing that, too. So the minute they don't win i think they have to go. This is like the part of this game that sucks so bad. It sucks ass. This is the part where you need to take your heart out of the game and put  your brain back in the game. Seriously. Like, Chelsea got all sensitive. You know, that really pissed me off. No one told you to mix with the boys anyways. Like, we were fine without them and then you go off and promise them that  you're going to carry them to the top. Please. She can't get over the fact that we have to eliminate Jay and troy. What she said was "i just don't want to be a part of it. I just don't want to think about it." i was like, dude, what is wrong  with you? We could be final three or four. So next to go has to be a big move. Exactly. We can't have a leak or crack in the alliance. Exactly. At all. Exactly. I mean, we can so go out with a bang with all girls. We can not have all guys. I know, and we will have three at... The final three? Dude. Let's take it way back to day one. We formed this alliance. This is what we're going to stick with. We want to go to the end. Going to the end requires some big-girl decisions. You've got to put on your big-girl panties and make a big-girl decision. You knew it was going to have to come to this. You voting mike out, i completely understand that. But the original plan was for us to stick together. If we stray from that, then if we get mixed up or let people in and screw us  up, who knows what will happen. That don't guarantee us crap. They need to pick off a few girls to let us know they're on board. Christina and lisa have to go at some point soon. Next on board is Alicia. Okay. As far as i'm concerned Alicia needs to go before christie that. Alicia's more kind of two-sided working with the guys and girl so to me she's  more of a threat. She's real tight with Kat. I don't trust that. Think about it. If we stick together me and you in the final four. Yeah. Dude, that's just... And we have a great chance, too. We can win every freaking immunity. Seriously. Me and troy are good. We're still thinking me and him are going to work together for a real long  time. He thinks i'm comfortable sitting in the end with him. I'm going to let him keep thinking that. But he's dangerous and you don't want to sit in the end with him because  everybody likes him, he seems like he can tell a story better than anybody. But Kim and Chelsea, those are my final two girls i'm trying to work with. So you have to trust them a little bit but at the same time you get... You've  still got to keep them as close as the enemy around here. You know, the last two have been Jonas and mike and the plan is to get rid of  the rest of Manono, so that puts christie that and Alicia on the block. Okay. And i'm pretty sure that we're going to go with Alicia. I haven't talked to the rest of our alliance, but i chitchatted with troy. And she's weaker than who? She's a threat. She's a Manono. She works both sides. It needs to be her tomorrow. I had to sacrifice. Troy had to sacrifice. We need you to move forward. Are you down with that? What am i going to say, no? Drop it. All right, well let me get confirmation from everybody. I really do appreciate Jay and i really do like him a lot but i can't think  with my heart and neither can Chelsea, neither can Sabrina and Kim. We have to think with our mind. Strategically that's how people win with this game. So let's get it straight. I just told Kat that i was on board for Alicia. Are you? Yeah. Okay. She just wanted confirmation. You all right? Yeah, i'm fine. Is that cool? Yes. So we can make that set and not derive from it. What did you say? One's Alicia, two is Christina. All right. It just sucks. I really made some close relationships with the guys and Jay's one of those  people that's very hard to look him in the eye and lie to him. Fortunately there's, like, four girls standing there and i didn't really have  to look at him in his eye and say "i promise this is what's going to  happen." but i just hate to be that deceitful. I don't know. I don't know if i can do this. Oh, i know. So we have to take out troy or Jay and, like, tell the guys it's you. I just feel like that's the only way so don't worry. We're so solid. We're just playing it all the way home and whoever doesn't win immunity, troy  or Jay, is going home. So just don't freak out. Okay. Just be yourself. Jay told us all that he thought Alicia should go home tonight and we all just  nodded and agreed and said yes but that's definitely not happening. Just stay calm and you're so set. Okay. I'm ready to draw the line. Like, it's been muddy for long enough and i feel like it's time for the guys  to know where the women stand. I'm dead serious. All right. Kim and Alicia were on the beach watching bowls. What's going on. What's... What are they talking about? I mean, if the girls were smart and they got six of them, it wouldn't be hard  just to knock off me or Jay. It wouldn't be that hard. What do you think today holds? For the challenge? Yeah. I don't know. You wouldn't skip a challenge or come off of it if food were brought out? No. I just feel like... I still feel like, i don't know, maybe Kim or Chelsea  would be, like, you know, it wouldn't be hard for them just to freaking bring  Alicia. Everybody's on the same page. We're writing down Alicia. God, i just want them to try to pull some fast move on this one. No, i don't... I really, really, really don't see that happening. Troy's just concerned that the women have the numbers. They're going to try to blind side him. But we had a little powwow, we're going to vote Alicia out as our first  choice. I trust my two girls. Treemail! Is. And right now he just needs to calm down. With ten Survivors left it's anybody's bet. One will get immunity, the rest will just get wet. Jay seems to think like, no, i think everything's fine, i think they want Alicia,  i trust them, i think it's okay. But i don't feel the same way. So i feel like i really have to win. Jeff: Come on in, guys! Guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge? Yes. Jeff: First things first, Jay, give it up. Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. Today's immunity challenge is a "Survivor" classic. You will stand barefoot on a small wooden perch. Your hand will be tethered to a bucket. When your arm drops you're out of the challenge. Last person left standing wins immunity, guaranteed a 1-9 shot at winning  this game. Losers, tribal council where somebody will be voted out. To make it more interesting, i'm going to try to tempt you with food items. Yeah! Yeah! If you take the temptation you lose your shot at immunity. We'll draw for spots. We'll get started. This challenge is officially on. Tarzan first one out of the challenge. You didn't have a lot of faith you were going last, did you. Nope. Jeff: Is the feet? Failure. Jeff: Just general failure. We are down to nine people in this challenge. I have your first item. And before i can even get to it, Christina is out. Damn it! Jeff: Take a spot on the bench and you can see what you missed out on. If you're sure you're safe tonight you can enjoy two cookies and a nice glass  of milk. I'm out, Jeff. I'm out. Jeff: Sabrina wants out. Sabrina is out. Nobody else even gets to share in this. She took it all. Sabrina, i hate you! I hate you, too. Jeff: So Sabrina, you are clearly feeling very safe. Oh, my God. If you have that plate right now i want it. Jeff: Alicia wants what's next and you don't even know what it is. You take that food, i'm going to vote you out. Jeff: Cookies were good. Cupcakes are always better. Wow! No. I'll step down. I'm stepping down. Jeff: It's Kim and Kat. Kim and Kat must feel very safe. Chelsea, i'll jump off on the next food one and Jay will come off. All you have to do is outlast the other guys. I think that's b. S +ã¡fpl. I can last long, but i'm letting you know, Chelsea, i will jump off for you. Thanks. Jeff: Wait, let me make sure i got this right. You could last long but you're going to choose not to so that Chelsea can. If she wants to win this one really bad i'll let her win it. You'll let me or you just want some damn food! [laughs] Jeff: Gonna amp up the sweet factor a little more. I want it! Jeff: Alicia, you want it sight unseen? I want it. Jeff: Step off that challenge. Alicia's out of the challenge. You don't even know what it is, girl! Jeff: Remember, Chelsea, she did this as a favor to you. Jeff: Alicia, you gave up immunity. Here's what you gave it up for. Oh, man! Jeff: A bowl full of candy and chocolate. I'm good! Jeff: Time to find out who really wants to fight for immunity and who's  waiting for something really huge to step down. Jeff: Four people left in this challenge fighting for immunity while six  people over here are sure they don't need it. "i don't need immunity. I'm good to go!" Leif trying to keep the blood moving. Pumping that fist. Troy, you're shaking. Troyzan with a near fatal mistake. Oh, Troyzan loses his balance. Yes! Jeff: Troyzan is out of the challenge. No shot at immunity tonight. We are now down to three. Immunity on the line and a guaranteed 1-9 shot at winning this game. You want to give it up for chicken wings and stpwhaoer. Oh, my God! Jeff: Jay is out of the challenge and we are down to two. He don't even drink beer! [laughs] wow. Good job, Jay. Ooh, that looks good. Is it better than the chicken i caught? Leif once again in it at the end. He's been battling for these individual challenges, has yet to win one. Chelsea said all along "i'm not stepping down, i want to win." i'm  still embarrassed about that puzzle so i'm going to be up here all day, Leif. All right. I've got to prove myself. I've got to prove myself, too. Well, i can tell you this, if you step down it makes you less of a threat. Jeff: Wow, it never stops, Leif. You curious about why she's saying that? Yeah. Jeff: Chelsea's saying winning this actually works against you. Who do you trust? I could stay up here all day long. Jeff: Next item to try to tempt you down, three burgers, a bowl of chips and  a cold beer. Do it, Chelsea, you haven't eaten. I don't want to see it. .Jeff: You don't want to see it? Nope. Jeff: Chelsea not even tempting herself by looking. Leif, she's telling you step down from the challenge, take a burger and make  yourself less of a threat. Sounds like a great deal if you buy it. Chelsea? Is that true? Yeah, it's true. .is that true? Look at me in the eyes, it's true. This is for you. Do it, buddy. Jeff: Leif steps out. Chelsea wins individual immunity! [cheers and applause] good job, Chelsea! Jeff: Leif, have a seat. I just want a chip. Chelsea, eat the burger. That was fun. Jeff: Chelsea, come on over here. Well earned and you still have a mouthful of food. They're so nice for sharing. Jeff: Chelsea, safe tonight at tribal council. Good job, Chelsea. You can not be voted out of this game with this around your neck. Everybody else is fair game. I'll see you guys tonight at tribal council. Good job, Chelsea. That was awesome. Yeah. One of the best challenges ever. Today's immunity challenge could not have gone better for me. It was awesome. I got to eat cupcakes and have milk and not put myself out there as a huge  threat which i was kind of starting to feel a little nervous about. I'm glad for Chelsea to take that role today. You were, like, i said, oh, troy. I was still wanting to go a little further with Jay and troy but i'm  realizing now that that would be an idiot move so to turn this quick on them  i hate to be that person but i love money so... [laughs] i was pissed off  when i fell off. Yeah, you were. Took my thing and threw it. I just want to compete. Troy right now is our biggest threat because he wants to win this game so bad. I think more than anyone here. I had in the my mind like i'm going on the third one. Jay, on the other hand, gave up for food. He thinks he's safe. Troy didn't give up for food so i think right now he's the smartest person to  take out. I think we potentially have eight votes for troy so we're going to throw  three votes at Jay just...? In case? I hate it but, like... I think just in case. Because if troy plays an idol. The split vote plan, always risky, makes me nervous. I'd rather know everyone's voting for troy but there's a chance troy will  throw out an immunity idol. He's a strategic player and thinking a lot and he's going to do everything he  can to stay in this game and he still has some options today. I feel like people like Christina and Tarzan and Leif are just hanging on  riding this thing out so Christina, Alicia, will vote for Jay and Leif,  myself, Chelsea, Sabrina and cat will vote for troy. Here he comes. Jay does? Yeah. Please tell me i don't have to worry about no craziness. You don't have to worry about no craziness. No blondness going on. Huh? I want to know about any blond strategy going on. Nothing crazy, everybody's good. Okay. Cool beans. It's troy. But we want to split the vote just to double check and make sure in case he  plays an idol so why don't you and Tarzan vote for troy. I'll tell christie that it's troy. So three Jay... I'll talk to Leif and Chelsea, Kat, Sabrina, myself and troy. And if they play an idol nobody goes home. It will be Jay instead of troy. Okay. You're not voting me off. No. You know, if i was playing the devil's advocate and i'd say it wouldn't be  much for the girls just to say.. Right. ...let's take troy and yay. I get why y'all feel... To me it still feels... I feel that way with Tarzan, Leif,  Kat and Alicia. I don't trust two of those girls so. Anyway... So it's definitely Alicia? You swear to me? You're not going to blind side me? No! Like that my "Survivor" experience sucks! We're good. I know, i know. Kim kept going like "don't worry." almost like too much. I don't know it seems fishy. Like, if she wanted to get me out, she'd want to be extra sure that i felt  like i was safe. It sounded like that a little bit. This may go into play soon. It doesn't sound right. Like "you're safe, you're safe." you only have to say it once. I think Kim and Chelsea are pulling one over on us. I have an idol, bro, i'm playing it. If they're playing me, i want the person to go home. I don't think nobody's playing you, troy. I've got a feeling they're playing me. I ain't heard the slightest inkreupb nation. They wouldn't tell you anyway. You're basically hooked to me. You do what you want, man. But i don't... Ity you're good. Would you vote for Kim? I think it's safe to just say Alicia because i really think it's her. If i get Tarzan to vote for Kim and Christina to vote for Kim? I think you're safe, bro. Okay. I think you're safe. That's news to me troy has an idol. I love the guy to death, he's like my big brother but he's dangerous troy  want miss toe vote for Kim. I'm not voting Kim out because that's my final three. Tell Christina to come talk to me. I knew it was going to hit the fan. I didn't think it would be tonight. What's going on? I know you guys are attempting to blind side troy. If we were would you tell him? Nope. But he's debating on playing an idol. I i figured. So i think you guys should vote Alicia, get his idol out and get him next  time. Christina. Who are you... Who are you voting for? He's over there switching votes right now. He's trying to get Tarzan and Christina to vote you and he asked me to vote  for you and i said i'm sticking with Alicia. If you all society for him and he plays the idol the next four votes are  coming your way. Jay just put the fear of God me me. Troy does have an idol. He's planning to play it and send me home and i don't have time before tribal  council comes to get to everyone. So hopefully we have enough people on board that do enough of the right thing  that the right person will go home tonight. Tonight. Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Jonas and Michael voted out at the last tribal council. Troyzan, in the last two tribal councils, two guys have gone home, Jonas and Michael. Is that a sign that maybe this is still a men versus women game? I thought it was coincidence but as days go on, the more i'm thinking it's  still a little bit men/women. Jeff: Tarzan, how did the men lose control if this is, indeed, men versus  women? Well, they lost their will several days and the allegiance was broken and now  it's women two-up. So the girls are a lot smarter than the boys. Jeff: Jay, is it possible that it's just the way the numbers fell that it's  two guys? I'm kind of with troy on this. My hope of guys and girls meshing and joining a little bit, you know, there's  a lot of scrambling going on today and i don't feel as safe as i did last  time sitting here tonight. Jeff: Actually, let me ask everyone else here. Who here tonight thinks they might be in trouble? Kim, Jay, Troyzan. Nobody else? Kim, does that surprise you, with all the scrambling Jay talked about that  there's still only three people that are worried? Yeah, i don't know. I felt safe at the immunity challenge, i felt safe while i ate and afterwards  just today this afternoon at camp there was a funky vibe. I think you underestimate how paranoid people get, they run around and other  people get paranoid. So i started feeling a lot less safe after the immunity challenge today. Jeff: Chelsea, paranoia. Paranoia can really wreak havoc on a plan. What do you do in this game to keep your plan intact? You know, there's a... As much as this game... You know, we've all watched it  and we know that people are dishonest but there comes a point where you  really have to go with your gut and just really hope that people are being  honest with you and just look them in the eyes and just tell them how you  feel and hope that they're being honest when they respond. And that's all you can do. Jeff: Troyzan, how mixed up is this game right now? In my mind it's mixed up like hell. Jeff: Did it mix up before the immunity challenge or after? After. You know, just because you can kind of start to tell like who decides to step  out first and get food, who applauds who when someone goes out. You know, i noticed that when i went out everybody applauded even some of the  tribe that i thought would be rooting for me i think might be rooting against  me. So that meant something. Jeff: Chelsea, what's the talk about hidden immunity idols. The talk is that we're at day 25 and no one's yet to pull one out. Jeff: Is there talk about who might have one? Yeah. There's some people that act suspicious with their bags or their pockets look  a little more full or, you know, stuff like that. But you never know who really has it. Jeff: Alicia, what about you? Do you watch people, how they pick up their bag or maybe what's in their  pockets? Oh, definitely. I notice who takes their bags to tribal council and who doesn't. I notice what shorts are worn today and what shorts aren't being worn today,  you know? Jeff: Who do you notice wearing different shorts? The men. [laughs] they're not in their swimming trunks and he's got a lot of pockets  there. Jeff: So you're pointing to Troyzan saying "these aren't the short he is  normally wears"? No, he had on swimming trunks. Jeff: Tarzan, what do you anticipate happening after tonight's vote? I think the alliance that i know of is going to strengthen and the faith will  be restored and there will be a powerhouse that will take them to the end. If people just do what they say they were going to do before we got here. And other than that, the game is afoot. [laughter] Jeff: On that note, Chelsea has immunity. You can not vote for Chelsea. Everybody else is fair game. It is time to vote. Tarzan, you're up. Tarzan, you're up. I told you not to step down. Sorry, Kim. You're the strongest player, have to see you go. I really don't want to do this but i don't have a choice. I love you, monkey man. I love you, monkey man. Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want to play it now would be  the time to do so. Jeff... Some of the dumbest moves in "Survivor" history have been  made when someone gets voted out and has this in their pocket and that's not  going to be me. I'm not going to join that group. Jeff: All right. This is the hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast against Troyzan will not count. I'll read the votes. First vote, troy. Does not count. Troy. Does not count. Kim. One vote Kim. Jay. One vote Jay. Alicia. One vote Alicia. Jay. Two votes Jay; one vote Kim; one vote Alicia. Alicia. Two votes Jay; two votes Alicia; one vote Kim. Jay. That's three votes Jay; two votes Alicia; one vote Kim. Ninth person voted out and the third member of our jury, Jay. That's four, that's enough. You need to bring me your torch. Jay, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Well, given that nearly half of you received votes tonight, if there wasn't a  reason to be paranoid before, there certainly is now. Grab your torches, head back to camp. Good night. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs captioned by media  access group at access.wgbh.org Jeff: Next time on "Survivor."  outnumbered and alone, Troyzan fights back. [screaming] come on! We just want to take him down but everyone knows he's going to fight as hard  as he can. I can join you guys to make five. You can pick them all off. You think you have me outsmarted. They don't, you can not mess with Troyzan. That's the game for you, you never know what's going to happen out here. You never can tell exactly who's telling the truth. You make the best decisions based on what you know, go with your gut as best  as possible. I had a great time. Wouldn't trade it for the world. I tried to play this game as honest as possible, now i'm on the sidelines. I had an eerie feeling coming in here but i didn't see myself going home.