<br/>Jeff: Survivor it's toughest, and most dangerous reality competition of all time  "Survivor: Philippines" brought back three players that proved it.  Oh!  Jeff: Each had been medically evacuated from their previous season. From  "fans versus favorites," Jonathan Penner.  I got injured in a challenge.  The infection goes into your bloodstream is potentially fatal.  It was awful.  Jeff: From season two, australia, Michael Skupin.  The world thought me falling in the fire was my greatest failure. I didn't  see it that way but i'm in love with the fact that i'm able to come out here  and do it again.  Jeff: And Russell swan from "Survivor: Samoa."  the last time i played "Survivor" it smacked me in the chops. This  time i'm smacking back.  Jeff: In addition to the returning players, the castaways were joined by two  familiar super fans, former baseball star Jeff kent.  I played in the world series with bases loaded. I've seen pressure. This is  going to be a challenge for me, no doubt. And i'm hoping people won't  recognize me.  Jeff: And former teen tv star Lisa.  I played blair warner on "the facts of life." blair would never in  a million years be on "Survivor," but i'm very, very different, and  at this point i'm getting to be just Lisa.  Jeff: From the beginning these three tribes were hit by a storm that lasted  21 days.  Come on, rain, stop.  Jeff: The rain never let up. Food source were scarce.  I do do anything for food right now. At least give me hope.  Jeff: And to make matters worse-- Malcolm and Denise still strug ling out in  the water. Mat sing never won a challenge. After four losses in a row.  I don't get what's happening, farther.  Jeff: The first returning player was sent home. Malcolm and Denise-- you're  down to two, you know what you've got to do-- were the only one to survive.  The unlikely duohad been in an alliance since day one.  Instantly, we just clicked.  Jeff: And were inseparable until the game split them up. Mat sing has been  decimated. Mat sing is no more. We have two tribes now. Malcolm goes to Tandang.  Denise goes to Kalabaw.  I'm still holding that trust that it's Malcolm and i, and the time comes i go  back with Malcolm.  Reporter: At Tandang, Lisa was discovering the real facts of life.  It's hard being on the outside. Maybe i'm not able to play this game.  Jeff: She struggled to fit in with her young tribe.  She's just, like, an outsider.  I don't trust her. She's a smart player. Do not underestimate Lisa.  Jeff: And her only bond was with Skupin.  Lisa is my closest ally out here.  You would have no reason to think i would lie to you.  I am your friend.  Me too.  But if you ( bleep ) with me, you're dead.  Any chaos i create is going to be beneficial to me. &gt;&gt;un what you did?  I didn't do anything.  Stop, don't even try.  Shut-- shut up.  Jeff: Winning was the only thing that kept Tandang from fall apart. And Lisa  done does it! Tandang wins! Tan bang wins immunity by seconds! At Kalabaw, Jeff  kent led the charge to take out their tribe 18 returning player, Jonathan Penner.   Do we want a veteran to win or do we want one of us to win?  I agree.  Jeff: But Penner's idol and experience in the game kept him alive.  I have the hidden immunity idol. I'm going to dance all the way to the  millions.  "congratulations! The tribes are merging!  Jeff: Unfortunately for Penner and Kalabaw, they went into the merge down in  numbers.  To our new tribe.  Jeff: With the tribes merged, Malcolm and Denise were reunited while Lisa and  Skupin finally made their alliance official. These two alliances came  together.  Final four.  Final four.  Fiant of final four.  Jeff: And were the only constant in the most unpredictable season "Survivor"  has ever seen. ( growling ).  Jeff: Wow. There were blow-ups.  Get him the ( bleep ) out of here.  Jeff: Break-ups.  I can't be in an alliance with someone who really doesn't trust me.  Jeff: Breakdowns. You're pulling yourself out of the game?  I can't stay here.  Jeff: Blindsides.  Oh!  Jeff: Penner. Jeff.  This game sucks, Jeff.  Jeff: And things we've never seen before. 36 days later-- the tribe has  spoken-- having beaten all the odds, these four Survivors, two pairs, one  unlikely alliance are all that remain. Skupin, one of "Survivor's"  biggest stars align with Lisa, america's former teen star. Lisa's battle the  the game and herself to make it this far.  To play the game, i have to go against everything that's inside me. But i'm  playing to win. So bring it on.  Jeff: Can Skupin keep his game and Lisa from falling apart?  You you and i are not guaranteed in phenyl three.  Second or third that the stage of the game means nothing to me.  Can the sursays outwit, outplay, outlast. There's nothing in there this says  out-keep your word.  Jeff: Denise and Malcolm, the ultimate underdogs, in a "Survivor"  first, Denise has gone to every single tribal council and survived.  I am one it stubborn, determined woman. The taste of blood is in the water.  I'm going to make it happen.  Jeff: Malcolm, the golden boy, has played a flawless game, finding an idol,  and dominating challenges. ( cheers )  there's a lot on the line here. There's no reason to hold back any more.  We're in the home stretch. It's go big or go home time for me.  Jeff: But can Denise trust Malcolm's loyalty?  This is it, final three, baby! Whooo!  Jeff: Will these powerhouse players destroy the competition or each other? It  all comes to an end tonight. Find out who will claim the million-dollar prize  and the title of sole Survivor. Captioning brought to you by Survivor  productions, cbs,  i feel like alive.  Oh, don't you?  That's like having a tumor removed.  It was. Negative gone.  When do we dance?  Now. Ready?  Getting rid of Abi, it's the best feeling i've had since i've been out here.  It sucked life out of you having her here. I have never met anybody like that  before. I mean, i'm not happy for her loss. I'm just happy for our peace.  She was just full of fire.  I don't know if i'd call it fire.  Full of... Something.  On the one hand it's a really good thing that Abi is gone. The bad news is  she went out with a bang. Whenever somebody wants to go out with a bang in  this game they tend to throw me under the bus with complilts of all things.  "Malcolm will definitely win the game. Malcolm is a lock if he gets to  the end." i think they're trying to be nice but the amount of damage  control i have to keep doing after someone blows up at tribal council is  getting ridiculous.  Nothing's changed since two weeks ago.  So no matter what, it's me and you tomorrow?  Malcolm and i have a "Survivor" alliance, but the decision i have  to make for the end game strategy has to be who i want to sit next to in the  final three. There is a feeling that Malcolm's the runaway. Abi sees it that  way. Lisa sees it that way. I don't see it that way. I believe i have a  better story than he has. I have to step outside the game for just a minute  and look at it from an outside observer in order to truly make the decision  on that.  Tree mail! We got something going on.  Wow!  Okay. Oh, no.  Uh-oh.  What?  No way. "winning this sex challenge will be worthy of your bragin'.  We'll have a better shot at the money when you've finished off the  dragon." is that reward or immunity?  We never know.  No.  Oh, we have a challenge today which we weren't expecting. My fear is i will  be the next one to go. We've had this solid four but four caint go to three  so i am desperate to win it because one of us is going to get the short end  of the stick, and i definitely don't want it to be me.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Four people left. Malcolm, how you doing?  I'm good. You know, you knowledge about this for so long, even before we hit  the beach on day one, and to actually get here now, it's exciting. But it's  not over yet.  Jeff: You guys ready to get to today's reward challenge?  Yeah.  Absolutely.  Jeff: For today's challenge, you will race through a series of obstacles.  Collecting bags along the way. Once you have all three bags, you will use the  pieces to solve a dragon puzzle. Do you want to know what you're playing for.   Absolute!  Yes.  Jeff: It is the biggest reward of the game.  Wow.  Jeff: The winner of today's challenge wins an advantage in the final immunity  challenge tomorrow.  Oh!  Wow.  Oh!  Jeff: For 37 days, you have battled with one goal in mind-- getting to the  end for a shot at the money. Winning today's challenge could mean the  difference between sitting in the final tribal council or being the eighth and  final jury member. Big stakes. We'll draw for spots. We'll get started. Here  we go. For an advantage in the final immunity challenge, Survivors ready? Go!  Everybody gets across the balance beam quickly. Malcolm and Skupin over the  bamboo first. Lisa and Denise right behind. Everybody off to a very fast  start. Everybody working on their knots now. That first bag of pieces, once  you're untied make your way through the bamboo. Denise whipping through these  knots. Skupin's untied. Malcolm is untied. Lisa's now untied. Keep moving!  Three people through. Lisa going up top and it's taking a lot longer. Malcolm  falls off. He's got to go back. Lisa's through now. She's in it. Everybody  working on that second bag. There are three bags total. Skupin has his second  bag. Skupin heading for that third and final bag. Denise has hers untied.  Malcolm has his second bag. He's across. Lisa still struggling. Malcolm up  the rope quickly. Denise up the rope. Here comes Lisa. Everybody working on  their third and final bag. Skupin has his. He's down first. Denise right  behind. Start working on that puzzle. Malcolm's there now. Lisa has her third  bag. She's heading down. Everybody working on their puzzle. We're building a  dragon in this puzzle. Everybody fighting for a huge reward. Advantage in the  next immunity challenge. This could be a million-dollar challenge right here.  Denise off to a fast start. Skupin trying to figure it out. Denise with  another piece. Lisa with a piece. Malcolm with another piece. Denise in the  the lead right now. Lisa now starting to pick up the pace. She places another  piece. Skupin struggling all over the place. Pieces falling out. Denise  making a lot of headway. Malcolm with another piece. Lisa still fightingly.  Skupin out of it right now. It would be so nice to have an advantage in that  final immunity challenge. Historically advantages have worked out very well  for the people who have them. Quite often it results in a victory. It is Malcolm  and Denise fighting for an advantage in the final immunity challenge. It is  very close. Lisa falling out of it. Skupin's been out of it. Malcolm now  places another piece. Andother. And another. He has four pieces left. Denise  trying to catch up. Malcolm is very close. Malcolm wins reward, an advantage  in the final immunity challenge.  Ah!  Jeff: Malcolm, come on over. Advantage in the final immunity challenge. It is  sealed. Keep it that way. You'll reveal the contents at the challenge. Could  have been a million-dollar victory today.  Hopefully glaj.  Jeff: Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. See you guys tomorrow for your  final immunity challenge.  Exhausted after that.  You are good at puzzles. Dang it! Nicely done.  We did not need Malcolm winning an immunity advantage. He was already a huge  threat to win. Just on his own. So it was going to be an uphill climb just  battling Malcolm. Now battling Malcolm with an advantage. Forget it.  Good challenge.  Today, i managed to pull it out. I won some sort of advantage in the the  final immunity challenge which is huge. It's the last challenge, and at this  point i'll take any advantage i can get.  All right, i need to get water.  You want to go up there?  Yeah, i'll go with you. Everything is going exactly as i plan. I have the  final three deal with Lisa and Skupin. I think i can beat them at the end. I  absolutely think i could beat Denise at the end, but she's the hardest person  to beat for me right now. Her story is similar to mine. The people from the  tribe that was wiped out made it to the end. I feel bad for her but i need to  go to the final three with people i can beat.  You know that.  My heart is still in my chest going like this.  I know, but you-- you have a huge shot at winning immunity tomorrow. I know  you're still thing, but we need to solidify three. I'll make my proposal for  me. I want to be in that final three. Are you willing to commit at all with  me? Or at the very least make it a tie so Lisa and i have to make fire?  Well, no, just make a decision and just go with it. I'm definitely  overthinking it but i won't do this to you because i know i'm being awful.  I tried to approach Malcolm about going to theifiable final three together,  and he's just very hesitant to make any kind of commitment, so for me,  knowing he had planned so hard to make sure we had a six, and planned tow  hard to make sure we had a four, makes me very leery about his thoughts on  keeping me in the final three. So this is kind of scramble time. I need to  figure out a plan and figure it out fast.  I haven't gotten an opportunity just to talk to either of you. And so i  wanted to feel you because i don't know where Malcolm's head is. I'm getting  flash backs to Penner. Like, "Malcolm, are you able to make any  commitment for final three?" "we've got time. We don't need to  worry about that yet, jungle mom." and i'm like, that's all i need to  know.  I'm so glad to hear you talking like this. I thought you were like this--  we have been but strategically he has votes all over the jury. He has the  physical game. He has the social game. If you guys are on board, it is  possible.  Perfect. Today has been a good day. I just found out Denise is willing to  turn on Malcolm and go to the final three with mike and me. She realizes she  doesn't have a chance against him. None of us do. So this is fabulous.  Malcolm is the kind of guy who will put his arm around you, and stab you.  Stab you.  Then visit you at the hospital the next day. And you get out of the hospital  and saying, "was that the sweetest thing for him to come visit. He's  such a nice guy!  Absolutely. We all have better odds together up there versus let's just let  him do a clean sweep.  Yeah.  Okay.  Absolutely.  Okay.  Oh!  So glood to hear you thinking like this. I hugged her, big hug. Didn't shake  her hand. Didn't give her my word because i don't know what Skupin is going  to think about this.  So i talked to Lisa and i'm voting for Malcolm. 100%.  Really? Yeah, she's like, "i'm so relieved." all right, i just want  to go cool off and clean up.  Yeah, enjoy.  I will. Thank you!  Denise was thrilled with your conversation.  Great, me, too. You and i need to get off and decide definitely which way we  want to go. Because at this point, i'm leaning towards going to the end with Denise.   Lisa and i have a pact with Malcolm to go into the final three together, but  now it looks like we have the same deal with Denise, which is great because  either way Lisa is i will be in the final three with one of those two,  depending on who wins immunity. If she wins tomorrow, then what?  I can't even imagine a scenario where Malcolm doesn't win immunity.  But you know what i was thinking? In the physical challenge i beat Malcolm  today to the puzzle. I beat him in every physical challenge. So i can beat  him. I'm not saying i will. I'm saying i think i can beat him. You know, the  word on the street is Malcolm's unbeatable, and he makes it to the final  three, it's a landslide, he'll get every vote. I don't know. I think i can  beat Malcolm. And i think i can tell a pretty good story at the end. So i  just have to keep my cool and figure out who i want to sit next to in the  finally because that's the million-dollar question right there. A crazy day.  Denise is really working it, right? We can't control jury votes but we can  control where we sit. So we just can't let her win. She hasn't won anything--   what do you mean we can't let her win. We have to let her win. She's the one  we have a better chance of beating. She hasn't played the game. She let Malcolm  play for her. I used to hate it when Abi said i need to keep mikeole a leash  but i think you need to be level headed to be able to make strategic moves,  and sometimes Skupin is not that level headed.  Realistically, we can't let either one of them win.  Right.  Then we control the outcome of what happens in the final part of the game.  Right.  Lisa and i are not on the same page as far as who sits in the final three,  and who that last person is on the jury. So if i want to control the outcome  of the game, i have to have immunity in my hand so i can create the final  three instead of just falling into the final three.  Tree mail.  "congratulations final four. You are almost at the end. Follow the map  to the head land. There you will find the torches of your fallen comrades. At  each torch you will clct a representative name plate of those voted out before  you, paik respect to each their memories as they each had a part in getting  you to this point. You will then head to your final immunity challenge."   that's a fun day. Very cool.  That's a big one. Tree mail was bigger than usual. We are going to do the  fallen comrades today, where you pay respects to everyone who has fallen  before you in the game. It's a cool thing to take the time and go remember  them one last time before the blood starts flowing tonight.  Zane. Was a crazy guy. He quit smoking days before he came out here, gained  30 pounds, was also one of the funniest guys.  Appeared to be a little insane. Put it that way.  I think it was very stupid for my tribe to vote me out. That made a move way  too early in the game. In hindsight, you know hindsight is 20-20. As you can  see, my whole tribe folded after i left.  Oh, Roxy. I think rox would have to be one of the people with the strongest  convictions about her beliefs that i have ever known.  She was a fighter. She was a fighter.  I keep it real and that could have been my downfall, keeping it real too much  gets you out sometimes, but i was just myself, and i'm proud of it.  Oh, Angie. ( laughter ). Angie was my sleeping buddy. You know what? She  turned out to be a lot tougher than we all judged her to be. Poor girl, all  she wanted was some cookies.  A girl after my own heart!  Being ditsy or bubbly, whatever. That's just part of who i am. I'm not a dumb  blond bum i'm not serious all the time or hard core. I'm kind of  well-rounded, i feel like.  Russell. Un, the leader, came in saying, "i don't want to be the leader,  guys," but he just couldn't help it. He wanted to win this game so bad.  A cog taijous enemy around camp.  And he was the first returning player to go.  I came back out here to win this thing. However, we got our butts kicked,  worst tribe ever in the "Survivor" history and to go out four  straight humiliations.  Dana. I think she could have been a great competitor, but her body just  wouldn't let her stay in it.  I can speak on her behalf, being medevaced from this game, it just leaves a  little hole inside.  I definitely think i had the heart for the game, and i think at the end it  was all heart, but i just don't think i could have went on any longer. You  can only do what you can do.  Oh, Dawson. Dawson was another very lively addition to the game of "Survivor."  a little quirky. A little out there, but definitely entertainment that i  think Kalabaw needed.  I played too passively. That's my biggest regret. But having Jeff probst  snuff my torch, i can't tell you how much i was salivating. I just wanted to  put a wet one so far up on his lips. It was a moment he and i shared. And  i'll never be the same.  Katie, great competitor. Wasn't afraid to strategize. A little bit of a potty  mouth, which i loved. I really liked Katie, but, unfortunately, she had to go  so i could stay. So thank you, Katie.  The only time i've ever camped is with girl scouts, so the fact that i stuck  it out for 16 days is, like, huge to me.  R.C., my first alliance in the game, 30 seconds into this game, R.C. Was all  over it. Unfortunately, the extreme methods of her playing became so obvious  to everybody, she instantly became a threat.  I sort of was oftrasights because i took my clue and the idol, and then  turned everyone against me. You know, you win some, you lose some. I'm not  really used to losing. ( laughs )  Jeff. Sorry to see him go. He was a good player.  He was the one that wanted returning players gone the most.  Great, great athlete.  I played baseball with some of the most spoiled brats you ever met. Maybe i  was one of them at times. But i'm proud of the fact that i have been able to  get through this game without pissing a lot of people off.  Artis.  Very, very loyal to the Tandang tribe. I think almost loyal to a fault.  Tandang was capable of literally annihilating the other two tribes, so i'm  disappointed that my tribe couldn't stay together and do what was tailor made  for us to do.  Pete. Stuck with Abi through thick and thin, and it was that which really,  really bit him in the butt in the end.  I'm definitely proud of the game they played. I wanted to be in control. And  most of the game i was in control. The turning point in the game was i kept Abi  for way too long. I really disliked her from day one, but she had the idol. I  had to stick with her, and i just made the wrong decision.  Penner. Entertainment on steroids.  Great strategic player.  Nobody wanted to sit next to him.  No.  In the find three because we knew he could create a speech that would have  knocked everyone's socks of.  I love "Survivor" and i've been one of the luckiest few people in  the world to have gotten three opportunities to play this. I regret nothing.  I've left everything on the field. You know, i gave blood, sweat, and tears  for this game. And i hold my head up high at this point.  When i met Carter, i saw a young man become a man out here. And his physical  strength and his personal character is the reason we had to write his name  down.  I was who i said i was. I work hard and i developed solid relationships with  people out here. It's unfortunate,un, that it couldn't have got me farther.  Abi. Our little brazilian firecracker.  Tumultuous and tenacious.  I'm say this for the girl-- as much as everyone wants her gone for so long,  to make it to fifth place is pretty impressive.  I was genuinely surprised that people didn't like me so much. I learned a lot  from that experience. And still went home fighting and with my head up high.  All right. Got it? Okay. There it goes. Watch the puppy burn.  Yes.  Yes.  Jeff: First things first, Malcolm. I gotta take it back. For the last time,  immunity back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you each have a qooden  cylinder that has been cut into several pieces. On my go, you'll pick up the  first piece using two handles. Your goal-- balance a ball on your center  piece of wood. Every five minutes we'll add more pieces making it more  difficult to balance the ball. If at any point the ball falls off the piece  of wood you're out of the challenge. Your shot at immunity is over. Last  person left standing wins immunity, guarantees themselves a spot at the final  tribal council where you will get to plead your case about why you deserve  the million dollars. Losers go to tribal council, where one of you will  become the final memberst jury. At the last reward challenge, Malcolm, you  battled and won an advantage in this challenge.  And he doesn't need it.  "you are allowed a second chance in this final immunity challenge.  Should you drop the ball at any point, you are not out of the challenge but  will replace the ball and start again."  oh, wow.  Wow.  Jeff: That means one second chance. If at any point, Malcolm drops his ball,  he gets one free shot to put it back on and keep going.  Wow.  Jeff: All right, take your spots. We'll get started. All right, here we go.  Pickum your handles. What you're going to do is put both sides of the handle  against that first piece of wood and pick it up. All right, in three, two,  one, pick it up. And this challenge is on. All you have to do is keep that  ball balanced. Simple little backyard game could be worth a million bucks.  Everybody looks really solid right now. All you have to do is survive another  30 seconds, and you are safe in this round. Malcolm with a little bit of a  wobble. A good recovery. 10 seconds left. Five, four, three, two, one,  everybody safe. Set down your ball. Relax your hands. All right. We're going  to add two more pieces of wood, one on either side. Go ahead and grab them  and place them. This round will be more difficult. All right. Pick up your  handles. Here we go. Three, two, one, lift. This challenge is back on. Three  pieces of wood now. A lot longer throw. Hard tore keep it balanced. Malcolm  with an advantage. If his ball drops he gets a free reset. Skupin a little bit  of the jitters. Denise, nice adjustment. Lisa rock solid. Malcolm drops his  ball. He is not out of the challenge. He has a second shot. Everybody, set  your balls down, and we will reset. Malcolm's advantage will now come into  play. This is his one opportunity for a second shot. And now we resume this  round. Everybody put your handles on the wood. Here we go. In five, four,  three, two, one. We are back on. Malcolm's second shot has kept him in this  challenge. Now everybody is on the same page. Your ball drops, you're out,  that's it. Go home. Everybody very solid. Except Malcolm. That ball still  moving around. Arms shaking. Malcolm flirting with disaster, but still alive.  Calm your body. Malcolm with another amazing recovery. Ball is almost hopping  it's moving so much. Just like that, Malcolm is out of this challenge, no  shot at immunity. His fate in this game will now rest in somebody else's  hands. Malcolm had an advantage, it gave him a second shot, and it didn't  matter. He's still the first person out of this challenge. One minute left.  We move to the next round. Skupin very steady. Lisa steady. Denise steady.  Denise, good recovery. 30 seconds. Denise drops her ball. Denise is out of  this challenge. Now we are down to two. 10 seconds left in this round. Five,  four, three, two, one. You are both safe. Set down your balls and relax.  Skupin and Lisa survive another round. Move on to round three. Two more  blocks of wood had been added. It will become much more difficult.  Come on, skup.  Jeff: Grab your handles, here we go, three, two, one, and lift. This  challenge is back on. This could be the final round right here. We are down  to Lisa and Skupin battling for the final immunity necklace. 30 seconds left  in this round. Dig deep right now. 30 seconds. Keep it together for 30  seconds. Lisa with a tiny wobble. Lisa starting to wobble a little more.  Still have 10 seconds left in this round. She's got to hang on. Five, four,  three, two, one. You're both safe. Drop your balls. Nice job, guys.  Good job, Lisa.  Jeff: We move on to the next round. We will place two more pieces now, making  this very long, very tough to balance. Here we go. Pick up your handles.  Five, four, three, two, one. Lift. And this challenge is back on. Skupin or Lisa  will go to tribal council tonight wearing the necklace. Very big decision at  tonight's tribal. You want to be the one in charge. You're in a danger zone  now. Any movement can knock that ball off. Skupin adjusting. Something's not  working, change something up. Change your breathing. Change your focus. A  little bit of movement in Lisa. That's about it. Don't think about anything,  nothing, nothing, nothing but this. This is it right here. Balancing that  little ball on these pieces of wood is all you should be thinking about right  now. Lisa drops her ball. Skupin wins final immunity. Guaranteed a spot in  the final tribal council. After returning to a game he played 12 years ago.  Skupin will get a chance to finish what he started.  Congratulations.  We made it together.  Jeff: Skupin, come on over. ( applause ) Skupin, safe at tonight's final  tribal council.  I never thought i'd hear you say that.  Jeff: You are there. You are saye safe in this game. You have gone as far as  you can go. Tonight, tribal council. You're good to go. Malcolm, Lisa, Denise,  after 38 days in the Philippines, one person will become the final member of  our jury, the other two will join Skupin at the final tribal council. I can't  wait to hear how this afternoon goes. I'll see you all tonight at tribal  council. Congrats.  You guys did, oh, my gosh. Good try, man. You tried.  I just have shaky hands. The advantage would have had to have been, "Malcolm,  you automatically win" for me to put that off. I needed to win the  immunity challenge to guarantee my spot for the final three but the minute i  get nervous around a girl or anything my hands start shaking and when i saw  my hands shaking it got worse and worse and worse. It's a disconcerting  scenario because my fate now rests with Lisa and Skupin.  You beat him.  Right when we needed it. I can't believe i did it. This win means i made to  the very, very, very end. And what i'm most proud of is the fact they all  said the same thing, Malcolm is going to win. It turns out it was not even  close. Mr. Skupin, well done.  Yeah. Now there's a ton of strategy. Who do you keep? Who do you put on the  jury? Can you get their vote? And it's up to me to make that decision.  We're all cool, yes? I'm so scared. I've had a necklace for the past week.  And i don't have one. She's going to want you all to throw votes at me.  Should we just go along with her and say yeah?  No!  No, no, i'm saying to say it.  If we're all good, i don't care. This is the first time in a long time in  this game i haven't been calling the shots. Hopefully, i've strategizewell  enough to where it doesn't matter. I have an oath from Lisa and Skupin that  they're with me, that Denise is going home. But people are out here playing a  game for a million dollars, and if they get any crazy ideas i could be in for  a nasty surprise tonight.  Is this a good opportunity. I'm still on board. Are we still good?  It's really. Meese leasa and i are tight, right.  I know.  And it's our decision between you and Malcolm.  Absolutely.  So, obviously, if you're on board with us, then it's three to one.  Then it's three to one.  If we decide to go with Malcolm, then, obviously, you're gone.  I'll be gone. I know, so my plan will be Malcolm with the hopes that you two  stay on that. I mean, i'm 100% on that.  You would be silly.  100%.  To do anything else.  I am so mad. Malcolm and i could have stayed together and split the vote,  have it be a tie, but now that's not going to happen. So my head is clearly  on the block tonight.  You will write Malcolm's name down.  It's guaranteed. The problem is Skupin is kind of the dreamer guy. His mind  is going a thousand different places and he may not always see the  repercussions. What happens if you take the best of the best of the best to  the end. So i have to figure on the a way to convince him that it's worth it to  take me with them. I'm one stubborn, determined woman. And if i can make it  happen, i'm going to make it happen.  What are you thinking, dude?  You know, there's a weird, instinctive, primitive side of me that says go  against the best. Go against the best. Go against the best.  I know.  Is there honor in beating Malcolm over beating you or Lisa? Is there any  honor in that?  I mean, there is to some extent, but will it happen? And is that a risk  that's worth taking, knowing-- if the jury votes with Malcolm, is there honor  beating him? My fear is we won't.  The obvious choice is vote Malcolm out. That seems like the obvious. But when  it comes right down to it, i would love to take Malcolm and beat him straight  up man to man, two warriors, fought to a head. He won three individual  challenges. I won three individual challenges. What a great head-to-head  battle that would be.  I have a respect for the two of you. I just feel this friendship with you and  Lisa. I'm getting all chocked up. I swear to god, it's not a ploy. This is no  ploy. I really care about both of you, and whatever you decide i will  respect, whatever you both decide. I feel there are friendships that have  formed out here that will supercede this game. Malcolm and i may have had an  alliance, but there's a difference between that and a true friendship. But  this is also a game, and you have to figure out what's best for you guys, but  you know where i'm voting.  Wow, it's such a big decision.  It is.  I just heard your comrade out, all the reasons why she should come instead of  you.  She's such a sweetheart.  Right now i haven't decided who i'm going to keep yet. I am strongly  considering keeping Malcolm. You know, my wife said to me as i was walking  out the door, make us proud of you." and i would love to get to the  final three by keeping my word, and being honorable, and come the final vote,  have her say, "you made us proud."  you know, i've told you how i feel. Why don't you tell me about what you're  thinking?  Right now. I think it's Malcolm in the finals.  Tonight, we can either bring Malcolm or Denise to the final three. Assuming Michael  and i will vote together, which is a big assumption because Skupin is a wild  card here.  He's good at that. Handing the title of sole Survivor on a platter to Malcolm  would just be stupid. Everybody who signed up to play this game came to win.  And i did, too. So after what i've been through, i'll do whatever it takes to  make sure Malcolm is not in the final three. .  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. R.C. Jeff. Artis. Pete.  Penner. Carter. And Abi, voted out at the last tribal council. So, 38 days,  one spot left in the jury, three spots at the final tribal council. Skupin,  how big a factor are alliances at this point in the game?  I mean, it's a part of the game that gets you going and gets you through the  midgame and gets you to the end game, and it's always a factor. You have to  weigh out everything.  Jeff: Denise, does it have any impact that you and Malcolm started this game  together and skupe and i know Lisa started this game together?  Absolutely. You can look at those alliances from the start, and is there a  loyalty that you hope will take you into that final three? Do you look at new  alliances that were formed with the four that got us here? And you're looking  at each layer of that. You know, the strategy, the loyalty, the alliances. I  mean, it's a great place to be but it definitely doesn't get any easier.  Jeff: Malcolm, given how you started-- you and Denise losing, losing, losing,  and you get split up and somehow you survive. There's clearly some sort of  loyalty to Denise but it's been complicated.  Yeah, the story lines gets intertwined. Everything gets mixed up. People you  were super tight with on day one you're not so tight with at the end. I was  close with angy on day one and had to cut her throat earlier than i had to  consider getting rid of Denise.  Jeff: Denise, that has to give you a bit of concern.  Absolutely, incredibly concerning. But we're like separated at birth, and  went on and lived different lives and built different relationships and luck  of the draw got back together and you hope that that loyalty is there, but  this is "Survivor." and so absolutely i'm concerned.  Jeff: Malcolm, you could read Denises comment two ways.  Any guilt i felt for what i just said is gone now. But we're in agreement. We  both had to form new relationships to survive in this graham. When we got  back together we worked together and worked together very well. It was always  to a final four end and we both new exwoou that.  Yup.  Jeff: It's interesting that there is division here, and yet over here with Lisa  and Skupin it's always seemed sort of harmonious.  Actually, our relationship has been referred to as an "open  relationship," because we have not been together all along the path. We  voted separate ways. We wanted to be together, but i didn't want to vote out  my alliance, and so he went with his new one, and then we kind of  reconnected. So it has not been a true-blue alliance all the way along.  Jeff: Malcolm, that's a little like unrequited love. "we wanted to be  together but the forces kept us apart." and suddenly that's two votes  over there.  That was a sweet story.  Yeah, i can't figure out what goes on with those two. That's how they've been  for a really long time out here. So this late in the game, reading into that  relationship is extremely difficult.  Jeff: Skupin, let's talk about favors, like Malcolm gave you this great gift.  He let your son have the "Survivor" experience. How big of an  impact will that have tonight?  You know, i told Malcolm he's got favors for life.  Jeff: Lisa, how about you. Do you think favors will play a part in tonight's  vote?  I don't think so. Because that would have to be a million-dollar favor. I  don't know that any favors have been exchanged in this game that would be  worth a million dollars or giving up the title of sole Survivor.  Jeff: So tonight, this is simply strategy for you, get out the biggest threat  to beat me.  Yes.  Jeff: Malcolm, you have to be a little concerned because you've got a great  story. "i was on the worst tribe. I won my way back. I've won some  challenges. I've done some solid favors. Seem to be likable." you could  be the biggest theft.  Yeah, i think i do have a pretty cool story if i make it past tonight. But Denise  has dun d.n.a. It one tad big better. She went to every tribal council. My  hands are dirty and a lot of people are sitting over there because i flipped.  She never had to floip anybody. She floated in the middle and she's the only Kalabaw  here so Denise is far and away more dangerous in the final three.  Jeff: Skupin Malcolm's story is very clear. I realize i'm a threat. She  dwarfs me.  It's a strong case. Malcolm and i, Denise and i, Lisa and i have run  scenarios what the other person would say when it came to the final three.  Everybody has a great story.  Jeff: Lisa, is there a reason you should take Malcolm to the end?  Don't hesitate that long. ( laughter ).  There's not a reason for me to take him to the end.  Jeff: Wow. Malcolm, how does that feel?  Uh-- it's, uh, upsetting to hear Lisa's answer. I've looked people in the  eyes and shook hands and we have deals that go beyond this game and that's  what i'm hoping takes precedence tonight.  Jeff: Well, the only person who feels safe right now is Skupin. Lisa, Denise,  Malcolm, one of you is about to become the eighth member of the jury. It is  time to vote. Denise, you're up.  Hey, Malcolm, i completely respect the way you play the game, but i tried to  approach you, and you didn't give me a commitment so i outwit you.  It sounds like it's you tonight.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. Once the votes are read, the decision  isifiable. Person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area  immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote. Malcolm. Denise. One vote Denise,  one vote Malcolm. Malcolm. Two votes Malcolm, one vote Denise. One vote left.  15th person voted out and the eighth and final member of our jury, Malcolm.  Congratulations, Denise.  Jeff: Malcolm, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  Jeff: I think it's safe to say that is one more unhappy jury member you can  add to the list of people you're going to have to sway tomorrow night. That's  the invoice for doing what they couldn't do. You made it to the end. They  didn't. You have a shot at a million dollars. They don't. You have one more  night under the stars here in the Philippines. Try to enjoy it. I'll see you  tomorrow night for your final tribal council. Grab your torches. Head back to  camp. Good night.  Maybe i pushed too hard, i leveraged too much. I had them so driven to  finally play the game and see threats that they finally saw me as a threat.  I'm pissed off that i'm not going to be at the end. Right now, it's painful  for a lifelong fan.  Oh, that was brutal!  That was my most heart wremping one yet.  Oh, she was mad. He was mad.  Yeah, really mad.  I feel badly that Malcolm was really upset, but at the same time this is that  part of the game i can say, Malcolm, you were a great ally. You played a  great game, but this is the part where i outwit you. He really sound like he  believed, like, absolutely, he was going to that final three. Thithis is the  part where i went one step past you and you can be angry but that's the game.  As hard as that was, it still feels right.  You got a little bit of a vote of confidence, though. As he was leaving  tribal council, Malcolm said congratulations on your million dollars, Denise.  Meaning she was going to run away with it. I'll have a lot to say about that  tomorrow. It's weird that you blindside your alliance from day one, and yet  you get the vote of confidence on the way out.  But you know what, tho? I'm not banking on it.  Some people might not want to vote for any one of us. I guess who can plead  their case the best is potentially the one who is going to win a million  bucks.  This is the last morning here. I do want to take it all in.  39 days.  Oh!  Wow.  Wow.  Wow!  Take it all in.  I'm glad i didn't miss this.  It was great to hike up to the cliff this morning,un, to have the three of  us, and just to sit up here and have a different perspective.  Who knew that in 39 days such significant life change could happen. Such deep  connections could be built.  Here i am this little old sex therapist from iowa, who actually has played  some strategy. And i feel like i'm thriving out here.  From a guy who has been there 39 days of an adventure you will never, ever  forget for the rest of your life.  Let's go check tree mail.  I see champagne!  Orange juice.  Ice n.  Butter!  Butter!  This isn't tree mail. This is tree meal.  Oh, my gosh.  We walked up to tree mail this morning and there was bacon and sausage and  i'll tell you, your strength starts to return just from knowing you're gog  eat. I never had sausage like this. Oh, i can't get enough.  Oh!  Wow!  23 seasons i watched this game go. And i've always wondered if i could play  this whole game strategically enough to get myself in the final three. To  amazingness.  Yes. Final three.  Final three.  I knew i could make it to the end 23 seasons ago. When i came out here, i  tried to tell myself the same thing. But thought of doubt kept creeping in  because i every time i got around a campfire i thought, don't fall in the  sucker. But i'm here, and it feels good to be here.  Wow, this has been a great final three, though. I feel really good about this  final three. Just the-- the camaraderie between the three of us.  I like to think there's no runaway.  No, there's no runaway. It truly could go any direction. You know, i left  show business, got married, raised my kids, and that was a thing of my past.  And now i'm back in the game of "Survivor." and you would think  that it would feel very similar, but it's nothing like what i experienced  growing up as a child because on the "facts of life" i had a role.  I had a script. I played a character. I didn't have to worry about me.  All right.  Ah!  I didn't really realize how much of your exphaert your soul and your spirit  and your body are involved in this game, that your head is just a little  bitty part of it. And yet it's a huge part of it when it comes to winning the  game. The overwhelming feeling is one of gratitude. I mean, of the 18 that  started, there are only three that get to experience day 39. This is just a  rare privilege, and i'm very aware and humbled that i get to experience  something so incredible.  Wow. We did it, guys. The members of our jury. R.C. Jeff. Artis. Pete.  Penner. Carter. Abi. And Malcolm, voted out at the last tribal council.  Welcome to your final tribal council. You have done what 15 other people in  this game couldn't do-- you made it to the end. Tonight, the power in this  game shifts to the jury. Eight people that you had a hand in voting out now  hold your fate in their hands. They will decide who's most worthy of the  title of sole Survivor and the million-dollar check that goes along with it.  Your job tonight, convince them it is you that deserves it. Here's how it's  going to work. You will each get to make an opening statement. Then the jury  gets their chance to address you. Then we vote. Opening statements. Denise.  Let me start by telling all of you the one thing i'm not going to do tonight  is make any apology for being a part of this final three. I'm not only proud  to be here but i truly feel like i deserve to be here. I've been able to adapt  and assimilate not just in one tribe, two tribes, but three tribes. My Ability  to do that gave me time not only to build initial alliances but sub  alliances. It gave me time to prove to different tribes i had value and a  relationship to keep me around as a workhorse at camp and a value as  strategist positive i wasn't afraid to make moves in the end that may have  upset people and changed the game. At the end of the day, i'm the one sitting  up here that has survived every think tribal council. And i'm still sitting  here. I have outwit many of you. I have outplayed many of you. And  ultimately, i did outlast all of you. And i believe that i deserve the title  of sole Survivor.  Jeff: Lisa.  I feel like we all outwitted, outplayed, and outlast. We just did it in  different ways. And it's yours to judge which strategy deserves the title of  sole Survivor and the million dollars. My strategy was certainly not pretty.  I mean, it was basically run wide open and then just fall down and then get  up and dust myself off, adjust, learn something, and run some more. But i did  play my own game. Unfortunately, one of the big mistakes i feel hike i made  was not following my heart, but it wasn't until my brother came and he said,  "you need to trust your gut and remember this is a game." and it  just hit me. I hadn't trust my gut. And i had forgotten it was a gim. And  from that point on, i switched. I needed to play this game worthy of the  game. It would be like being in a boxing ring and being afraid to throw a  punch because i might hurt somebody. And so, at the end, i finally got it. I  learned. I grew. And threw a punch that knocked out the heavied weight  champion of this season, and sat me here. So i know it wasn't a pretty game.  But i learned, i grew, and i'm proud of the final game that i played at the  end.  Jeff: Skupin.  Returning player-- after watching the returning Survivors and some of the  successes, i started to think i've got the call too late because returning  players have found success in this game, and everybody wanted returning  players to not progress farther than they did. So i did things with such #-r  fire because i knew that my back was up against a wall more so than anybody  out here. I think i played my guts out. I mean, i got pieces of mask sticking  in my face. I had to respect the core of this game. Outwit, outplay, outlast.  I can't play this game any other way. I love this game too much. And i know  you guys do, too.  Jeff: All right, jury, now your first opportunity to address Lisa, Skupin,  and Denise. I'll give you a moment to gather your thoughts. And we'll get on  with it. Long time for the opportunity to address Lisa, Skupin, and Denise.  Your job tonight is to gather the information you need to make a very big  decision, which one of these three is most deserving of the title of sole Survivor  and the million dollars that goes along with the win? Let's get started.  Artis, you're up first.  Normally, this is the part of the game where you would be congratulated for  making it where you are. Unfortunately, i cannot do that. Because if you  started the game with this holy than thou attitude, talking about loyalty and  you played a game totally contradictory to that you you are reaping what you  sow. If you say you're going to do something and don't do it, you suffer the  consequences. Me? I made alliances but i held true to all of my alliances.  And the beauty of this game is, when it's all said and done, karma is a  bitch.  Jeff: Carter.  What's up, guys?  .  Hey, Carter.  Lisa, people kind of looked to you as an easy target right away, and yet  you're sitting here. And i say good job for that. I truly mean it. Skupin,  same boat. Hit the beach, and your name was tossed around more than anyone's.  And you didn't go home. You're here. I know there's bitterness, and i know it  sucks being up here, the pain people feel and pouring that on you, but i do  feel like you guys played a good game. Skupin, we were really close, and i  kind of want to know what your thought was on when you found out i was going  home. I just want to know what you have to say about that.  Hart t Carter, i have to say i can't imagine you could have played the game  harder. You were so likable and so selfless. When we talked about you, there  wasn't any reason to keep you if any of us wanted to have a shot. Friendships  and game at some point have to be separated. And the hard estvotes out here  are a vote like we had to get rid of you one day.  Thanks, man. I appreciate that. Seriously.  Jeff: Pete, you're up.  Hi, guys. Lisa, i feel like you have been hiding behind the fact saying,  "i never voted forArtis. I never voted for Pete." but it's kind of  like a judas situation where you kind of didn't vote for us, but you kind of  knew that we were going home.  I did not know thatArtis was going home. So that night i wrote down Penner's  name. I did not know Artis was the one that was in the crosshairs and i had  made a decision to not go with them, knowing it would cost me probably a  million dollars. So i'm glad i had a chance it clear that up.  Okay. Denise, i'd like to hear why your game was better than Skupin's and Lisas  and why you deserve a million dollars.  Going from tribe to tribe to tribe, i think i was definitely forced to play a  much more strategic game. That social part of the game became vital because i  had to figure out a way to show that i had a reason to stay in the tribe air,  reason to help them stay strong. Getting to the merge, same thing. I should  have been, along with the rest of the Kalabaw tribe, we should have been the  first ones to go, not R.C. I mean, truly, had we come into this tribe of  solid seven, you guys could have picked us off one by one. But there were  fractures, and i worked with that. I was forced to by changing tribes  multiple times.  Jeff: Thanks, Pete. R.C.  Lisa. The woman from day one, second one on the raft i wanted out because you  were so smart and so sort of sneaky and sweet that i knew this was going to  happen. So i'm not surprised you're sitting here because i identified day  one. And you were able to out manufacture, out wit, outplay, out think  everyone. So i'm everywhere proud of you and congratulations.  Thank you, R.C.  Michael. On day 19, was there something that you maybe should have told me?  On day 19, Penner was going home. I had no idea you were going home.  You didn't know my name was being written down?  No, i knew Penner was going and that's what i knew and i thought it was a  complete mindside and that's the way they voted. I would never have wanted to  get rid of you.  Thank you, guys. Congratulations again.  Jeff: Thanks, R.C. Malcolm.  All right.  Hi, guys. I didn't have questions until this thing started, but Lisa came out  and gave her opening speech she was swinging for the fences. I didn't think  she had it in her but it was exactly what i wanted to hear from her, and for  the first time i really considered writing your name down tonight. Denise you  needed-- don't nod. I'm telling you right now, don't nod. Don't nod. This  appeasing everybody thing has to stop. You've been doing it since day one.  That's what you do for a living. You're a therapist. But now i want to hear  how you're going to win this game, how you played better and why you deserved  it more, and i don't want this appeasing thing, this trying to play nice,  trying to keep friends through the entire process.  How did i outwit or outplayed these two. You're right, being a therapist is  what i do, and some of that is appeasing because there is value in this game  to playing that social piece. But there's also value in just listening and  observes to what people say. That's a part of who i am that i couldn't not  bring into the game. So it may seem appeasing but i was playing the game  every step of the way. And i'm sitting here and you're standing there.  You got hung up on one word. That's not what i asked at all. The question was  how did you beat these two?  By the strategy they played. By the strategy of being here. I i don't think  they played that kind of a strategic game.  Thanks.  Jeff: Thanks, Malcolm. Jeff.  There's no doubt that we all share a little bit of bitterness, some at  different levels than others because we're sitting here and you guys are  sitting there. I'm a little bitter, too, but i can handle it really well.  Skupin, i've learned throughout my life and career that there are three kinds  of people. People that make things happen. People that watch things happen.  And people that wonder what the hell just happened. ( laughter ). Which one  are you? Give me some examples in the game of which one you are.  I would definitely say make things happen. I mean, one of my family motos is  are you going to watch the news today or make the news? And one of the things  they think was huge here is my neck was chopping block every single day. When  i look at Lisa and Denise's game, i never heard Denise's graham namebrought up.  When my name came up, i had to shift or create or try and do things and my  name came up every single time until Penner left.  Lisa, give me a reason why, maybe some examples of how you didn't play in the  middle, how you did float along like Denise that separates the two of you?  I can't even recall a time i floated in the middle. I maybe should have  floated in the middle because i was pretty wide open the whole time. I was  the first one to make a major move when i found out Malcolm had the idol and  i went to Pete and said this is time to blindside him. We had it all planned  and in the last 15 minutes it blew up. Pete had a plan b. And that was to  send you home, which still was good, because it would keep our Tandang  numbers--  that's fine on that. But i think that proves my example here. You tried to  make something happen. You couldn't make it happen, so you just agreed with  everybody else, which means you just floated by.  No, that's not true at all. I agreed because it was still, along with my  plan, which was keep Tandang numbers strong. So you were on Kalabaw, so that  was a great plan, and i played it hard from here. I said we've got plan b,  gietz. Go with plan b. That's not floating in the middle standing up here and  saying we've got plan b, let's go with plan b. That's pretty vocal.  All right. Thanks, Jeff.  Jeff: Abi, you're up.  Hello, guys.  Hi.  Hi.  I was called to be the most unlikable person in the tribe by the three of  you. 7 my heart's broken. Lisa, why do you think you're deserving of a million  dollars? Why do you think i should write down your name because i really  don't know who i'm going to vote for tonight.  I believe i'm deserving of your vote becausist absolutely true to the end  with this alliance, and planned to go all the way the final four with that  alliance. Until it disintegrated. And if that had worked, you and Artis and Peter  and i would be sitting in the final four. That's why i believe i deserve your  vote.  Michael, why do you think i should give you a million dollars tonight or do  you even care they would write your name down or not?  I believe that i deserve your vote because what this game is about, it's  about outwit, outplay, outlast. And i believe if you look at those three  principles, there's nobody sitting up here that did that remotely even close  to what i did in this game.  But i don't believe one of the core values of the game is out-disrespect.  I don't believe it is, either.  Thank you. Denise, you made very clear that you didn't dnot respect my game,  that i was an unlikable person, being the most unlikable person is not the  label that i wanted to leave here with. I was demoralized. I was made to look  this little.  Hindsight is 20-20. And as much as there may be many sentiments in what i  said, that i still stand behind, there may have been a different way for me  to handle it. And i do apologize. If you were truly traumatize by that, if  you were truly demoralized by that, i do apologize. Because that's not my  attention. But when we present our strategies, just didn't mesh.  Thank you.  Jeff: Thanks, Abi. Penner.  All right, let's end this thing. Guys, hi. Congratulations. Obviously, we all  wish we were sitting there. As Jeff says, there is some vestige of fury? Of  course there is. How can there help but be. We've all given our hearts and  souls to this game, some of us a tremendous amount of heart and soul. And to  see anyone but ourselves sitting there looking at anyone else is painful.  That said, you have my heart felt congratulations. I know what's going on  tonight is hard. Smart people asking tough questions. I will hope to continue  that tradition. ( laughter ) Denise, we've had a lot of time together. I'm a  little confused by some of what you said tonight, appeasing is what happened.  You shared with me once that the one thing that you were sort of afraid of  being seen as was a bitch. You can rest assured that you have now shown the  world that side. Skupin, you're sitting here telling us how your name kept  coming up and how you were threatened all the time. I don't think your name--  and you guys will correct me if i'm wrong eye don't think your name has been  written down one time in this entire game. I have the proud distinction of  having my name written down i believe 15 times. ( laughter ). Which may be a  record-- no, i think phillip shepard has more times, but i may have close to  a record, 15 times my name is written down. So i know that you're sitting  here saying that there was this big target on your back, but however you  scrambled or dissem beld, backstabbed and flip-flopped, you were able to  avoid having your name written down even once. You may find that you have a  perfect record, even after tonight. Lisa, my friend, we got close out here.  We both know that we did. Would you like to share with everybody or shall i?  Either one. I'll be happy to because i-- i mean, i don't--  no, no, i don't want to shame you, summer.  It's not a shame.  No, no, of course not. You should be proud.  Yeah.  Lea was a television star. She spent nine years on the television program  "the facts of life." from the age of 12 to the age of 21, she was  america's sweetheart-- still may be. You guys deserve to know that when you  vote or don't vote for her that she has kept that from all of you, and i kept  your secret safe until now.  Can i ask you a question?  Anything you want?  Did you reveal to any of us what you did as a teenager, what job you had as a  teenager, like 25 years ago? Or did you talk more about who you are now, what  you've been doing, and what you bring to the game now?  I didn't talk about when i went to the bathroom 16 days-- there's a lot of  things i didn't talk about, either. My life, would you really like to hear  now? Should we take the time and i can talk about what diwhen i was 12 to 21.  If you guys are interested, i don't think it's going to affect the outcome  tonight. Maybe later i'll tell you all about it. I think that one of you has  ridden the other two in here. Like oxen. You have been yoked to a cart and  have been ridden in, and now you will be led to the slaughter. And you hear  the cheering. You think the million dollars is yours. One of you is right.  One of of you is standing in the chariot. And the other two are actually just  the oxien listening to the crowd cheering the other person. I'm done.  Jeff: All right, jury. A very lively final tribal council. Hopefully, you  gathered the information you need to now make a very big decision. Which one  of these three-- Lisa, Skupin, or Denise-- do you think most deserves to win  this game and the million dollars that goes along with it? I'm going to give  you a moment to gather your thoughts. We'll come back and we will vote. Lisa,  Skupin, Denise. You had your chance to address the jury. The jury has had  their chance to address you. We now get to the vote. Jury, you are voting for  a winner. The person's name who you write down you think is most deserving of  winning this game and the million dollars that goes with it. 39 days of  "Survivor" can take a tremendous toll on a person. For one of you,  it's about to be worth it. For the last time, it is time to vote. Jeff,  you're up.  The minute i got on the raft i wanted you gone because i knew what a threat  you were. So you certainly deserve this vote.  You played a pretty flawless game. My congratulations to you. It hurts, but  did you great. 'Re  i hope other people recognize the type of game you played out here.  Jeff: I'll go get the votes. Thank you for a great season of "Survivor."  i will see everybody back in the states for the reading of the votes. (  cheers and applause )  Jeff: Thank you! Thank you. Everybody have a seat. Thank you for that nice  welcome. Okay. We are live in los angeles, and tonight i will read the votes,  and there laib winner of "Survivor: Philippines." but before we get  to that, we're going to take a moment of silence for the victims and the  families of the tragedy that occurred on friday in newtown, connecticut.  Jeff: Thank you. Okay. It is time to read the votes. ( applause ) ( cheers ) Lisa,  Skupin, Denise. Here we go. First vote, Lisa. ( cheers and applause ) Denise  ( cheers and applause ) one vote Lisa, one vote Denise. Skupin. ( cheers and  applause ) one vote Lisa, one vote Skupin, one vote Denise. Denise. ( cheers  and applause ) two votes Denise, one vote Lisa, one vote Skupin. Denise. (  applause ) three votes Denise, one vote Lisa, one vote Skupin. The winner of  "Survivor: Philippines," Denise.  I'm so proud of you. Go hug your family.  Jeff: The live reunion show is next.