<br/>* *  Jeff: We are one n one of the most beautiful and remote locations in the  world, the Philippines. Here, thousands of islands scattered over the  southeast asian sea are home to waters and rain forests filled with countless  animals both beautiful and dangerous. Amidst the serenity of this majestic  rand scape, furious storms can arrive without warning. It is here where 15  americans-- already divided into three tribes-- have begun the adventure of a  lifetime.  I'm Jeff kent. I played 17 years of major league baseball. I played in the  world series where we had screaming fans on their feet with bases loaded.  I've seen pressure. This is going to be a challenge for me, no doubt. I'm  hoping people won't recognize me.  You know, i have people come up to me all the time and ask me about  frankenstein. He picked a little girl a flower. He strangled her after he  gave it to her but, still, he picked her a flower. That's the way i feel  about myself, i could strangle you or pick you a flower, it depends on what  you pull out of me.  My name is Lisa whelchel and i played a character called blair warner on  "the facts of life." she would never in a million years be on  "Survivor" but i'm very different. I'm a huge fan of "Survivor."  i've never missed a show. I'm not going to say i was on "the facts of  life" as a kid. I'm getting to be Lisa.  Jeff: "Survivor" is the most thrilling adventure game on  television. It's also the most dangerous.  Can you hear me? Bobby john?  Get him!  Jeff: Over 24 seasons, many of those who started the game were unable to  finish.  I can't believe this.  Jeff: Pulled from the game with one question in their hearts: What could have  been? What these castaways don't know is that three former players are  returning for a second shot to finish what they started.  The last time i played--  whoa! Russell? You with me?  "Survivor" smacked me in the chops.  Russ? You with us?  This time i'm smacking back. Either these people will run with me or i'm  gonna have to run them over. That's it.  I got injured in a challenge.  An infection that goes into your bloodstream is potentially fatal.  It was awful.  Couldn't have done any better, could haven't fought any harder. Do you know  how on fire i am to win this thing? You know how much i can taste this? You  know how i can actually see it? 39 days from now i'll make a million dollars.   The whole 18 days that i was on "Survivor" in the australian  outback was such an amazing even which you are. Our tribe was winning and the  killing of the wild boor was a big accomplishment but i think the world saw  that me falling in the fire was my greatest failure. I didn't see it that  way.  He's burned pretty bad.  Oh, my god!  Keep his hands in the water! (screaming)  i think to dwell on "what if" would cheat what the adventure was  for me. But i'm in love with the fact that i'm able to come out here and do  it again.  Jeff: Will the veterans have what it takes to be the soul Survivor? Or will a  new castaway emerge to claim the million-dollar prize? 39 days, 18 people,  one Survivor!  Jeff: Welcome to "Survivor: Philippines". (cheers and applause) the  guy in the maroon shirt, what's your name?  Jeff.  Jeff: What do you make about seeing three tribes, not the normal two?  Panic. You've only got-- right now we've only got five teammates. If you're  losing the-- losing tribe going to tribal council, there will be a lot of  panic going on real quick.  Jeff: Guy smack dab in the middle. What's your name?  Zane.  Jeff: Zane, i know you got something to say.  I'm happy with three tribes. As long as it ain't celebrities. (laughter).  Jeff: .  I do get recognized a lot. Even if only one person recognize nasa will travel  through my tribe so i want to keep this secret.  Jeff: Woman in the back with the blue dress.  Roxanne.  Jeff: This is a social game for sure but it's a physically demanding game.  Have you seen the toll this game can take?  Absolutely.  Jeff: What's the worst you've seen on this show?  A guy passing out in the middle of a challenge and he just cannot recover and  he doesn't want to leave the game at all and even in his clear to ya he's  like "please, no, no matter what don't take me out of the game."  Jeff: Over 24 seasons many players have seen their shot at a million dollars  cut short because they had to be evacuated for medical reasons. Three of  those players are returning for a second shot. They will be playing with you.   Right behind probst pulls up another boat with previous contestants and i'm  such a huge fan of the show. I'm thinking to myself, okay, are you dreaming?  Jeff: Russell swan "Survivor: Samoa" passed out in front of me due  to severe dehydration. His heart rate plummeted. Doctors had no choice but to  intervene and pull him from the game. Jonathan Penner in "Survivor: Fans  versus favorites" suffered a life-threatening infection. Much to his  disappointment, doctors pulled him from the game. Going all the way back to  season two. "Survivor: Australia" he was tending to the fire, took  in too much smoke, momentarily fainted, hands first into the tribe fire with  skin dripping off of his fingers was airlifted out, pulled from the game. All  three of these players were leaders on their tribe and all three have one  thing none of the rest of you have: Experience. Russell, here's a buff and  map to your new home. You are on the blue tribe. (cheers and applause) your  tribe name is Matsing. Head over and say hello.  What's up, family? What's your maim?  Malcolm.  What's up, man?  Jeff: Jonathan Penner, you're on the red tribe. Your tribe name is Kalabaw,  go say hello. (cheers and applause)  i'm Jonathan.  Jeff: That leaves you. Your tribe name is Tandang. Go say hello. (cheers and  applause)  welcome!  The yellow tribe caught my eye instantly. I recognized Lisa from the show  that i watched when i was growing up.  I'm Lisa, i'm a tpaoupblg fan of yours!  Her show name blair almost came off my lips.  How are your hands? Let me see them. Are they good?  They're good. Took a while.  We got you covered this time!  Jeff: Skupin, you are one of the originals in this game. Season two. What's  it feel like to be back here getting another shot?  It almost feels like the first time again. It's amazing to be here. I mean, i  can't believe it. It's good.  Jeff: All right, hidden immunity idols are in play this season. You know what  kind of impact they can have on the game but as always the question is where  are they hidden? All right, this boat is loaded with supplies that will help  make your life a little easier. You have 60 seconds to gather as many  supplies as you can, get your raft and get overboard. Your time starts now.  There's fruit, there's chickens, there's wood. Get what you want, start  getting stuff towards your raft.  Guys, get a machete if you see one. Coconuts.  Penner yelling out instructions.  Take it up, take it up.  Jeff: Skupin untying a lot of knots.  Anything with a blade. Any blade. Any blade.  Jeff: Ten second left.  Before what happens?  Jeff: Before you've got to get off the boat, brother, you've played this game  before!  Yeah!  Bring it! Bring it!  Jeff: All right, start getting stuff overboard, drop your rafts.  Okay, cut it! Cut it!  Is your leg okay, buddy? Got twisted?  Jeff: The red tribe loses everything as their raft goes in.  It's all right. We'll get it all. Grab that!  Jeff: Everybody off this boat.  Here, here!  Jeff: Five, four, three, two, one. Get off.  I got it!  Jeff: Let's look for the chicken.  I got him. (screaming)  keep counterbalanced, we lose everything.  I got it!  See you out there, guys! Good luck to you.  Is it broken? Is it twistd?  I heard it popping, i don't know if that was the bamboo or my knee but we'll  see. We start with returning players from injury and within the first three  minutes my knee is pin and i could have possibly torn my m.c.l. This is too  bad to believe. If my teammates smell blood they're going to kick me off this  island real fast. There's no doubt about the fact that i am just absolutely  thrilled to be here again. I feel blessed. Welcome home, people! So the last  time i played this game i was in this leadership role but this time the whole  leadership ain't gonna happen. All right, guys, listen, i mean, i tried to do  this leadership thing before. Look what that got me. (laughs) so no leaders  here, we're all a team. I don't care what they do. They can vote for chief,  they can vote for two chiefs, they can vote for high supreme. Whatever it is,  i'm not going to be it. Let's just get this stuff, get it here and we'll  figure out what we want to do. All right?  I'll carry whatever y'all want me to.  My plan is to feel them out and if this leadership thing comes up throw it at  the guy who doesn't realize that leadership is a good thing. Because there's  always some guy who's an idiot. "i think i should be the leader."  "okay, you're right, you're the man. Thank you, my hero!" just  watch them crash and burn. Dumbny. (laughs) the idea is you want it to just  break where it's scored. What i want is something underneath that's gonna sit  on this. You don't want to try to cut on the knuckle?  You don't?  No! Knuckle is the hardest part to cut.  What we'll do, have the fire pit down like closer to that part of the tree  down there.  Russell keeps telling us that he's not the leader but he's the one sitting  there saying "okay, guys, take a five-minute break, drink some  water." like, okay, we have to listen to him.  You look like you know what you're doing.  (laughs)  we do need a leader but i just feel like we should all just work together not  like for him.  If anybody wants to have at that!  You want to give that shot.  I lived in micronesia for a year. I've done it before. I lived in micronesia  teaching e.s.l. To elementary school kids. I wasn't roughing it anything like  this but i can do the fire, i can do palm fronds, coconuts, things like that.  Take it slow and smooth, get a feel for what you'll be doing. Just getting  the wood warm. A.  They're sharing fire?  Yeah.  It's starting to smell.  Got a little smoke, keep going, atta boy! Come on. All right. Let's see it.  You're still smoking, we got it.  Oh, my damn!  Come on!  Who's starting the fire?  Grass.  Whoa!  Russell--  come in, nicely done!  Kicked some ass.  Thank you, people. Guess what we have?  Fire! (cheers and applause)  we made fire in the first, like, 45 minutes we were here. I would give my  butt to know if anybody else has got fire. You just can't beat it.  Brother knows how to work. Just tell me. I'll work for you, just tell me what  to do sometimes.  High five all the way around.  You've always got to believe it.  Day one, we got the fire going. Russell is the one who did it which works out  in a way because he wants to be the leader so bad and everything has to be  way he wants it done. So when he was the one who actually got the fire going,  in a way a little bit of a target came off my back because i'm not a threat  to him.  Right now i think the game is just be nice to Russell and make him feel good  about being the leader.  Whatever.  Whatever.  I let him build a fire. So it's kind of a blessing he's the one who pulled it  off and he's on cloud nine, whatever planet he's living on.  Yeah! (cheers and applause)  oh, my god!  That was just fantastic.  Good job.  What a bountiment let's get everything off and the three of us can maybe just  get it up above this tideline.  I think i left my knee at the boat getting off. We launched that boat, i was  trying to hold our gear on the boat itself and my leg got stuck and i got  flipped over and-- i've played hurt my whole career. I've had surgeries on my  knees. Getting on this sand and walking around right now, my knee wants to  buckle on the inside. So i ain't-- it just did it again. I ain't feeling too  good. That medial ligament i think is hurt. You've got to be kidding me. I  don't want anybody to know i'm hurt. I'm trying to play it off as best i can  for now.  How are you doing?  Good.  What are we thinking about right in here?  Yeah, that will work.  Ready? One, two, three. Nice. Nice, good job.  I'm looking at this as my job. This is early game, it's a marathon. Because  this is such a crazy twist of the game starting with three tribes throws the  whole thing up in the air. To get to do this again, this is so much fun for  me and so rewarding. The opportunity to come out here and do this, even with  these new folks, they seem very cool.  It's righteous, y'all.  Is it good?  Take a zip of this.  I'm looking forward to kicking some a ++s with them. It's very moving. It's  moving to be here. It's moving to be doing this again. It's a beautiful  thing.  I know Jonathan, he's a good guy. It's all good. But if anybody's going to  win this game it ought to be one of us. He's a veteran. Do we want a veteran to  win or one of us to win?  He's right.  Survival skills he brings to us, maybe we use him for a couple days, after  that maybe we think about, okay.  We've got the hang of this.  We've got shelter, fire, we've got food.  I agree.  Not that Jonathan's not a good guy but the mere fact that he's a returning  third-time player, i think he's had his time and i think that i'd like to see  one of us win it if it's possible. So he's out as soon as we can get him out.  (laughter)  got it!  Go, go, go!  When i looked at the three different tribes, my tribe is the one i would have  picked. I think we have a really good mix of brains and brawn. There's a lot  of people that said maybe you should never play again because now you're  opening yourself up to that-- the legend of what i was to what i am today. So  it's a huge risk. But it's what drives me.  Clear back there? Clear?  I think that we should maybe be around here, what do you think?  I mean, that's what i think but.  I think around here is better.  I'm definitely an all or nothing type girl and i'm here to play the game no  matter what. I definitely clicked with certain people. Abi is fantastic and i  trust her. I know you're not supposed to trust everybody in this game but you  have to trust somebody. I'm so happy you're on the same tribe with me.  I know! I was telling everyone that you're the sexy librarian. What do you do  in new york?  I'm an executive assistant.  I used to be one!  I'm telling people i'm an executive assistant because i don't want people to  know i'm a banker. There's such a negative connotation about bankers and wall  street but to be a great investment banker you have to have the killer  instinct. Because you always have to be on your toes in new york, hailing a  cab in the rain in six-inch heels. So if i can handle wall street i can  certainly handle "Survivor."  who should we bring in our alliance.  I like Skupin.  Skupin?  He's done this before.  Yeah, him for sure. Yeah. But who else? I really think that Peter's strong  and he's a little bit--  dumb?  (laughs) yeah, we should have him. You and i for sure.  We could win together.  Together.  Abi and i just connect on a good level and so hopefully that continues  throughout the entire game. But who knows how long it will last.  Okay, we're on the same page.  I came to the united states about 12 years ago. I have a very strong  brazilian accent.  Can you cut this in half for me, please? Hopefully i can use it as a  flirtatious tool. Maybe my ass is too big. Yeah, i think it is! My big  brazilian booty.  Abi keeps staring at me and i think that's going to be a big advantage. She  definitely looks like she's ready to play some evil games. She's pretty hot.  She could definitely do some damage.  So that's it.  I just like-- i don't trust the older lady and-- let's go back up so they  don't get curious.  It's day one, me and Abi and Pete, we already have an alliance and i think  it's a pretty solid alliance. But what i'm looking for is a strong four so  we've got the majority. I'm a huge fan of the show and i really do think that  we can't lose with you on our team and i don't think we can lose with you in  an alliance. So we were thinking Abi, Pete, me and you.  We might as well start somewhere, that sounds like a good place to start. My  strategy coming into this was make sure that you go with the game. If your  tribe is moving slow, go slow with them. Don't be the person that just jumps  out in the lead.  I think you're fantastic.  Thanks.  Good, i'm glad i'm on your side.  This is a little bit foreign to me, the three-man alliance. But the three  younger people move fast. I feel like i have to move fast with them or i'm in  big trouble. Ground, take a quick look at it, see if you've got spiders or  scorpions or ants on it. In texas, everything bites.  What part of texas are you from?  Right in the middle. Austin.  Austin's not so bad.  I got a ranch down south, south of san antonio.  You'll be quite the useful fellow around here.  Coming into the group and looking around at the rest of them i don't see any  other tatted up people with spikey hair.  I shoot with a bow.  He's from the south. I'm from the south. He has a ranch and i grew up riding  four wheelers, fishing. I'd fight any boy in the trailer park that would ever  challenge me. Here, i'll take over for a minute. Maybe me and Jeff can pull  some southern roots together and bond on that.  Mike, hand me that-- can you hand me the one you threw away for a hammer?  Yeah.  Being a baseball player could be a disadvantage to me. There's a lot of  baggage that goes along with it. You made money so you don't need the money.  But this game is not about who deserves a million bucks because you're in  debt or don't have a lot of money.  You got it, Jeff!  Come on!  I've been a fan of the show for a long time and i want to play the game. I've  been out of baseball for four years now and i love to comPete. I don't need  the million bucks, but i'd sure like to be the sole Survivor. Are you a fan  of the show?  I am a fan of "Survivor."  i just can't imagine you sitting around on your ranch watching "Survivor."   well, it was kind of a dare from a buddy of mine. They had an audition in  austin so i sent in a motocross tape.  Tell us about your mow toe cross.  I used to spend time with a guy who was really into baseball and i know who Jeff  kent is. But there's been no mention of him being a former professional  athlete who's made probably $30 million in his career.  Well, i'm not one of the pro guys. I don't make money racing biking, it's a  hobby. How i make my money is selling motorcycles.  I don't think the other tribe members know and i think Jeff likes it that  way. But i will tell him that i know. As soon as it backs valuable to me.  You're getting your pants wet.  That's okay.  Take it off.  I don't want to take it off!  Make her get naked! (laughter)  i've always thought oh, i would so love to be on "Survivor." not  only have i ever not missed a season, i've never missed a show. You're from  texas?  Born and a raised.  I don't plan to volunteer that i was on a television series because nobody  will give me a million dollars because they feel like i've already had my 15  minutes of fame. And i don't know if i have what it takes to play the game in  a cutthroat way so i have to play to my strength. I'm trying to connect with  each person on a one-on-one basis.  I actually have a ministry for moms so i write books and go and speak to  groups of moms of young children and encourage them.  How long have you been doing this for?  About ten years.  Wow.  We filmed the last episode of "the facts of life" in march of '88, i  got married in july of '88 and i left that behind. I lost the money i made on  "the facts of life." i had a bunch of money invested, a lot of it  kind of went the way of the '80s crash and that is just-- has haunted me for  20 years.  Fire, water, shelter. Who knows how to make a fire?  I'll give it a try. Being on "Survivor" at this season of my life  is a god send because i've been running and running from the time i was a  little kid to slow down and go inside and to find out, okay, what-- who am i?  Am i more than a mom? Am i more than a child star?  I think she's getting the fire going.  I hope she gets it.  So i'm excited about the game because i love the game. But on a whole other  level i'm really excited about what's going to change inside me.  Lisa, we're going to take-- you want to come with?  Well, i don't mind keeping working on the fire. If you want me to come with  you, i will.  If you get a fire going, you're the queen.  I will keep working on it.  Lisa is like this very beautiful older woman and it's like she doesn't hang  out with us and then she'll go off on her own. So i think it's hard to trust Lisa  and i think it's easy to sort of make her a scapegoat. I don't trust her. I  think she says things to sort of, like, put you off and make you feel like  you really like her and she's like just here to smile and have a good time.  But she's a smart player. Do not underestimate Lisa at all.  Lisa's way famous. Like, worldwide famous. Like her show was on everyday for  years and years and years and years and she should be playing that trump card  because young impressionable people might be, wow, i'm kind of wow. But maybe  her show was so old they wouldn't even know who she is anyways even if she  told them.  Four of us definitely.  Yes.  We need an alliance name. (laughs)  i don't know her strategy fully for not revealing who she is but i want to!  I recognized you instantly.  Yeah, okay, good.  I'd love Lisa to stay because i more from an age standpoint fit with her and  i'm sort of waiting for her to start playing, to start bonding. Her name  comes up in a discussion of who do you want to be voted out first. I don't  want it to be her. But if i'm going to get with the team that's playing the  game i've got to go with the game. As opposed to your heart.  Where did you say you were from?  Virginia.  Virginia?  Yes, ma'am! I was always the kind of person that school didn't make a whole  lot of sense to me. If i was going to do something for eight hours a day i  wanted to get paid, you know what i mean? I dropped out when i was about 17  and i went to work at a junkyard.  I'm glad you're in my tribe because i was really curious about you.  I'm a licensed sex therapist. Being a therapist, i'm curious about Zane  because at first you go, god, this guy is trouble but then you look closer  and you go, okay, wait a minute, look closer at those tattoos. He's lost  somebody, there's a death date of somebody on his arm and he's got the  serenity prayer on his hands so part of me is kind of hoping, this guy's got  some story. If nothing else, i'm curious about his story.  Hey, and you know, it ain't too early to make alliances.  I like you.  I like you already.  I like you already, and i want to know more about your tats. I like it, Zane.  I think we've got a plan.  Nice to know you're in the corner. I've worked in retail a lot, in a  junkyard, now i'm retreading tires. But all the jobs i've had, it gives you a  chance to be able to interact with everybody. From a crackhead selling $3  worth of cans to a million dollar businessman. Let's make us a little pile  right here. All the jobs, they all form together to make me the perfect  "Survivor" player. Promise me and you, i think now's the time.  Yeah, i think so, too.  You seem tough as my tattoos. I think me and you can do it, you know what i  mean?  Okay, i think so, too.  You in my corner now?  Yes, yes, i am. Zane's interesting. Zane's the guy that i didn't think that  would be my favorite. But i feel like Zane's pretty honest when he's with me  but Zane could just be a really good people person! How are we doing on  alliances?  I haven't formed any, have you?  No, i haven't.  Well, i like you.  All right!  I haven't told anyone that.  You just keep me right there and i'll keep you, okay?  I got you if you got me, okay?  I got you.  Hey, while we're over here by ourselves i think an alliance needs to stay  right here. We're the strongest, you know what i mean? If there's any weak  ties i don't think it should be the three of us first. Just to let you know  so you know i'm not coming from left field and trying to voodoo you. I've  grabbed alliances with all of them. So it's easy for me to take any one of  them in if you want to.  Okay, i like this three.  I like this three.  I'm not doing that flip-flop thing.  I'm not neither, okay?  That's what i expect.  I'm in.  Cool.  Hey, you got experience and he's a bar tender from georgia. (laughter) i'm  already a superstar. Made alliances with everybody on the tribe and everybody  seems to think that i'm their only alliance.  That makes me very happy. That saves my life.  It's up to me now to pick them apart. Whoever i'm ready to send home after  this first challenge, that's the end of it, you know? I mean it's just  pecking order.  Zane came up to me and Russell at the fire and the first thing he says is  "i've already gotten a alliance with everybody."  i think he's brighter than we believe.  I'm sure he is.  There's a story there.  There's something going on.  Zane walked up and says "listen, i made an alliance with everybody on  the this beach." well, now i feel special, thanks for coming to me last.  Denise is a therapist in real life. She's practiced at keeping her emotions  out of situations and really drawing them out of others and if she's a good  person to have around for me to scheme with. So it could end up being an  alliance that i end up staying with for a very long time.  Have you thought long term?  I mean, not super long term but i know that i don't want to be sitting in Russell  swan's shadow for a long time.  No, no.  And it's going to be us two. We cool?  I-- i just had this gut instinct about Malcolm. He's young by wise and  instantly we just clicked. And it was like what are you feeling? Here's what  i'm feeling. So as long as my alliance with Malcolm holds. I'm good.  We're going to do this, this is going to be our celebration.  Roof. Once we get the roof we can always get out of anything. I'm not  comfortable with the level of progress so far because we don't have a fire  which means we don't have water and it's been raining since the crack of  dawn. So i knew i needed to take a real strong leadership role here right now  and say let's get on this.  You all right?  I should have saw that coming. It's just a blister. It's nothing.  Take care of that, keep it clean. We need you. I think Skupin gives 110%  constantly but by doing that he misses the little stuff like a twig or a  bamboo shoot that's going to hit you in the head.  Inside or outside.  I think it's just a scrape. It doesn't hurt. Injured on the second day.  It's more understanding what happened on the outback and him falling into the  fire now. Because he doesn't care about injuries.  These are little things.  I know but little things can turn into big things. I think he thinks he's  superman. Superman needs to take a little bit of a break. And maybe, you  know, take the machete away from hip. Maybe that's his kryptonite. You okay?  I have a cut on my foot.  Come on, mike! That's not a baby cut, either.  Anything we can do to help?  No. I'm cut, i got ripped skin. I-- i chopped my head off.  Is that finger, foot, head now?  (laughs) but i'm not accident prone, it's the way that i go through life, act  first, think second. Nothing is anywhere near an issue. I'm still good. We  didn't have coconuts in the outback. This is a new adventure for me. Ouch!  Damn it!  Let's get you some water.  It's a small cut.  Mike--  look, look.  Okay, like i say, everything on you is a small cut.  Everything has been.  Mike's a completes me. It's not funny that he gets hurt but it's funny that  it happens over and over again.  I'm about ready to ban you from using the knife anymore.  I mean, we haven't gotten in any situations where he can seriously get  injured but, i mean, we'll see when we have fire what happens. (laughs)  well, i already don't like the shady stuff that's going around with Jonathan.  I mean, we all stick together. We're like a family. And he's just off doing  his own thing and i feel like that's not unity. So he's dangerous.  I have been looking for the hidden immunity idol all day. I've been looking  at all the obvious places that i think it could be. There's the tree with the  arch. There's the tree in the water. Nowhere. Nowhere'sville. Then i say of  course, it's in the camp right now. Buried in the dirt or attached underneath  or something like that. Then i remember the one thing that i was waiting for  us when we first hit the beach was a machete and a pot which you always have,  but there was also this beautiful box with a big bag of rice. It's in the  rice. It has to be! Ha ha! Find it, find the clue! An idol lays in waiting  somewhere near the beach. It could be salvation and it's right under your  nose. The idol is either in the rice bucket itself or underneath our camp.  It's there, waiting for me. But i need to find the thing! Tell us about the  rice, like do you--  two cups of rice, one cup of water.  So two coconut waters and a--  coconut rice.  Okay. I love rice; rice loves me. That looks like i'm going to need that  much. I go to cook the rice. There's a piece of paper in there. I'm like  that's the clue! I'm good! Just happenstance! Just here is luck. (reading)  so i'm swimming and i see Russell as he's shuffling with the firewood he's  reaching in his pocket.  That dude is on my case.  I don't trust Russell no farther than i can sling him. This is the second  time in this game. Everybody else it's their first rodeo. He's the only one  i'm worried about.  Have you had a chance to look for the idol?  Dude, i don't even do that. You know, it's definitely something that helped  tremendously but i'm going to tell you right now, i see somebody looking for  the idol and i catch them, target.  I point blank asked Russell "have you been looking for the idol?"  "no, i'm not looking for the idol because we're teammates. If i see  anybody looking for it, i'm voting them out." he's so calm and charismatic  it makes me believe he's already got it.  If you get it you're going next! Best believe that. So.  So if we lose first challenge we'll get rid of Russell.  Jeff: Come on in, guys!  Jeff: You guys ready to get to your first immunity challenge?  Yeah!  Jeff: All right. Each tribe will be divided into pairs. The first pair will  be tied together. They'll race into the jungle, up a cargo net where you will  release two paddles. The next pair will use those paddles to race their boat  out to a buoy. You'll dive down, release a chest, swim it back to shore. The  final pair will open that chest and use the pieces inside to solve the  puzzle. You want to know what you're playing for?  Yeah!  Jeff: This is what it's all about right here. The immunity idol. With  immunity you are safe in this game. Without it, you are in trouble. The  second tribe to finish wins immunity. The losing tribe goes to tribal council  where somebody from your tribe will be the first person voted out of this  game. In addition you areplaying for reward. The first tribe to finish a  complete fire-making kit. (applause)  yes, indeed!  Jeff: The second tribe to finish, flint. Not quite as complete but this will  help you get it done. Losing tribe, nothing, see you at tribal council. Big  stakes. I'll give you a minute to divide up into pairs. We'll get started.  How y'all want to do this?  We're runners.  Okay. I need you guys to just calm down.  Who thinks you should be wear where?  I think you guys should do the boast.  To me the question is who's the stronger paddler.  I'm terrible at puzzles. I'm a physical person. All right?  I'm the same way.  I want you two to do the puzzle. I know you might be panicking.  All right, so i think that-- why do people who are--  hold on. Just bear with me. You two do the puzzles, all right?  Jeff: Here we go. First two tribes to finish win immunity and reward. The  losing tribe goes to tribal council. Survivors ready? Go! Russell and Zane, Artis  and R.C. And Dana and Katie.  Run! Dig in!  You got it?  Come on!  They're ahead of us.  Jeff: Everybody wondering who is off to a good start. The faster you get back  with those paddles, the faster your tribe is in the water.  Come on, girls!  Jeff: Who will be out first? (cheering).  Jeff: R.C. And Artis are first out.  Come on!  Jeff: Russell and dave right behind! Zane dragging!  Come on!  Jeff: Russell like a drill sergeant.  Jeff: .  Come on Zane!  Pull me! Pull me!  Jeff: Skupin and Pete in the water. Bringing up the rear, a long way behind Dana  and Katie cal bow, pick it up, ladies.  Go, guys!  Jeff: Katie and Dana back with the paddles for cal bow. Jeff and Carter are  going to do paddling. They here in the water. They've got time to make up.  Go, boys, go!  Jeff: There's a big wind pushing everybody to the right. Skupin and Pete with  a big lead! For Tandang. Now they've got to release the chest.  Tandang! What! Whoo!  Jeff: Skupin and Pete have their chest and they're heading back!  Atta boy!  Jeff: Jeff and Carter making up ground for cal bow.  Jeff and Carter! Let's go!  Jeff: Cal bow has taken over t lead over Matsing.  Yeah!  Come on!  Jeff: Carter and Jeff made up a lot of time for Kalabaw.  Keep paddling! Jeff and Carter have the chas for Kalabaw. Malcolm and Denise  in the water for Matsing! Come on! Let's go!  Jeff: Matsing has their chest up!  Matsing!  Jeff: All three tribes are heading back. A big lead for Tandang!  Come on, Tandang, you got this!  Jeff: Once you cross this, everybody come help. Come on down! All six of you  have to get this up.  Grab it!  Jeff: The chest weighs a ton.  Come on, guys!  Jeff: Jeff and Carter almost back to shore. Malcolm and Denise struggling in  the water.  Come on, guys, come on, guys. You got anything left in you? This is where  we're going to catch up.  Jeff: Come on down! The rest of the Kalabaw tribe can help out. This chest  weighs a lot. There you go. Puzzle makers take over! Nothing easy about this  challenge.  You can do it! Matsing is back with their chest. Everybody come down and  help! You guys are still in this.  We're there!  Jeff: Tandang has had a nice lead. Kalabaw, though, right in this. Soon Matsing  will be in here. You don't want to finish last. Last means tribal council.  There you go. Puzzle makers, take over. Roxanne and Angie working on it for Matsing.  Penner and Dawson working on the puzzle for Kalabaw. Abi-maria Abi-Maria and Lisa  working on it for Tandang. Doing a nice job to keep their lead.  Yes, girl!  Jeff: Big reward that goes along with immunity. But the main thing you want  is to finish first or finish second but don't finish last.  Okay!  Turn it around.  Jeff: Penner trying to catch for Kalabaw.  Right there!  Jeff: Russell desperately trying to catch up. Panic is not your friend. Focus  is the key. Tandang continues to extend their lead. Kalabaw, though, right  behind and Matsing with a lot of time to make up.  There you go!  Jeff: Kalabaw and Tandang dead even both with three pieces left.  Keep going! Don't look!  Jeff: Matsing falling further and further behind.  Turn it around!  Jeff: Another piece for Kalabaw! Now we've got a race for first. Lee is with  another piece! Two pieces left. Pen we are another piece for Kalabaw. Lisa  very close for Tandang! Can she get the top on? (cheers and applause) Kalabaw  first to finish. We're still going for second. And Lisa does it. Tandang  survives winning immunity and reward as well. Matsing heading to tribal  council.  I told you, i'm not good at puzzles.  Jeff: Kalabaw, huge come-from-behind victory. Get your reward. Immunity and a  fire-making kit. Nobody going home from your tribe. Tandang, not quite as big  a reward but you got what you needed: Immunity and flint to go along with it.  Good work. No tribal council for Tandang. Matsing, what happened Russell?  Well, you know, Jeff, all i can say is at the end of the day i made the  decision on who was going to do what so i carry some of that water. It's  just-- we all have to click next time. And that's the beauty, Jeff. There  always is a next time.  Jeff: There's a next time for five of you. Not a next time for all six of you.  Tribal council tonight, somebody from your tribe will be the first person  voted out of this game. You have the afternoon to figure that out. See you at  tribal. Grab your stuff; head back to camp.  Jeff: .  Russell took over and didn't listen to a single word anybody said so i get to  go see tribal on night three.  Now you know how this goes. You see these challenges are brutal. But i've  played this game before and i'm telling you you have to dig so deep in  yourself.  Can i speak before-- and i'd like to talk to the whole tribe, all right.  There's something about this game where you just have to-- i mean, you've got  to pull the fire out of your stomach and decide that's what you're going to  throw down. And you had to pull me. I threw myself on top-- i mean, three  days in, brother. I ain't built for it.  As i'm kind of finishing the pep talk, Zane basically cuts me off and the guy  throws himself under the bus.  My legs cramped so hard that i sat, you know what i'm saying? Y'all didn't.  So i don't feel like that it's a choice.  What it did was it made the decision pretty damn easy in terms of who's going  home tonight.  I love this game and i love it for knowing how powerful it is, you know what  i mean? But i deserve-- i deserve to go. My whole reason why i'm throwing my  neck on the chopping block is to establish what i'm running against. This  whole ruse that i just threw on was just to fill out my tribe exactly how i  need to work things. It's going to be worse and worse and worse. So hopefully  everybody loves me to the point to where they would rather have me as a  hindrance than to keep Russell. I took my shot, i'm playing chess the best  way i know how and hopefully i'm going to king me.  All right, you two, i think it's going to be Zane. All right? So you guys are  good? And-- you know, all i can say is welcome to "Survivor," dig  deep, you guys got it in you.  I'm former miss utah teen. I'm a very, very competitive person. I never like  to lose. I'm so annoyed because Russell wants everyone to think that he's not  the leader. He's like "i'm not the leader, guys." but he makes  those calls like in the challenges. A leader would listen to his tribe and  really take into consideration what their strengths and weaknesses are. I'm  pissed. I'm just so bummed. I said i'm not good at puzzles, he puts me at  puzzles because he's not good at puzzles.  I didn't like that tack take--  he's like i'm not good at puzzles, you do puzzles. I'm not good at puzzles,  either. That's not fair. If we have to vote Zane out i would if it would get  me further in the game but i would like to see Russell gone because i like Zane.  He is so funny. He's just like-- he's a good genuine person and i would like  to see him around. I know he's not that strong in challenges but i didn't  want to see him give up. How could you give up?  I'm not giving up.  You're telling people to vote for you.  Logistically he had to literally pull me across the line.  Me and roxanne wanted to run and guess what? He said no. It was him, not you.  Who are you going to vote for?  I mean--  you have to vote for Russell.  It's up to y'all, man. I ain't giving up. I'm here for you, you know what i  mean?  Stick with it. Don't go.  All right. Angie was like "please don't go home. Let's blind side  russ."  you're not going home, because we need you. We need some laughter.  You ain't never seen a move like this in "Survivor" history.  Are you for sure tossing in the towel, kid? You're not tossing in the towel  but-- that look in your eye scares me. I want you to know that.  Are you blind siding?  I mean-- if you want to go home, i'll send you home but, like, there's so  many different ways the game could go.  Malcolm came to me and begged me to stay. Now the only thing i have to worry  about now is if russ actually has the idol. I give you 100% that he does have  the idol.  Zane was already going home by his own free will but the thing is we think Russell  has an idol. The sketchiest part is that the information comes from Zane of  all people that Russell has an idol. But if we vote out Russell we're  obviously down mull wise three days in. I think Zane at one point asked Russell  to drag him through the course. So quite literally he's the one weighing the  tribe down. Have you talked to Zane about the idol at all?  No.  We're 95% sure Russell had it.  Damn it! Right now there's a feeling that Russell has maybe found an immunity  idol and so Zane might have a shot to stay. But, you know, nothing against Zane  but this is not the point in the game where you can have weak players. God,  it suck having to make this decision.  Oh, man. I do not want to do this.  No. Let me tell you, dude, they suck.  I think i'm okay tonight. But i actually made my first mistake today. I just  clicked into this kind of chief mode, if you will, and thought i have to make  this call. I didn't have to. This is not about leadership. Leadership kills,  dude, and i went right back into the old mode. You never know with this game.  These people could vote me out tonight.  Jeff: Behind each of you is a torch, grab a torch, approach the flame and get  fire. This is part of the ritual of tribal council because in this game fire  represents your life. As long as you have fire you are still in this game and  when your fire is gone, so are you and that is going to be the case for one  of you tonight. Only three days in, Zane, and somebody's going home.  It's a sad thing, Jeff. But it's the way of "Survivor."  Jeff: Denise, what do you think about having returning players?  You know, quite honestly i was mixed at first because i wanted it to be a really  pure game kind of in the sense of just this being our game. But it's already  been, you know, an asset to have somebody really giving us tips on how to do  this or how to save a fire through three days of rain. So it definitely  changes the game play. But in this rain it's a gift.  Jeff: Zane, it's kind of a tricky dilemma, isn't it? You have somebody who  can bring something you need, experience. But going in they're a better  player than you.  Off the top they are better than you are. It's kind of like an onion, man.  More layers you peel back, the more you start to cry. It's something that  happens and--  Jeff: Okay, you lost me. (laughter)  i was nervous--  Jeff: Wait, wait. Go back to the onion.  You know, at first like you get something out of it. Then you get a little  bit more out of it then you realize you're getting too much out of it. So the  more layers you peel, the more you cry, man. This guy is a killer athlete. He  already knows about fire and water and shelter. Like i said-- the more you  peel back, the more you understand how much of a better player you're coming  against rather than being on equal ground.  Jeff: Okay. So now that i'm caught up there, Russell, does that sound like  "i love what you've taught us but man you're too good of a player and  you're going"?  Yeah, that's exactly what it sounds like. Even with this onion thing i think  today i kind of blew it because instead of being 2.0 and just being part of a  group i went back to 1.0, that dictator. And i made a huge mistake.  Jeff: Malcolm, did you pick up on Russell becomes a dictator, as he says?  He came on a little strong pre-challenge today.  And i'm--  and, we all-- it's on the table, we all know.  It was wrong. But i wouldn't be completely shocked if i was voted out  tonight.  Jeff: How disappointed would you be?  I mean, the first time i played i got carried out on my back. I get blessed  with a second opportunity to play again and i go out first. That would just  be a dagger in the heart.  Jeff: Roxy, did he come on a little strong?  Absolutely. I feel like out of nowhere he's just like "no, whoa. It's  going to be this, this, and this." and i have military background so i  just went right into my gear which is you are superior to me, that is how  you're acting right now, i'm going to take direction and follow directions.  Jeff: Angie, do you agree with that?  Yes. You know, i ran track in high school, i asked if i could run but nope  because he didn't want to do the puzzle and he told me if we lose it's your  fault.  I don't know-- i mean-- yeah, that's exactly--  i don't think that was exactly what i said.  Jeff: Angie's pretty sure it was exactly.  Well, the bottom line is she is absolutely right. I went into dictator mode  and it was like nope, this is what we're doing. That's right. Hopefully this  day doesn't bespeak for the other two days. Especially when i know i have so  much more to give give and i hope i get that opportunity.  Jeff: Zane, how do you feel about the leg you were assigned to do?  Well, i quit smoking the day of coming here. And i made sure i let the whole  tribe know that, you know, running ain't the deal. I'm getting back but i  ain't got back, you know what i mean? I know it's my fault, i'm a dummy. I  should have put a little more forethought into that. But it is what it is.  Jeff: Regardless who put you in that position, is there responsibility, Denise,  how you perform in a challenge?  I mean, i-- absolutely. I could say i was a strong swimmer and i got out  there and i'm pushing a 200 pound chest and i sucked, sure, they could point  that at me. Or you can turn that around and go "or was that our  leadership? " it's part of the game.  Jeff: Zane?  When i got back to camp i told everybody send me home if you want to, i  understand the running was not my deal. I would rather step out of your way  than the hold you up.  Jeff: Russell, you're off the box.  It sounds convenient but, you know, Jeff, i've been to this dance before and  you never know what conversations have taken place from that time to that he  made that pronouncement to this time now. I know that sometimes stuff can be  coded, it can cut all kinds of different e ways.  Jeff: What odds do you give yourself right now that you're here after this  vote?  I don't know, Jeff. But i'm ready to be here. Let's be clear.  Jeff: Okay. It is time to vote. Malcolm, you're up.  Zane, i'm not ready to go home yet. I wish you lots of luck, man.  If you ain't first, you're last.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay, once the votes are  read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Zane. Russ.  Zane. Zane. That's three votes Zane, one vote russ. First person voted out of  "Survivor: Philippines," Zane. That's enough, you've got to bring  me your torch. Zane, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  Son of a bitch!  Jeff: Well, the good news is you survived your first tribal council. The bad news is you're already  down to five people left. One more thing. Because you've been to tribal  council, you now have fire in the form of flint. Grab your stuff, head back to  camp. Good night.