<br/>Previously on "Survivor". . .  With Jeff leading the charge against veterans, a long hunt for the idol paid  off.  On the top on the right, a little wooden bull. The idea toll was right under  your nose. I have the hidden immunity idol.  Lisa, the former facts of life star continued to hide other identity and was  looking like the first to go.  It's hard being on the outside. Maybe i'm not able to play this  when R.C. Discovered the clues to the hidden idol, she decided to share it  with her closest ally. But rc found every clue doesn't always lead to.  I am your friend.  This means you'rd.  After the immunity challenge an intense battle between three tribes. Gave  matt zing their second lead in a row.  They shouldn't beat us and they have twice.  That's because these folks haven't decided they can do this.  At camp, russ and he will rossi got to Angie. Angie and malcomb wanted rocky  to go.  Roxie is going home.  Leaving Denise stuck in the middle.  I have got to think long-term.  At tribal counsel, roxie continued her case.  To pair in game is dangerous. Good luck to the rest of you if you choose her  over me.  In the end Denise sided with her ally, malcomb.  Roxie, the tribe has spoken.  16 are left. Who will be voted out tonight.  That was fun.  It's interesting.  It was all unnecessary.  Well, that's the game.  Starting with tribal counsel and roxie just kind of exploded. She wanted to  go out with a bang, i think, so her strategy was just to throw me and Malcolm  under the because because that's the only thing she could even say.  It's just part of the game. She has to point out another threat that is not  hers.  We're down to four now and each and every one of them trust me and i trust  all of them and they know me and malcomb are nothing but friends. They all  know that.  Bad news is we had to go to tribal counsel again and there's only four of us.  The good news is there's only four of us so let's make this happen. Roxie was  absolutely right tonight at tribal. That alliance between malcomb and Angie  real and i think it was pretty tight. At the end of the day, that's two  votes. So all they need is one more. If she hitches to the young ones t hen  i'm dead. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs,  i just need to chill today.  Wouldn't you feel better if you had the idol.  I want to get it over and done with and put away and that's it.  I know. But i need to get myself 100%.  I'm concerned because i'm in trouble because i have any knee injured. I  twisted my knee twice since i have been here. And i'm not trusting rc with  that clue for the idol anymore.  You're not a liability.  I trust myself more than anybody here so i'm going with that and hope my leg  gets better.  Abi, you're missing my point.  Just be forward.  Yoom. I'm saying you're not a liability.  You said that 10 times but that's how i feel.  You know and he Abi clicked from day one and built an alliance together and i  trust her. I'm 100% with her bus she's a little more hesitant and her pair i  didn'ta, i think, is getting the best of her right now.  Just like you don't think we can get the idol --  let me finish.  Go go ahead.  I'm saying it's pointless.  Abi, stop it.  Are you kidding me?  If you want to finish.  Please stop.  I'm here to listen to you.  Just stop.  Stop fighting.  I'm not fighting.  I'm not fighting with you. I'm not wasting my time.  Abi definitely got a little hard-core with our conversation. We gave each  other our word. Our word is our bond. I feel i shared the hidden immunity  idol with her and that should prove i trust her more than anyone else in the  game.  It's like you just bit my head off. I don't know.  We found the clue inside the rice, you know. It was right there. And the clue  for the immunity idol was right under your nose.  We have an alliance of mike, rc, Peter and us. Peter has been a bit more  genuine with me.  I shared the news with Peter, so we have the clue and we want to find it  before rc does.  Have you checked in the bag of rice all the way at the bottom.  Yeah, we stuck our hands all in it.  I don't like stepping into things until i know what is going on.  You're lucky i trust you because now i don't trust rc.  I look like i don't pay attention but i'm paying attention to everything  around me. It's like i'm on surveillance because i'm sitting there and  listening and then i know what moves to me.  So how much do you value staying in the game?  I want to stay in the game more than anything.  Ok. Because you know -- i don't know if you know, but they want to get rid of  you first, right? Do you know that?  Well, i guess, yes.  But i can make stuff happen where you don't go home. But we might have to --  for you to stay in, we're going to have to get rid of somebody.  I feel like an alliance is only as strong as the day it is made. They want to  put Lisa on the chopping block to get rid of her first. I like Lisa. I don't  see any problem with her and i see somebody later in the game that i can get  rid of.  Would you be ok if we had to get rid of mike? He is going to be a real  problem at the end and the last people we have, the harder it's going to be.  So Peter is wanting to blindside mike.  And i would prefer to blindside rc but Peter is the one that is calling it so  i need to lay low and go with him. Just tell me what to do and i will follow  your lead.  All i need for you is when i tell you to vote for somebody to vote.  Ok.  Then we have three votes, me, you and Abi and he is gone.  Wow.  The best analogy and i'm not even a card player, is that Jeff feels like i'm  dealt a new hand every day, and every day i have to play the hand that i  have. You're up and down and up and down. So today, i'm up but i'm cautiously  up.  Mike, rc, and then take it from there.  <br/>My ass hurts. And i don't know it until i lie back down.  Did you take this spot?  No. That was like a pattern thing.  A little rice pattern thing?  Where did that go?  Dana and i ended up looking at the rice box and on top of the lid there was  an emblem that was nailed to the top of the rice box. We noticed that piece  is gone now. You know that thing that was on top of the rice lid ain't there  anymore.  It might be the idol.  That little design piece that was stuck on there, that piece, i but you he  has it.  You're staring at that thing the whole time.  I'm pissed off and not at Jonathan. I give him props. It was in our face. We  touched it. We looked at it. We weren't even curious about it. And that's a  pure veteran move.  We have a challenge and we lose, we will play it like we have no clue about  it.  People who win the idol will get voted out.  Easy. He has no clue.  I don't have any plans to confront Jonathan right now about the idol. We  might be able to pull a blindside where we can get Jonathan off of the  island's pocket. Above everything i'm ticked that i let the idol go right  between my eyes.  I looked at it. It was right -- it was right in our face.  You have to be kidding me.  Nope.  No freaking way!  Woke up this morning, Denise looks down the beach and sees our raft is gone.  We thought we had it above the tide line but it's just gone. Little bit of a  morale downer. That could come back to haunt us.  <br/>Last night there was no cuddling whatsoever.  We're good.  They have no idea.  Tribe of six is already down to four. And me and Denise have been tight from  the beginning,,. If we go back to tribal it will come down to Angie or Russell  but right now there's no clear cut next choice to go home.  We will make the decision when it comes time. No survey.  Exactly. I really like that. I'm fine, malcomb in the middle.  There was such a focus on malcomb and Angie, a as couple at tribal counseling  but i'm still holding that trust malcomb and i when the time comes he will  cut ange. Because it's a numbers game i feel stronger having Russell because  we have to win a challenge.  It's nice to know we're cool. I don't want to make decisions.  Not on this one.  Are you guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yeah.  Jeff: First thing's first. I take back the immunity idol. Thank you. Thank  you. Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you  will dive down to release puzzle wheels attached to a line. Once you have  one, you will bring it up and the next person guess. Once you have all eight  wheels you use those wheels to solve a word puzzle. First two tribes to get  it right, win immunity, are safe from the vote. Nobody going home. Losers,  tribal counsel where somebody will be the third person voted out of this  game. Matsing you have been to tribal council two times in a row, you do not  want to go again. In addition you are once again playing for reward. First  tribe to finish, it's a massive fishing kit. You have line, bait, a net, you  have a canoe waiting for you back at camp and a couple of paddles. Second  tribe to finish, a smaller fishing kit, not quite as big but still pretty  nice. You're sitting two people out.  Katie and Dawson.  Tandang you have two extra members.  I twisted my knee twice so --  Abi is one.  I'm the other.  Lisa is the other. Abi and Lisa sitting out tore Tandang. Everybody else, i  will give you a minute to strategize. And we will get started. Here we go,  for immunity and reward, Survivors ready? Go! [cheering]  Dana first up. One for Tandang. Angie is struggling. At first puzzle pieces  only two feet deep. Dana is back for Kalabaw. Jeff now headed back. Angie has  the first puzzle piece. She's swimming it back format sing. Quick work of it  for Kalabaw. Jeff is fast with the second water piece. Russell now in the  water format sing. Pete now back with the second puzzle piece for Tandang.  There Russell with the second puzzle piece. There are 8 total. Carter in the  water for Kalabaw. Russell trying to get up and losing some time.  Rc in the water for Tandang.  Bleeding from the face. Russell finally up. Denise in the water. Back with  the fourth piece for Kalabaw. Dana back in the water. Kalabaw with a big  lead. Denise, incredibly fast.  Go Dana!  Rc going again now. Denise back with the third piece format sing in record  time.  Here comes Dana with that fifth puzzle piece for Kalabaw. Jeff back in the  water for Kalabaw. Rc has got entwo pieces in a row for her tribe. Going back  for a third.  Malcomb back with the fourth piece. Russell back in the water after  struggling his first time out. Coming back with the 6th piece. Two pieces  left for Kalabaw. Rc coming back with her third piece. Tandang with two  pieces left. Each piece gets deeper and it gets tougher and the pressure gets  stronger. Russell comes back, empty handed format sing and that is going to  cost him a lot of time. Michael bleeding and back in the water.  Russell can't get up the ladder. Matsing has four pieces to go. Matsing just  lot a lot of time when Russell went out and came back without a piece. Denise  is a machine, picking up a lot of time. Carter for that last piece, Skupin  back with a piece for Tandang. Here goes malcomb: Kalabaw with their last  piece. Here comes Carter. They can start working on their puzzle. Malcomb  back with the 6th piece. Rc back with the 8th piece for Tandang. Denise back  in the water for a third time. Tandang starts working on the puzzle. Tandang  once again is dead last. Denise with the 7th piece. Malcomb out for the final  piece format sing. Remember you're solving it from this side. There you go.  Malcomb back with that 8th and final piece. He is up. Now go. Everybody  working on their puzzle. You need to pick it up Matsing. Tandang still trying  different combinations. Matsing is catching up. They're back in this. You  want to make sure you're in this game tomorrow you need to not be last today.   Kalabaw thinks they have it and they do! Kalabaw finishes!  Tandang thinks they have it and they do. Treasure is the word. Tandang wins  immunity, Matsing, winless headed to tribe council for the third straight  time.  Good job, you guys.  How about once again, good work. Tandang nice effort. No tribal council for  you guys. Kalabaw in addition to immunity, a huge fishing kit will be waiting  for you back at camp. Tandang, a smaller but still effective fishing kit will  be waiting for you back at camp. Matsing for the third straight week i will see  you tonight at tribal counsel where somebody will be voted out of your tribe.   Russell struggled in challenge for the first time. He had a hard time getting  up the ladder and then the second time Russell just kind of gave up. And  that's the thing -- you know me might be big and he might be strong but he is  the weak link.  Guys that was another fantastic victory.  High 5.  Congratulations.  The challenge was awesome. We took first place in it and it felt good to  which some fishing stuff. We are always wanting to eat. I think that works  out. We're a hungry tribe.  Let's get some hydration and figure out how we're going to do this.  The challenge was fantastic. But as we're come back. I'm a little nervous. I  believe Jeff knows i'm an experienced player. He 1 very wary of me. But i  want him to be on my side and i want him to trust me.  I don't think that you trust me and you think i have the island. I do have  the island.  That was all under our noses for a while.  I have the idol. Now we're separated and i hope we can come back together.  Obviously you want to get ahead in the game and i do too. If it means i got  to ride in your boat you have power and knowledge, i will ride in your boat  for a while.  I will try to befriend him a little bit and forge a better relationship. I  have to figure out what will be best for me. This is a me game. It isn't a we  game. I guess you prove some of your loyalty.  I'm trying to prove it by letting you know.  Nothing we can do until -- exactly.  All right. Good deal.  At the end he wanted to cut a deal with a handshake so i gave him a four  finger handshake, not a five-finger handshake. I'm not so committed, in my  book unless it's a manly handshake, it's not going to count.  Tandang?  Tandang.  That was a tough one.  And you took another one for the team on the face.  I hit the water and i opened my eyes and i couldn't see anything.  So you broke it.  Can you get anymore injuries.  Today's challenge was extremely disappointing for me. The positive is that we  don't have to to go to tribal counsel. We should have won. Mike decided to  dive face first in the water with the mask and the mask crash after telling  me not to dive with the mask, who dove with the mask no problem whatsoever.  Does nobody else want to go?  I will go.  I'm about fed up with mike. Now he is in my sites.  All right. Are we going clam digging?  We're go to have a clam bake tonight.  <br/>Whas'sup?  Well, everyone is talking clams, i was getting ride on to work, with your  beach under your nose. What do you think you should be? Help me. They all  went out looking for clams and i thought, you know, it's going to be either  me finding the hidden immunity idol or rc so i took the opportunity, i went  after it.  I don't know where to look anymore.  We're too late. Right under your nose.  Maybe we're on top of it.  Wonder if i should take that symbol off the rice. I don't know. Maybe.  Oh, my gosh. I found it. I found it. I found it. Oh, my gosh. I can't believe  i found it!  This is freaking amazing. I knew where it was! The whole time. I knew it.  Abi found the hidden immunity idol right on top of the bag of rice which is a  good thing because she's my right hand man.  Let's not be stupid.  We know we have numbers.  Ok. Sounds good.  So i'm thinking i could definitely get Artis and Lisa to do whatever i want  so it's going to be easier to get rid of mike and neutralize rc.  I'm so happy i found it; i found it.  I just want to scream. It's just tragic that i'm stuck out here with the goon  squad of tribes. We have a girl who couldn't get a float out from under two  feet of water. Russell built like an ox and can't climb a three foot ladder  out of the ocean. Nothing has gone right. This is the group of goons i get  stuck with? It's like -- thank god for Denise. Denise was a war horse today,  a little munch kin of muscle, just cranked them out.  Seriously how many times did you go down.  I did three.  So we both did three.  What the hell, she couldn't even get the first one. And then Russell?  Couldn't climb the ladder. Grab the side. We're getting hit one by one.  Hey, you --  for the record i never said i can't do those.  I don't want malcomb and Denise to think of me as a weak link or as a girl  who just gives up because i never said i can't. I mean i am the youngest. I  have been proving myself and i hope they can see that.  I never said i can't. I wouldn't do that to my team. I won't do it. I won't  go.  I know. We know you did.  I think it would be a ridiculous choice to keep Angie at this point but i  don't know that i could get malcomb to vote Angie and Russell, Russell  couldn't climb a ladder. Maybe me needs to go home.  It's a tough decision. What are you guys thinking.  I think Russell.  Yeah. Hang in there.  We lost the immunity challenge again. And everybody that is their weaknesses.  Mine showed up today, diving 10 feet down, that's just not my thing.  Well, lord, whatever your will be thy will be done.  It's hard to see a clear path forward. If they want to make a bold move and  get rid of me because this is the time to get rid of a strong player, i could  be gone.  Even right now lord, i say halleluiah.  What is it about this game that frightens me so much? Last time i almost  died. This time i thought it was different and then we lose the first  challenge and the second challenge and now we lost the third challenge. You  know, i don't know if it's god's plan for me to be here for just a short  amount of time.  Thank you.  Jesus christ name, amen.  I am down but i am not out. * .  I would have gone again. I would have gone 12 but i would have went and Denise  went right for it because she is super fast. I would rather have someone do  it that is fast. It's not like i can't do it but i wanted us to go ahead and  be fast. Does that make sense?  Totally. He quit and you wouldn't have quit.  He did quit.  Tonight is hard. The first two are easy. Between russ and Angie, it's a toss  up for different reasons. Me and russ have not talked strategy since day one.  Angie on the other hand is -- i wouldn't say in my pocket but she would do  whatever we want to do. I just have to keep myself positioned as strong as i  possibly can.  We have to win something. We can't keep losing everything.  I mean, yeah, i sucked but he's 20 years older than me, a hundred pounds more  than me.  He is more than twice your age.  I trust malcomb and i know Denise and malcomb will get out Russell. I do feel  bad because he wants this so bad and he wants to make the merge so bad.  But he is not doing anything. I mean he is great around camp.  Tonight at camp i want to show them and say i'm here to win, i will do 100%,  i'm here to do anything it takes and i want to win. That's my number one  goal.  There's been a lot of people who have come before me. My ancestors who have  dealt with the middle passage, jim crow, whatever -- people whose shoulders i  stand on have persevered, and at the end of the day, that's where i'm going  to draw my strength. Because to not continue to fight would be to spit in the  face of all of those people who endured so much more than i will ever endure  in my life, and definitely in this dam game.  Well, the bad news is, you will be down to three after tonight. The good news  is for the three that will remain, you're not out. Denise, what did you  sacrifice to come out here?  Oh, six weeks away from my daughter who i love to death and my husband. I own  a private practice at home so i lose income. I have clients that i hope are  ok. It's huge. I'm not willing to roll over and just give up.  Malcomb, how big of a deal with this for you?  I mean the first season of "Survivor" aired when i was 12 years  old. You're laying in bed thinking how cool that would be if it's you one  day. It's over a decade later and i'm finally here and it's going this  poorly, i'm not an emotional guy in the slightest but i was between tears and  screaming after the challenge today, and i have friends and family back home  who are just going to associate me with the tribe that keeps having to go see  you every tribal council: It's heart breaking is the word.  Heart breaking.  Which is different from frustration.  Frustration was day three. On day eight it's heart breaking.  So malcomb what do you do?  We're past the time of playing nice how challenges go. Certain people  struggled today. That's on those who knew we were capable of things at this  challenge and didn't take over earlier.  I didn't appear you or Denise struggle.  I'm not beating around the bush. Angie and russ had problems on the diving  portion of the challenge today. It settles on them heavier than myself and Denise,  me and Denise could have stepped up more and said we know we were the  swimmers and for us to go by this everybody gets a turn and it's fifth grade  dodgeball mentality needs to stop. The people need to step up and the rest of  them have to go home.  Angie, are you concerned it might be you tonight?  Yes, i am. I was slow. But i would have done my second one. I really would  have but she is such a better diver than me why not let her do it and get it  done faster.  Would it be fair to vote you out tonight for that?  I don't think so. Russell did the first one. He couldn't get up on the  ladder. His second time he went in, he completely gave up. Me, i would not  give up and i want them to know that, that i'm a fighter.  Russell, Angie just clearly said, listen, one thing i didn't do is quit.  Russell gave up.  No, Russell made a strategic decision to 1207 what he was doing, knowing  'twas going to end in failure so we would at least have a chance to move on.  I hear what Angie is saying but at the end of the day, miss Angie can't hold  a canal to what i'm going to be able to offer this tribe going forward.  Knowing that there's 30 days left to go, she ain't ready. I am. So life  experience, intellectual capability, physical capability, to me, the choice  is clear.  Honestly, Jeff, i know i'm only 20 years old and i don't have the experience  that Russell has but i think i can fight more than Russell, honestly.  What?  I was willing to die for this game the last time i played. Are you willing to  put your life on the line, little girl? Come on. You went in that water two  feet. You were slow because you did not have the physical strength to get  that ring off of there. That's what happened. This revisionist history thing  you're doing in terms of what happened on the platform, it may work here for Jeff  but all of us were there. When you came back, you were done. You had given  up. So i mean, come on --  Angie, is this hitting hard?  I feel this small right now. It just sucks. I don't ever cry. I really don't.   I think everybody here is saying they do believe you gave your all. I think  what Russell is saying is you can't hold a candle to me.  It's hard to comPete with him. It honestly is. Look at him.  Because the situation she is getting thrust into a role that was probably  never meant for her, a strength role. There are little girls on the other  tribes that haven't had to do the things she has had to do in two challenges  yet. She's in a tougher situation than any other young girl is right now.  So deny these this is a tough vote. There's only the four of you. You had to  have made some friendships, probably alliances and now you have this strength  thing but also have loyalty. What if they clash?  Definitely you think of loyalty. Any alliances you have made you have to  think of that because when there's a merge you need that. That's one of the  things that would lead my vote more than anything is the loyalty.  Malcomb, how important is loyalty if you want to win and get the votes?  If you want to win and get the votes, loyalty is paramount but we have to get  to the point where you can win the game. So tonight's vote is a balancing act  between strength and loyalty, which one do we need to go with, and this is  the question. We shouldn't even have to think about on day eight.  Jeff: Ok. It's time to vote. Russell, you're up.  I'm sorry i made you cry. That's the way this game seems to be playing, and i  have to play hard or go home.  One thing about me is i never give up.  I'll go tally the votes.  If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want to play it now would be  the time to do so. Ok. Once the votes are read the asktion is final and the  person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area immediately.  I will read the votes.  First vote, Angie.  Russ, one vote Angie, one vote russ.  Angie. Two votes Angie, one vote russ. One vote left.  Third person voted out of Survivor Philippines, Angie. You need to bring me  your torch.  Angie, the tribe has spoken.  Good luck, guys. Kick some ass.  Time to go.  Thank you.  While tonight's vote may not have been easy, hopefully what remains is the  right combination of people to turn this tribe around. Grab you were torches,  head back to camp. Good night. Captioned by media access group at wgbh  access.wgbh.org stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Reporter: Next time on controller, Jeff plays ball with tanner.  Having him on my side will make us both pretty powerful.  And the fate of Matsing comes down to one defining moment.  This is it. Ask el.  You know it sucks to be voted out this early in the game but i hope my tribe  can grow strong from here on out. I'm their biggest cheerleader and i just  appreciate life so much more now, like in my life i just appreciate how lucky  i am and it just helped me realize how blessed i am to have the life that i  have.