<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor" -- this season there are three  tribes, but Matsing is the only tribe on its try extinction. The tribe has  spoken. Russell's clue and an alliance between Malcolm and Denise were all  they had to show after the first six days.  The tribe of six is already down to four.  Jeff: At Tandang Pete stirred things up by starting a new majority alliance.  We have three votes, you, Artis and Abi.  Jeff: Turning on his old alliance and giving Lisa the former teen star new  life.  I have to play the hand i have that. So today i'm up.  Jeff: Things only got better for Pete when his ally Abi shared the kphaou and  found the hidden immunity idol.  I'm paying attention to everything.  Jeff: At Kalabaw, Penner had been the target from day one.  Do we want a veteran to win or one of us to win?  Jeff: But when he revealed his idol to Jeff kent, the former professional  baseball player considered aligning with Penner.  I'll try to befriend him. I have to figure out what's best for me.  Jeff: At the immunity challenge Angie -- Angie struggling. And Russell  struggled, leading to another Matsing loss. Matsing going to tribal council  for the third straight time! And at tribal council Angie and Russell took  turns throwing each other under the bus.  The second time he went in he completely gave up.  When you came back you were done!  Jeff: Despite Malcolm's close connection to Angie, he joined Matsing in  voting to keep the tribe strong.  The tribe has spoken.  Kick some ass.  Jeff: Hopefully remains is the right combination of people to turn this tribe  around. 15 are left. 15 are left. Who will be voted out tonight? Who will be  voted out tonight?  You know, you go 0-3 in your first three immunity challenges, wake up the  next morning and it's pouring rain and your fire's out. It's just like what  else could you possibly pile on? I was just thinking, oh, wait, we have cold  rice. [laughter] i think we all put on brave faces for each other. Everyone's  scared, everyone's nervous. But one win is all it's going to take to turn the  mood around camp. Just one win to know that it's possible that we're not just  destined for annihilation.  Having three people in a tribe, you know, at day nine? This is not what i  envisioned at this is not what i envisioned at all. All.  Sitting in our shelt they are morning, the rain's coming down and the three of  us are in there and we're making jokes and there having conversations but  you'll get that silence and my thoughts aren't on like, oh, missing home. My  thoughts are on how do i stay here? Who's going home? And in college i did  have roommates and we had three and with three there's always one that's out.  The minute i don't take all my stuff to tribal council will be the night i'm  probably going home.  Let's just mount the greatest comeback ever.  Absolutely. We're gonna.  Gonna have to.  Not an option. It's not an option not to.  One challenge at a time. My plan is with Denise and Malcolm to mount the  greatest comeback that's ever been seen. There is no quit in either one of  them. There damn sure isn't any quit for me because i was willing to die for  this damn game the last time i played it. So line it up, let's go and we'll  let the chips fall where we'll let the chips fall where they may. They may.  Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs,  half the time we've been here we've been sitting in the rain.  Is there any way we can start a fire?  It's raining!  You know, you have nothing to do out here but think about different scenarios  and how they might go. Especially when it's raining nonstop and for people  who come on to "Survivor," you're usually going to be a type-a  person who's usually able to take the world by the nose and make it happen.  And i'm just worried that the rain may prove once again that we are not  ultimately in control.  Are you ready, magnesium boy? Make it good, Artis, because we're only doing  it one time. There we go. Here it comes.  The weather sucks but i'm feeling really good. I feel like i'm in a very,  very, very good position in this game and i plan on creating a lot of chaos  out here. Any chaos that i create is going to be beneficial to me.  Starting to rain again.  Want to wait for the rain to pass?  What is that? What's in that bag?  It's the clue.  It's my hidden immunity idol.  I was just staring at the raft where we sleep and i saw a little piece of  paper sticking out. It's the clue that R.C. And i have safely been guarding.  You want to read it?  "an idol lays in waiting somewhere near your beach. It's good to have  protection from friends and from foes. It could just be salvation is right  under your nose." under your nose? What does that mean?  I think she went, got the clue out of where we had buried it, put it in her  bag and i think it fell.  You found it here?  Right there.  She has no idea that i found the hidden immunity idol, but i don't feel bad  because me finding that clue proved to me that she wasn't 100% honest with me  at all. I'm really surprised that i saw this clue sticking out of your bag.  I have no idea what happened with the clue.  Maybe the rats brought it over.  I certainly didn't put it there but because this popped up i'm a little weary  of my place right now in the tribe.  R.C. Didn't do anything. I was the one who put it there. Abi showed me where  the clue to the idol was so i got it, put in the my pocket, R.C.'s bag  spilled all over the bed and i was like -- and then boom, clue was like --  and then boom, clue planted. Planted.  Oh, my god!  This could haven't gone any better. This is amazing. It's hilarious. All you  have to do is just create a little chaos because keeping people on their toes  is a big part of my strategy. I don't want anybody to be able to play their  game. To play their game. I want them to play my game. I want them to play my  game.  Getting ready to fish?  Yup, i'm getting ready.  You want to fish or you want to fire, Carter? The rain was really  debilitating but when the sun comes out, man, and you find yourself in a  tropical paradise! I mean, this is the most extraordinary place i've ever  been. So we said okay, let's get busy. Let's get working.  Is this a fire officially? Am i done making it? Jeff, is this a fire?  Tell her the secret of the fire.  We've got a really young group of kids that aren't married, that don't know  how to carry professional conversation. Jonathan can do that. You know, and  he's trying, you know? The guy's trying.  We're going to just pick them up underneath this boat right here is the  biggest clam you ever saw. Pick it up. [laughs] that's as big as your head,  man! There's another one right there, grab her.  From the get-go when we had Jonathan on our raft i always had an idea. It  doesn't matter if it was Jonathan or Russell or Skupin, i didn't want a  vessel -- veteran to win this game. Jonathan has the idol, i want to get  further in this game so we have to make adjustments.  Unless you think you've got value outside our tripe, i can bring you value in  our tribe through me.  Exactly.  I think you bring yourself and your veteran status and the immunity idol.  I totally agreed.  And i think i've got a good relationship with our guys and obviously Carter  is one of them and i can control some people.  Awesome. Awesome. I hear you. Jeff and i actually like each other and he's a  hell of a competitor, a really nice guy and he and i are prepared to be loyal  to each other deep into the game.  Let's ride together and see where we go.  Great.  And after the end --  we're gonna go far.  All right, man. All right.  Having him on my side, at least for the time being, will make us both pretty,  pretty powerful. It's exciting. It's exciting to have a real ally. I think i  do. You know, you haven't done anything to make me feel like you're a --  young man who's not going to be true to his word.  Yeah.  And doesn't want to play a straight-up game.  I do want to play a straight up game. I want to get far. I'm just thinking  that you're not going to get that far if you're aligned with Dawson and Katie.  Right now i want to go far with you.  Thank you, man.  It's kind of crazy because i decided that Jonathan was no longer a target of  mine but somebody that i was going to work with and try to get to the top  five with him and then target him. So i'd say me, Jeff, and Jonathan right  now have a pretty good alliance and the girls for all i can tell are on the  all i can tell are on the chopping block. Chopping block.  It was a democracy in the beginning but now it's a democracy between them  three.  At the beginning of the game there was our five-person alliance of the -- you  know, brand new castaways and then there was Jonathan on the other end and we  were kind of working to get him out. But the guys went out on to the ocean  and they were out there for a couple hours and, of course, what are they  talking about? Just them in the water? They're talking about us!  I think probably the best thing for us to do is stick together and when we  merge try to work whatever magic we can and then we'll try to gather in some  more ladies and how awesome would that be as a strategy? I'm a girl, i can  make fire, i can kill a chicken. Doesn't matter. We don't need them.  I think women naturally feel more comfortable around each other. As the game  progresses i think the sex starts to split a little and, you know, the guys  have this strict thing that they think that this is what they add to the  table and women definitely think well, i have this awesome social game and  this adds to the table. Don't underestimate me because i'm a female. That's  the worst thing you can do to a woman.  It's about to get crazy. Of our tribe -- and they were like almost useless.  [laughs] oh, this game, i tell you. Once again, not make the merge? Gosh,  that would just suck.  Yup.  Because of a smoker, a lunatic, and a beauty queen. [laughs]  you know, i think i sized russ up pretty good right off the bat. He's met my  low expectations the entire way through. He's been foisted twice now into a  position of leadership and it worked out once in samoa for him. I mean, you  know, until he collapsed. You can tell watching him that he lacked  self-awareness. From day one. And it's apparent in challenges, apparent in  the way he talks to us around camp. It's apparent when he loses his cool at  tribal for no reason. He's still here only because we're doing so badly and  we need muscle mass.  So, i mean, in terms of sleeping arrangements, food, all that stuff, great.  Game play? Sucks. Because, yeah, everybody's trying to figure out how it's  not gonna be them. But the unfortunate part is neither one of them has said  anything to me about where they want to go in the event that the bottom falls  out of this thing and that makes me a little and that makes me a little suspicious.  Suspicious.  So i have a clue to where the idol is hidden and until my torture you have? I  will be trying to find that idol because there's no question about it: I'm  probably gonna need it. The clue reads something like-- and i love this word  "somewhere near your beach it's right befeat your nose." the real  frustrating part is i have a feeling that i've been like past this thing like  a hundred million times it's like right there and then everybody's gonna see,  there's gonna be, like, this flash on the screen and they're gonna be like  this dummy! He's walking past it. And it just sucks.  I'm trying to find the stupid  i'm trying to find the stupid idol. Idol.  I thought it was something that fell down but it was just like something that  was already blown.  Went up the beach when we had a momentary break in the rain, gathered some  wood and came around the corner and i don't know why, but just -- it just  seemed a little shady. Russell was at the very corner of the -- of our  shelter and he was putting a banana leaf there and he kind of said like --  then i saw a popl -- i mean a banana leaf blow and i'm like did that just  come from there so i was like let me go and see what's going on.  I don't know but it definitely kind of planted a little seed of "what  are you little seed of "what are you doing?" doing?"  it was just kind of -- i don't know. It makes me nervous.  I was talking to Denise and she had this scared look her in kwai and tells me  she thinks Russell has an idol and i guess she saw him digging around the  corner of the shelter. So after Denise tells me all this, the logical thing  is if you busted him while he was hiding it, he just stuck in the his pocket.  So me and Denise went through all of his stuff in the shelter. I mean, i have  no shame out here. If you have an idol, i want to know about it. I want as  many variables in my control as possible. It wasn't in his clothes, wasn't in  his shoes, wasn't in his bag. There's no reason to take a risk. Might as well  just blind side him and, you know, leave no room him and, you know, leave no  room for error. For error.  You keep boiling rice, Abi?  Yeah, you boil it.  But after it's boiling you keep it boiling?  You keep boiling it until there's no water left.  I think we need more water, what do you guys think?  If you need to add more water than you've got to add my salt.  I don't want it to be too salty. Taste this, you're gonna die.  I think it needs more salt, but you know me, i'm a salty person.  It's like a home-cooked meal.  All right, thanks for helping, R.C. There was already a wedge between R.C.  And Abi but now it's concrete and it all comes from one piece of paper. I  would love to send kwraeurs home right R.C. Home right now. I don't trust R.C.  She is dangerous. But she has one big problem: I'm here.  Do you want to talk at all about what happened yesterday?  I really don't. I have nothing to talk to you about, i'm over it, i moved on.   I know but because we --  i don't. If you want to keep on talking to me, move on, i'm serious, stop.  Move on. I'm not going to talk to you about anything you know what you did.  I didn't do anything!  I do not want to talk to you. You know exactly what you did. You broke -- you  betrayed me. You broke my trust. So that's it. Don't even go there.  That's why we need to talk Abi.  I don't want to talk to you. I have nothing to talk to you.  Fine, we won't talk.  Yeah, i don't want to.  Abi is irrational. She's not rational. You don't know what she's thinking.  I need to go for a walk.  I'm worried about my place in the tribe because she didn't want to talk to me  about the hidden immunity clue. I don't know if she planted it, i have no  idea. Pete, what the hell is she talking about?  I wasn't here.  You have absolutely no clue why she won't talk to me?  No, that's between you guys, not me.  You're lying to me by not telling me.  Whatever you want to believe is what you want to believe.  I thought i had it locked down. I thought i had Abi as my number. Two i  thought i had Pete. I think i'm in tkaeupbger if there's an immunity challenge  and i lose.  If i knew what i did wrong i could apologize and instead it's this blowup  again of nothing.  I don't know, either.  It can't just be me constantly saying "let's talk about this, let's get  over it, let's move on." we need to be united. We need to be a team.  I think the straw that broke the camel's back was when R.C. Let the clue out  of her bag and Abi's little brazilian spice just broke open.  She's like too much. She's just like -- seriously, are you insulting my  intelligence right now? You're trying to frigging fool me? I'm not stupid.  So more of my energy is going to go into just blowing a little oxygen on some  fire over here and let them flame out for me so that i don't have to be the  one that takes the heat. Kalabaw and Tandang getting your first look at the  new Matsing tribe. Angie voted out at the last tribal council. You guys ready  to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yeah.  Jeff: First thing's first, i'll take back the idols. Thank you. Thank you.  Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, one at a  time you will carry two pots of rice on a bamboo pole through a series of  obstacles. You'll place the pots in their stand and head back, then the next  person goes. Once you've collected all six pots, you will use a wrecking ball  to smash the pots. First two tribes to smash all six pots win immunity, safe  from the vote. Losers go to tribal koupb jill somebody will be voted out of  this game. Once again you are also playing for reward. The first tribe to  finish -- [all gasps].  Jeff: Steak, veggies, spices, all the utensils you need for a nice male and a  great source of protein. Second tribe to finish. Couple of veggies, salt and  pepper and a pot to cook it in. And if either winning tribe wants to trade in  their reward for a tarp you can still do so. Because Matsing is down to three  tribe members, Kalabaw, Tandang, half your tribe has to sit out of this  challenge. Who's it gonna be?  The three ladies are gonna sit out.  We're gonna sit the three ladies, too, Jeff.  Jeff: Both tribes sitting out the women. The men are gonna run it. Sit-outs  take a spot on the bench. Everybody else, i'll give you a minute to  strategize. We'll get started. Here we go. For immunity and a big reward, Survivors  ready? Go! Malcolm out first for Matsing, Skupin for Tandang and Carter for Kalabaw.  Malcolm off to a quick start, Skupin out there. Carter breaks a pot! He's got  to load another one. Malcolm off to a fast start for Matsing. Skupin now  slowing down.  Take your time!  Jeff: Cartier trying to get back in this. Matsing, for the first time in any  challenge, is in the lead. Skupin right behind. Carter having a lot of  trouble! He lost a pot right off the bat and now he's struggling.  Take your time!  Jeff: Malcolm heading back. Malcolm flying through the course for Matsing.  Russell now on the course for Matsing. Carter trying to make up some time now  for Kalabaw. There's Artis for Tandang. This is a challenge that may go  quickly, so falling behind can get you in trouble. Artis really taking his  time for Tandang. Carter's now back. Here comes Penner for Kalabaw! Russell  heads back to Matsing. Matsing still in the lead. Penner trying to make up  some ground and he is! Artis having trouble. His long legs getting there  this, scraping his back against that obstacle. Denise now heading out with  the final two pots of rice. Matsing still in the lead. The final two pots of  rice for Tandang. Kalabaw has picked up time, Jeff now heading out from Kalabaw.  Pete has now taken the lead for Tandang! Denise now starting to fall behind.  You're all right! We're doing fine!  Jeff: Here comes Jeff coming out with the last two pots for Kalabaw. Grabbing  both pots at once.  Come on, mama!  Jeff: Denise tries for two but can't do it, these pots are heavy and big.  Pete heads back. Slowly Kalabaw is gaining on Matsing. Jeff is now catching Denise.   Come on, Denise! Dig deep!  Jeff: Go, Tandang! Everybody under the obstacle. Tandang with the lead,  they're now heading out towards the final stage of this challenge. This is it!  Matsing is now back. They're heading out for the final stage of this  challenge. Kalabaw desperately trying to catch up. Hustle up, Kalabaw!  Come on, man!  They're back, who's gonna do it? Artis is gonna be the one smashing pots.  Malcolm gonna be the one smashing pots for Matsing. Kalabaw's back! Hustle  out, you have to get through this obstacle! Tandang with a nice smash! Artis  doing a great job.  Come on, Malcolm!  Jeff: Kalabaw's back! You guys are still in this!  Anybody's game! [screaming]  Jeff: Pot smashing all over the place. Tandang looking for one last pot.  Matsing down to two pots left. Another pot out. Four pots left for Kalabaw.  Artis for the win. [screaming] Tandang wins immunity and steak reward! We're  still going for second. Kalabaw down to two pots left. Matsing one pot left!  Kalabaw one pot left! This is it! Malcolm misses! Jeff misses! Matsing so  close they can taste it. Malcolm misses again! Jeff can win it! [screaming].  Jeff: Kalabaw wins immunity and reward! Matsing loses for the fourth straight  time! Huge comeback from Kalabaw.  You did great.  That was killer. [cheers and applause]  same old crap!  Oh, well.  Same old! Lord, i don't know what happened! You gave me another opportunity,  i don't get what's happening, father, you've got to help me understand this.  I just can't take this!  Jeff: Russell, you've been going on breaking pots, talking to i don't know  who, if you're talking to god --  i'm talking to god, lord -- i mean, Jeff. You know, for me, this isn't  supposed to happen.  Jeff: Russell, with all due respect, you sometimes talk like you're a  superhero. Like superman's never supposed to fail. You're just a guy!  I'm a guy who was formed by god's hands. I'm a perfect creature and as far as  i'm concerned that's the way i'm supposed to live my life: In excellence! And  everything i'm supposed to do is supposed to be excellent.  Jeff: And that means never failing?  Right. Right! Absolutely!  Jeff: Russell, not everyone can succeed at everything in a competition. By  design, someone will fail. Someone will lose.  It pisses me off but at the same time logically i understand.  Jeff: Tandang, nice job. Come get your reward and immunity.  Yeah! [applause]  look at all these spices, Abi, you're gonna go crazy.  Oh, my god, that's amazing.  Jeff: Kalabaw, nice job, come on over.  We're gonna trade the food for the tarp.  Really?  Uh-huh.  Jeff: All right, Kalabaw taking the tarp and immunity, grab your stuff, head  back to camp, enjoy the night off.  Peace out, guys.  Jeff: Russell, Denise, Malcolm, you know the drill. You're the only tribe to  go to tribal council, you're going again tonight. One of the three of you  will be voted out of this game. Grab your stuff, head back to grab your  stuff, head back to camp, see you at tribal. Camp, see you at tribal. My  lowest low was after the challenge today. My dog died a few years ago that i  had all my life and i didn't cry. I was about ready to cry after that  challenge because it hurt that much.  You okay?  Yeah.  It's disbelief, frustration, sadness, all those things because tonight we  have to vote one of the three of us out. It could be me.  Vote Denise out, that's it. Got to keep the two athletes.  Exactly.  You know, me and Denise have been strategically aligned since day one but i'm  having to make decisions on day 9 that i didn't consider having to make until  day 20 or so. I'd like to think that Russell believes that i'm going with him  to vote out Denise and keep our matchup strong going forward and i'd like for  Denise to believe that i'm with her and that we're going to vote out russ  like we've been planning for a week we've been planning for a week now. Now.  I've got my alliance that's with Malcolm and i hope it's strong. For me it's  strong. But if Russell has the immunity idol it's not good. And, you know, i  don't want to have to draw rocks, i don't want to have to revote. I don't  want to have to go there. So right now we're trying to get Russell to thing  that he's the swing. Or to think that he's comfort sobl that if he does have  an immunity idol he doesn't play it. What are you thinking?  This just really sucks. This just isn't right. I don't go into anything  expecting less than the best and when i lose i'm pissed. But i'll get over  it. I just -- i don't know any other way. I don't know how else people  approach life.  Is that how you've always been? Is that how you've always handled --  you know, it just got to -- i got jumped by two kids. I was probably about  eight. I was walking home from school and, you know, i got beat up, but beat  up as little kids get beat up. It wasn't like a grown man butt-whooping where  you're in the hospital. And i can remember for a long time after that i would  go to school and i was scared because i would see them and they would tease  and all that kind of stuff. So long story short i catch one of them and  without even thinking i just punched him right in his face and he started  crying. And there was something about that. Like, not the -- because i don't  condone violence. But it was something about just not being in fear. I think  just from that day it was just like i'm not gonna cower in the face of  anything.  I see. So you're trying to figure out why we're in this.  Right.  But i don't know --  the first thing i'm trying to figure out if i'm going home tonight.  Well, that's what i -- i don't know what your thoughts are but look, i like Malcolm  but individual immunity long term, once it's there, once you here in with  another tribe physically --  it doesn't matter, it's about social at that point.  Exactly. Socially he's a big threat. Physically the way he's gonna perform. I  mean, i don't know what your thoughts are.  Well, i tell you what, if you vote that way --  i mean, that's just a thought. I don't know how you're --  see, i didn't know what was up with you and Malcolm. I had always assumed  there was an alliance --  you have to weigh it out every time.  Yeah.  And kind of go, well, what's --  yeah. I mean, i'm just glad to know that i at least have a chance. I thought  i was gone. To be honest with you --  i assume i'm gone. We're all vulnerable tonight. I assume okay, well --.  Well, Denise finally has kind of said something to me about wanting to vote Malcolm.  Now, wait a minute, what if it -- what if it really is Malcolm wanting to  vote Denise and Denise wanting to vote Malcolm and i'm in this pivotal  position. What am i gonna do?  Oh, you're is full of mood. You want know dig it?  Yeah. Tonight with only three people and everyone telling everyone else it's  the other person this could go any way, really. And i like to think i'm  sitting in the controlling seat.  No chance we're being dry tonight.  Denise walks up to me, i say "yeah, we're getting rid of russ."  russ walked unto me "yeah, we're getting rid of Denise." russ  probably walks up to Denise and Denise says "let's get rid of Malcolm.  We have the best bond." it's terrifying.  Yes i'm a midwesterner, yes i have faith in human beings, i have to, that's  what i hang on to. If i get bamboozled tonight it's not going to shake my  faith that these are two good guys. It will tell me that, you know, i screwed  up and they played the i screwed up and they played the game better than me.  Game better than me.  Jeff: Wow, Denise, crazy, right?  Crazy. That doesn't even hardly explain it. Absolutely nuts.  Jeff: So, Malcolm, today at camp must have been interesting because it would  be a safe assumption to think if player one says to player two who is it,  they're going to say player three.  There's no telling what's going to happen. Just because we're all saying the  same thing to everyone. You're not playing the game if you're not saying  something different to everybody right now .  Denise, you feel the same way?  Absolutely. Each one of us, our bags are full. It's a helpless feeling.  Jeff: Russell, let's talk about the challenge today. Specifically when it was  over. One of the things you said was-- and i'm paraphrasing-- if i do my best  i should win.  It's a mind-set, Jeff, and i talked to Denise a little bit today because  she's a therapist to take the temperature of my perspective on this attitude  of excellence and you know where i came up? There is nothing wrong with me  expecting excellence for myself every time no matter what it is that i'm  doing. So i'm comfortable with that. If it's a fatal flaw, i have to accept  it.  Jeff: Who put Malcolm in the spot at the end of the challenge, the go-to guy.   I threw my hand up, called for the ball and didn't get the job done and  taking all the heat for that. For the first few challenges, you know, i think  we all to an extent felt we were being let down by everybody else. And i tell  you when you're the one who lets people down it stings double. That's totally  on me today.  Jeff: All right, let's get down to it. Denise, why keep you tonight?  I think in terms of wherever this goes i'll continue to be a strong physical  player. Got a strong social game to help make alliances going over wherever  we end up.  Jeff: Malcolm, why keep you tonight?  We can't wait for a twist or a merge or anything. We have to win something at  some point and, you know, no offense to russ but i got 20 years on the guy.  He's stale hoss, but i got pep in my step. No e fence to Denise, she's an ox  of a woman, i drop a foot on her vertically. I dropped the ball today but i  think we're the biggest physical asset we have.  Jeff: Russell, why should Malcolm not be here tonight?  Because he is such a young stud. He's a threat. Not to say that i'm not. But  when i grow up i want to be like Malcolm. This guy is incredible.  Jeff: So your argument to Denise to keep you is what?  Okay, look, we have to comPete. I can comPete. Can't comPete like Malcolm.  But i'm no slouch. And there's still going to be something on the social end  going forward. And i can do that, too, based on what i know experientially  what needs to happen.  Jeff: So few f you two stay together you could maybe survive?  That's correct.  Jeff: Malcolm, tell me why it makes sense to get rid of Denise tonight.  She's a step above all of us socially. I don't think anything anybody can say  a single negative thing about Denise at this point.  She gets in front of a jury they will stand up, they will say "you guys  suck, you suck, she wins."  Jeff: [laughs]  you know, you're great, you're cute, you look funny.  You're enthusiastic. Oh but there's Denise.  Can i write you my own check along with the check you get from "Survivor"  to help with the taxes? [laughter]  Jeff: So Malcolm, what do you think is going to happen tonight?  I think that the two going forward are going to be the two that have the best  chance together to go deep in this game.  Jeff: And with that it is time to vote. Russell, you're up.  I'm only making this vote because you're just gonna be too big a threat going  forward, but big a threat going forward, but you are a great kid. You are a  great kid. You are a great kid.  Sorry, brother.  Sorry, brother.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it now would be the time to do so. [thunderclaps]  Jeff: Okay, once the votes are read, the decision is final. Person voted out  will be asked to leave the tribal council area immediately. I'll read the  votes. First vote, russ. Malcolm. One vote Malcolm; one vote russ. One vote  left. Fourth person voted out of "Survivor: Philippines" --  oh!  Jeff: Russ. Bring your torch. Russ, the tribe has spoken. Russ, the tribe has  spoken. Time for you to go. Time for you to go.  Well, there's not much to say. You're down to two, you know what you've got  to do: Keep fighting. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. Good night.  Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, captioned by media  access group at wgbh media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Text time on "Survivor." with Matsing down to only two  members --  there's two of us against two tribes of six.  Jeff: The idol is their only hope.  This might be my last chance. I feel like an idiot.  Jeff: For Kalabaw everything is about to change.  The only time medical pulls anybody from this game is when their life is in  danger. Their life is in danger. Wow. Wow.  Right now it's just utter shock. I was completely blindsided. It's been a  rough ten days wet wise, dealing with my tribe this which was definitely  dysfunctional in so many ways and this was just the straw that breaks the  camel's back and it's obvious me and "Survivor" don't get along so  i think i'm done get along so i think i'm done with this.