<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor": In a battle between three tribes,  mat sing was the only tribe to perfect the art of farr.  I'm sick of this. Either go hard or go home.  Mat sing winless!  They've lost three challenges in a row.  One win is all it will take to know we're not destined for annihilation.  Jeff: They were the only tribe not to have found the hidden immunity idol.  Until my torch is snuffed, i am going to need it.  Forical bow and Tandang, their winning streak could not hide the cracks.  Penner used his idol to form a secret alliance of men.  Let's ride together and see where we go.  Jeff: The women joined forces against the men. Don't underestimate a female.  That's the worst thing you can do to a woman.  Oh, my god, i found it.  Jeff: They started a majority alliance with Lisa and Artis. At the immunity  challenge, for the fourth time in a row--  this is it!  Jeff: Mat sing lost, and Russell lost it.  I don't get what's happening, fawct. Malcolm and Denise voted out the first  returning player. Russ, the tribe has spoken. You're down to two. You know  what you gotta do, keep fighting. 14 are left, who will be voted out tonight  opinion  we're down to two members on day 10 already. I thought this might happen on  day 39, not-- not a week and a half into the game.  Oh, it's just so cold.  This is seriously going to be the coldest night.  Yup.  It's not totally unprecedented to have one tribe so low, but this early on,  we don't know what to expect or what's going to get thrown at us.  You, the one tribe, me the other tribe. That's the only thing i can think of  is all of a sudden it will be mixed.  Everyone loves an underdog so you're right. Two against 12? The odds are long  but i wouldn't count us out just yet. Captioning brought to you by Survivor  productions, cbs,  mosquitoes  i know.  Come orain, stop for a little bit. The rain didn't let up all night. We don't  have a tarp. We haven't won anything. So it was just us in the fetal position  waiting for the sun to come up.  Malcolm, we've got mail.  We're about as own downand out as you possibly can get at this point.  Living from the sea and living off the land.  We have a reward challenge today, two of us against two tribes of six. It  seems like a good time for some sort of tribe mix-up or swap or just be  absorbed. If we're not coming back to our beach this might be the last chance  to look for the idol.  I don't have a clue. We don't know what's going to happen now that we're down  to two. Maybe it's going to be, like, a reshuffling of the deck. But the  immunity idol is still here, so we started looking all over. If it's in our  camp, where would it be?  The trees-- the basket was always here.  There's nothing in here but rice. This should not be that complicated. We're  digging up every point of interest around our camp, trying to find this damn  thing. I'm going to burn the damn thing down until i find it. I feel like a  plooep idiol yot. It's not rice.  I'm clueless.  Let me see that thing real quick.  Here you go.  I mean-- i checked every part on this basket, right?  Please tell me that is it. Thank you!  Oh!  This is huge pee wehave no stake going forward except each other against 12  other people. This is leverage? This gives me a huge amount of power in this  game. It's been so tough for a week and a half. Now i'm giddy like a school  year. Oh, my god.  We did just find hidden immunity idol. It was frustrating because if we're  absorbed into the same tribe, great. We can figure out a way to use it to our  advantage. If we're split, Malcolm's got the idol in his possession, and i  haven't found my own.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! Kalabaw and Tandang getting your first look at the  new masting tribe. Russell voted out at the last tribal council. And with  that, masting is down to two tribe members left, Malcolm and Denise. Lisa, do  you still look at them as a tribe being decimated or is that done and we're  now left with two individuals fighting to stay alive in this game?  I think you can look at it as a tribe that is decimate or two people who have  prevailed.  Jeff: Here's what's going to happen. Buffs. Masting has been decimated.  Masting is no more. Malcolm and Denise, you're going to join either Tandang  or Kalabaw. We're going to find out right now.  Oh, yes!  Jeff: There are two buffs. They're wrapped.  Do you want to switch or not?  I'm good.  Jeff: And the suspense.  Yes!  Jeff: Malcolm goes to Tandang.  Whooo!  Jeff: Denise goes to Kalabaw.  Welcome!  Thank you!  Jeff: So we have two tribes now, Tandang versus Kalabaw. It's like we're  starting over in a sense. You ready to get to your first reward challenge as  new tribes?  Yeah.  Yes.  Jeff: For today's challenge we're going to square off one on one. You will  each be holding an idol. Your job is to knock their idol off before they  knock off yours. The foirs score five wins reward. Want to know what you're  playing for?  Yeah.  Jeff: This will make the mornings and afternoons sweeter.  No!  Jeff: Coffee, tea, biscuits, cookies.  Oh, my god.  Jeff: I'll give you a minute to strategize and we'll get started. All right, Jeff  taking on Malcolm, squaring off in round one. Here we go. Survivors ready?  Go.  Malcolm!  Jeff: You have to knock their hideol off your hands before they knock off  yours. Two strong 50 guys, fighting for this reward. Malcolm's idol hit the  ground first.  That's okay.  Jeff: Jeff with a nice score for Kalabaw. Artis with aan obvious reach  advantage. Dana will have to employ something other than finesse against this  long reach of Artis. Tandang scores. We are tied, 1-1. Go. Nice little match  going here.  That's it, that's it. Use that reach, baby. You got her.  Jeff: Call bah leads 2-1. Penner versus Skupin.  You got this.  Jeff: Skupe win a nice move scores for Tandang.  Wow!  Jeff: We are tied 2-2. R.C. Up for Tandang, going against Denise. Denise  would like to prove herself right here.  Be careful, R.C.  Jeff: Denise with a nice jork Kalabaw scores. Kalabaw, 3-2, playing to five.  Carter going up for Kalabaw, versus Pete for Tandang. Both guys cagey.  Come on, Pete. You got this.  Jeff: Pete with a nice move. Tandang scores! We are tied 3-3. Next two.  Dawson versus Abi.  You got it, baby. Send her up Dawson's creek.  Jeff: You have to be aggressive in this challenge.  Come on, Abi. &gt;abi. She pulled the hair, she pulled the hair.  Jeff: Abi with a nice move. Tandang scores and leads 4-3. She went for my  hair.  Jeff: What happened, Abi?  She went for a hair.  I didn't mean to.  Play like a man.  Jeff:ical comcould make himself very popular bringing home the reward for Tandang.  Kalabaw needs to win to stay alive. Survivors ready? Go.  Come on, Malcolm.  Jeff: Reward and bragging rights on the line right here. Pretty even match.  Tandang wins reward! Malcolm, first challenge on his new tribe brings home  the victory for Tandang. Malcolm, how does that feel?  I got a team that i'm really excited about now. And i'm going to have some  sugar tonight! I'm so happy. ( applause )  Jeff: Tandang, come on over. Get your reward.  We have chocolate muffins!  Jeff: Denise, five straight challenges, still no win.  But i've got a new family, so, you know, it may be a loss today but truly, i  have just this awesome vibe about this tribe already.  Jeff: Kalabaw, got nothing for you. Grab your stuff, head back to camp.  I like this lady, but i sure would have preferred to have Malcolm on my team  because we might have had the cookies and coffee, and now they have an  advantage over us physically.  Oh, this is a cool little spot.  You don't realize how down in the dump you are until you finally get a win  and things start going your way. I got an immunity idol this morning. I got a  new tribe in the afternoon. I feel like i got my swag back.  Tandang!  Ya!  Yeah!  Oh!  All i can hope for is look for a crack and get myself wedged in there because  it's the easiest thing in the world to say he's the odd guy, let's get rid of  him.  You want one of these cookies.  Yes, please.  You know, you're so welcome.  We were rooting for you.  Yeah, we really wanted you.  I wanted to be here, too.  Malcolm has brought wonderful energy to our tribe. He's a great guy. He's a  strength physically, so that's huge for us in the challenges.  I haven't eaten since yesterday morning.  Oh, enjoy it! You should have another one.  No i'm fine. I should so much i feel like i want to dance. I have so much  sugar going.  He also has a great attitude. He's good-look, he's smart, he's easy going. So  he hasn't brought any kind of negative energy into the tribe which is really  great.  I think i would have fared better if we got Denise.  How old are you?  24.  Me, too.  You know, at first i thought maybe i had a fighting chance. Maybe i can get  him on my side but, you know, the minute i saw him talking to Peter i knew it  was over. You know, having this new person join and be accepted right away,  it sort of does bring me back a little bit to childhood because i was bullied  in school.  You know what i mean?  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.  On "Survivor" you're in this place where you don't know where to  turn to. You don't have people that you can sort of go and talk to and say,  "this is how i'm feeling. What should i be doing? "you know. But i  didn't starve and have no fire and work in those challenges to let them walk  all over me i'm going to fight and hopefully we don't have to go to tribal  council and time has to be on my side at this point because i need time, and  hopefully time to flirt with Malcolm.  No pressure, right?  That's fine. Hey, we've got fire. Oh, my god, thank you. You're the best.  Such a great addition. Thanks.  When i saw Malcolm upwrap that yellow buff i was ecstatic. I was always leery  getting rid of mike but now we have another strong guy and he's probably not  as stupid.  Don't go with them. Mike has been annoying since day one. Story after story.  You're trying to make a fire, he get his hand in. Plus we have the idol, so.  Oh, you do?  They don't know that. Don't tell them.  Okay. Sick.  Whenever you need it, we've got it.  You and Abi have it? Sick.  Information is power. I might as well get all of it as i can and it wasn't  that difficult for Pete to immediately say, "i have the idol." no  one knows i have one and if Pete is telling me he hawse one he might use that  to save me or something we can use jointly, now because of you we can get rid  of mike.  I'm like the stud football player from the rifle. Everyone wants to get to  know me. Everyone is pulling me aside. I'll be your best friend. Those guys  are losers. I won't lie, i'm enjoying it right now.  Just to be in a new family and in a new tribe is great.  Well, welcome.  Thank you guys. And trying to blind blend in with my new family here and  figure out what my role will be. I am really glad to be part of your tribe, i  really am. Whatever i can do to help. Whatever i can do to prove i have  value, even if it's keeping me around for one more tribal, i can regroup.  Every step is an opportunity to regroup and turn things around.  We're happy to have you. &gt;&gt;-- i.  -- that was the best thing. I am so happy.  So, my alliance consists of Dana, Dawson, and myself. Against the guys. We  need Denise, like, that was the one reason why i was happy what we got a  female because we have a better chance of getting Denise on our side than we  do getting Malcolm. From hereon out, it's my job to get Denise underneath my  arm. As long as we can convince her that, hey oorkt us girls, hopefully she  really won't listen to the guys  gosh! Wow!  It's cold.  Yeah, it is. I'm soaked.  You don't look like you're feel good, Dana.  I'm not out of it, but i'm trying. I woke up this morning, and i guess i just  have a bad immune system, i don't know. But i just can't shake the cold. I am  dizzy, nauseous, completely dehydrated. I started getting this sharp pain in  my stomach. I don't know, it just started getting worse.  You all right?  Get out of the way, get out of the way, get out of the way! I can't stop  shaking. I can't get that aching pain out of my stomach. I can't hold  anything down. You know, back home, i'm kind of supposed to be tough, but  you're only as tough as your body, i think, will allow you to be  i think she'll be fine tomorrow.  What? She's probably puking her guts out. Day 11 sucks. It's freezing. And  i'm a big, fat guy. You know, it doesn't really affect me that much. But Dana's  sick. She weighs 47 pounds or something. I don't know. She's as big as my  finger, you know. And she may just be shutting down.  Come on and get under this blanket, girlie.  Oh, my god.  Are you all right?  Wrap up in that blanket and get warm but you gotta get out of those wet clothes.  Take everything off. You get naked under that blanket. We'll warm you up?  Are you in pain? Is it your stomach?  You're burning up, girl.  Dana is in bad shape. She can barely talk. You want to lay down in my lap? I  know it hurts, huh? This girl is shutting down. She needed some medical  attention. I hear a boat. Maybe they're coming now.  Jeff: Is that Dana in there?  Yeah, she's in there.  Jeff: Oh, my gosh!  She's got a fever hey, Dana, it's Jeff. Do you want to talk to Jeff?  Jeff: Hi, Dana. Wow. You were hidden in there. What's going on? Give me an  update.  My stomach.  Jeff: Let's go.  Out of nowhere Jeff probst is in my camp, which is, you know, typically i'd  jump up and down and maybe jump on him, but it just wasn't good timing, you  know. So he was there for Dana, and he brought her to see medical.  Just relax. It's a bit uncomfortable there. Okay.  Jeff: What are you seeing?  I'm seeing around this right side and around the middle was where she was  having the most amount of pain.  Jeff: What does the pain feel like, Dana? Give me some way to relate to it.  Like a knife. It comes and it goes.  Okay.  Jeff: What's your first guess, joe?  I think certainly her tummy is irritated. Whether or not that's from an  infection or some other process going on, it's hard to say.  Jeff: Stow, can you tell right now if she is-- whether or not she's in pain,  forgetting that, just in terms of her being able to continue, can she  continue medically?  Yes, she could-- we could try it for another 12 hours. I think we could see  if she could try and get some more fluids into her, herself, and we could try  and see if she can last that long and longer.  Jeff: So, Dana, the reason i'm bringing this up is, clearly, you're  uncomfortable. But the only time medical pulls anybody from this game is when  mm decides they cannot last another moment because their life is in danger.  So joe's saying you're not in a life-threatening situation. So now it's--  it's on you. What do you want to do?  Jeff: What do you want to do? Is this something you're ready to give up on?  I guess. Yeah, i can't stay. I can't be out here sick any more. I wish i  wasn't sick.  Jeff: I know you're in pain. You're pulling yourself out of the game? (  crying ) do you want to go and tell the tribe what's happening or do you want  me to? How do you want to go out? You're going to have relief in just  moments. The pain's going to go away. Let's finish this adventure on your  terms, okay? They can come out here. You want to do that? Okay. Hang tight.  Come on here, guys. You know better than i do how she's doing. But she wanted  to talk to you guys herself. Tell you what's going on.  I tried to hang.  You pushed yourself the best you could and we're proud of you.  Jeff: I want to just update you on what happens. We don't pull anybody unless  it's truly life threatening, but it's clear that Dana is struggling so she  just can't go on anymore, and she wanted you guys to know. Penner, you know  what this is like. You went through this.  Horrible, devastating. I felt exactly the way she feels. I totally empathize.  I was weeping. I was so frustrated.  I'm sorry.  No, no, no.  Don't be sorry. Not even for a second. We're only sorry for you. We're sorry  that you're feeling so bad. And know that we-- we have-- we were just saying  back there how much we love you and respect you.  You're part of our camp. You did everything.  And how great it's been getting to know you.  Feel better!  We love you so much!  Thanks, Jeff. We love you.  Take care!  Bye, babe. Dana leaving the game screws up everything. I'm literally at a  loss under words because this could not have happened at a worse time. I  mean, i love the girl. It sucks that it happened. But, like, my best ally  just got taken away by the medic. And i'm like what the hell am i going to do  to survive?  Jeff: Come on in, guys! Tandang getting your first look at the new Kalabaw  tribe. Dana felt she was too sick to continue. She pulled herself from the  game. And just like that, Tandang has a one-person advantage in this game.  All right, you guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Jeff: First things first, take back the idols. Thank you. Thank you. No need  for two idols anymore. One will do. Once again, immunity is back up for  grabs. For today's challenge, on my go, you'll race through a series of  obstacles. You'll then untie knots to release a drawbridge. One person will  chop a rope, dropping bamboo puzzle pieces. You'll race to find the pees with  letters on them and use them to solve a word phrase. First tribe to get it  right wins immunity, safe from the vote. Losers go to tribal council where  somebody will be going out. Tandang wins they take a big lead in this game.  Kalabaw has a chance to tie it up right here. Tandang, you have one extra  member, who are you going to sit out? Abi, i gotta ask of all the challenges  we've had, how many have you participated in?  Two.  Jeff: Wow. All right, Abi, take a spot on the bench. Everybody else, i'll  give you a minute to strategize. We'll get started. Here we go. For immunity.  Survivors ready? Go! Wow, Carter and Skupin quickly down. Impressive  beginning. Gotta get up and over. Both tribes helping each other over. Go, Tandang.  Kalabaw off to a slow start. Katy really slowing them down on a very easy  portion of this challenge. A huge setback for Kalabaw. Tandang with a big  lead right now.  You got it?  Jeff: R.C. And Artis working on the rope for Tandang. Here comes Kalabaw.  Katy once again last one over. Katy struggling.  Go!  You got it, you guys. Come on.  Jeff: Carter and Denise working on the ropes for call bah. Once you have the  ropes untied, that drawbridge of drop. Great team work by both tribes.  Tandang is through the ropes up top. Denise has one half of the top rope for Kalabaw.  Carter has the other half of the top rope for Kalabaw. Kalabaw has made up  some ground. Everybody now working on the bottom set of ropes. Neither tribe  has been to tribal council yet in this game.  We got it! Ya!  Jeff: Tandang is threw their draw bridge. Kalabaw is fall behind. Keep  moving, Kalabaw. Malcolm chopping the rope for tan daipg. You have to chop  all the way through to release those puzzle pieces. Kalabaw on the last bit  of rope trying to get through the drawbridge, still suffering from the  beginning with katy. Malcolm is through the rope! They've dropped their  puzzle pieces.  Good!  Jeff: Kalabaw drops their drawbridge. Jeff going to start chopping on the  wood for Kalabaw. He's got some time to make up. Tandang is looking for every  bamboo piece that has a letter on it, 19 total. Jeff's slowing down now. Jeff  going to bail out, Penner going to come in to do some relief. Penner flying  through that wood now. The puzzle pieces released for Kalabaw. Tandang with a  big head start and it goes back to the start of the challenge, katy could not  get over the mound. It is a five-word phrase. Kalabaw has all of their puzzle  pieces. It is Penner and Dawson working for Kalabaw, and Lisa and Pete  working for Tandang. If Tandang wins, they would have a two-person advantage  in the game.  Right there.  Jeff: Both tribes working together well. Everybody in on this challenge,  except for Abi sitting out yet again.  Got a "y?"  Jeff: Trying another combination of words. Penner thinks he might have it.  Live to play. Another day. Another day! Another day!  Jeff: Both tribes think they have it. It's a race new to see who can get it  first.  We got it, we got it, we got it!  Jeff: Live to play another day. Tandang wins immunity by seconds.  Oh, my god.  We came from behind one more second.  Jeff: Tandang, congratulations.  Whooo!  Jeff: You remain undefeated in this game. Enjoy the night off.  Whooo!  Baby!  Jeff: Tonight with the exception of Denise, this will be a new experience for  Kalabaw. Tribal council tonight where one of the six of you will be voted out  of this game. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. I'll see you at tribal  council.  If katy had been three seconds faster and Dawson had been a little more  helpful with the puzzle i think we would have won. And now we're going to be  down two people and that gap at this stage in the game may just be  insurmountable.  Big time.  Their size advantage, they have a margin we don't have.  Sorry, guys. I feel bad.  Why?  I totally sucked in this challenge. It's pretty embarrassing to be the one  that, like, totally screwed up everyone. And it's like i feel like every time  they make a moan or a groan it's because of me.  Katy you were having trouble on that first one.  I'm sorry.  No, you were having trouble. What are you going to do?  I screwed up. There's nothing else i can really say. A really crappy  performance. If i was them, i'd say see you later, katy. That suction.  No one's voting you. You're paranoid.  Did you not see me today?  You were not good.  I was not good.  You were not good.  I was bad.  Katy sucked in this challenge today. She was no good.  I'm embarrassed.  I can understand that.  I'm embarrassed.  You were not good, but anyway, we have to move on from that katy sucked. Katy  blew it. I told katy she sucked. She knows she sucked, but Denise, she's  north part of our original tribe. She's only been in our tribe for two days.  I'm a part of a tribe that has lost again. It's just-- it's heartbreaking.  I'm worried. I haven't had 13 days to bond with these guys. I don't know if  they're going to go loyalty or they're going to go logic.  I didn't come out here to keep visiting Jeff at tribal. I mean, truly--  that's thing. There's an alliance of three where i'm in. We have to know if  you're on our side.  I want to be on your guys' side.  The thing is, if you're with us, then you're the fourth.  Absolutely.  All right.  Got it.  We need them in, and right now it comes down to, you know, who is going to  hold the most value in the challenges for us. Denise is stronger than Dawson  and katy. I think she's physical and she's mental. I think she's got some  pretty good smart on her.  I think i got Denise on our side.  She's with us three.  Perfect.  So we've got four.  Denise? We're great.  She's great. There are really three options at this point. Denise, katy, or Dawson.  But i can't see getting rid of Denise now. She's a hell of a competitor. She  was right in it to win it today. No way could we point at her and say she's  the one who caused us this challenge. So it's katy our Dawson. Dawson, i need  you to find some more wood.  Okay.  Are we alone?  Barely alone.  It's either katy or Dawson.  I mean, i kind of wish it was katy. Katy just looks checked out to me. Even  now, she's just walking around the beach.  We lost Dawson. She had puzzles in her hand and you were trying to get them  and she wasn't even giving them to you. I'm fiewmed.  I'm willing to talk about it. I'd just like to-- i don't know. Katy did not  perform well today. She performed poorly. And i can't say that that's what  cost us the challenge. But it didn't help. But before today, Dawson is just  been the weakest member of the tribe. I don't think she performed  particularly well today. I don't think she performed stafdisastrously. It's a  big choice, actually.  Maybe i should date an athlete.  What do you consider an athlete?  Football, basketball, then i guess at the end maybe baseball. I know Jeff is  from a professional athlete, and as far as i know, i'm the only person who  knows. So i enjoe getting into his mind and making him uncomfortable. There's  too much standing around. It's, like, a whole bunch of grown guys just like--  it's a lot of fun to make him squirm. And it's a lot of fun to-- i don't  know. I feel like i've kind of got, like, a little mouse that doesn't know  it's in a corner, and i'm like playing with it. And i'm going to snap on it.  Football is better than baseball.  Dawson starts talking a lot of sports, so i'm walking on eggshells right now  because right now i'm having a good time with these people being normal, and  i am normal. That's what i am. I used to be a ball player. No problem about  it. I'm here just like them doing the same thing. If they put two and two  together i'm in trouble. Tonight's vote could be based on a value for winning  challenges in our tribe. You know, it may be katy. It may be Dawson.  Let's just get this done right now. Is it katy or is it her?  Dawson knows my history as an athlete and the best scenario might be just to  vote her out.  For those of you who don't have a torch approach the flame and get fire. This  is part of the ritual at tribal council because in this game, fire represents  your life. And as long as you have fire, you are still in this game, and when  your fire is gone, so are you. And, unfortunately, tonight, that will be the  case for one of you. Dawson, how did Dana leaving impact this tribe?  Dana leaving hit us harder than the rain ever could. She was one of the  strongest people i've ever met. Seeing her fall and get so weak and feel so  helpless that she's just banging her fist on the ground because she wants to  stay but physically she can't, that hit us very hard.  Jeff: Penner, in three days you go from being undefeated and now you're down  two.  Yeah, it's terrible. I mean it's just bad luck. Somebody on their tribe could  have gotten sick and we could be in a completely opposite place. And,  honestly, i believe if Dana were healthy and with us today we would have won  that challenge. So losing her was devastating to us.  Jeff: Katie, at today's challenge, miserable start for the tribe on your  shoulders.  Absolutely. I feel like the biggest idiot in the world. I'm not making  excuses for myself at all, because, obviously, these people could do it. So,  really, all i can do is hope that they believe in me and they've seen me comPete  in other challenges and they know that i am capable, and i am worthy to stay  here.  Jeff: Penner, would it be fair to vote somebody out who let you down at the  challenge?  If it's just based on the today's performance, yes, that would be an easy  vote.  Jeff: Dawson, Denise is the newest member on this tribe, but she seems to be  a pretty worthy competitor. Argument for her staying and someone else going?  Absolutely. We need every competitor we can get our hands on, and now we're  here, and it's definitely bittersweet. You know, we love to see you, but it  sucks having to vote someone out.  Jeff: Dawson, why keep you?  I try to keep the spirit of the camp up. You know, i try to be optimistic and  empowering, being positive in this weather in 13 days of rain, that goes  pretty far.  Jeff: Jeff, what are the biggest factors for you that you're going to base  your vote on tonight?  You know, i think we look at all weak links in our tribe. We look at people  working around the camp. We look at value going forward, loyalty. We look at  challenges. We need to win challenges to keep our numbers up. So that's a  factor in our decision tonight.  Jeff: All right, for the first time, Kalabaw, it is time to vote. Katie,  you're up.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has the hidden immunity idol and  you want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay, once the votes are  read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Denise.  Dawson. One vote Denise, one vote Dawson. Dawson. Dawson. That's three votes Dawson,  one vote Denise. Fifth person voted out of "Survivor: Philippines, Dawson.  Wow.  Jeff: That's four. That's enough. You need to bring me your torch. Dawson,  the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  Wow.  Jeff: First tribal council, first blindside. But moreally, you are now down  two tribe members in a game all about numbers. This tribe has got to get a  win. Grab your torches, head back to camp. Good night. Captioning brought to  you by Survivor productions, cbs, captioned by media access group at wgbh  access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor": In a war between Tandang and Kalabaw--   come on, guys, dig deep!  Jeff: It's getting physical right off the bat. Everyone plays dirty.  You don't want to hear what i have to say.  Jeff: And the game gets personal.  You can keep all that mess to yourself.  All right, calm down.  Jeff: I'm pretty sure this is unprecedented.  I could have blown up his spot, but maybe he could be one of those, you know,  millionaires who actually come on the show and win. If he wins, he owes me so  big! I want a motorcycle and a side car, and a pink gun. That's what i want  from Jeff