<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor." after 13 days in a battle between  three tribes-- Matsing loses again! Tandang and Kalabaw had yet to lose while  Matsing had yet to win. It was down to Malcolm and Denise.  We're about as down and out as you can get at this point.  But when you're dead in the water, an idol can breathe new life.  This gives me a huge amount of power in this game.  Jeff: At the reward challenge Malcolm, Denise, drop your buffs. Matsing was  no more. Malcolm and Denise started new chapters on separate tribes. We have  two tribes now. Tandang, Malcolm felt right at home, gaining Pete's trust.  We have the idol. I feel like i got my swag back.  Putting mike and R.C. Further on the outs.  I didn't work to let them walk all over me. I'm going to fight.  Jeff: At Kalabaw, there were two alliances heading in opposite directions.  The men's alliance had Penner's idol.  The idol is right under your nose.  Jeff: And grew stronger when they recruited Denise.  If you're with us, you're the fourth.  Absolutely. Every step is an opportunity to turn things around. Stphaoul  while the women's alliance was hit hard.  I can't be out here!  Jeff: When Dana pulled herself from the game.  My best ally got taken away, what am i going to do to survive?  Jeff: At the immunity challenge, Katie struggled. Tandang wins immunity!  Costing Kalabaw the victory. Back in camp, in the face of diminishing  numbers, strength was vital and Katie was an easy target.  I was bad.  Jeff: But when Dawson messed with the bull --  the braves are the best team.  Jeff: She got the horns. I used to be a ball player. If but a son knows, best  scenario might be to vote her out.  Jeff: Fifth person voted out of "Survivor: Philippines," Dawson. 12  are left, who will be voted out tonight.  I am totally worried because i don't have my girls anymore to help me out. So  i'm at the bottom of the totem polypole now and i have to find my way out of  it. Strength is going to drive this and i'm looking like the weakest length  so i've got to work my magic and see what happens.  Did you knows he brought his bag with him to tribal? He knew he wasn't going  home but he had it on him just in case.  I just do. I think he's got it.  I think so, too.  I think he's got it.  In this game it's every single man for himself and if that means planting  seeds in n people's heads, i'm going to have to do what i have to do.  Okay, we take out strength now or strength after the merge?  There's no guarantee after the merge. There's no guarantee. So i think we  have to get rid of Penner. It's a no-brainer. If i can get rid of Jonathan,  that's going to keep me here at least through the merge and i intend on  making that happen. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs,  just to get it going because we should make breakfast.  We don't have a lot of rice left.  We don't?  No.  What have you all been doing?  Eating raw rice. (laughs)  we haven't really had much to eat, especially since mike decided to deplete  all of our rice resource by eating it dry.  This is the way chickens eat everyday, right?  He thinks it cooks in your body because it's pretty close to 100 degrees. So  mike makes horrible decisions. He's the most useless player ever returned to  "Survivor" and he needs to go home.  I don't want to make breakfast. I want to be careful.  Nothing for the challenge?  Unless you'd rather be hungry for the rest of your time here.  I'm just saying even if we made one cup and split it between everybody for  breakfast? Like, just something in our stomachs?  Yes, even, even.  As a returning player, i just don't understand. Mike is literally ate us out  of house and home. We have no food because of mike. I consider us Tandang  plus one. And mike's the one. And right now with us getting Malcolm, mike has  become expendable.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! Tandang getting your first look at the new Kalabaw  tribe. Dawson votes out at the last tribal council. All right, you guys ready  to get to today's reward challenge?  Yeah!  Jeff: On my go, three members from each tribe will race out to the large  wicker ball. You will work together to push that ball through your goal while  the other tribe is doing everything they can to stop you. Each time you get  the ball through your goal you score a point for your tribe. First tribe to  three wins reward. Want to know what you're playing for?  Yeah!  Jeff: After 13 days, you need some food. The winning tribe will be taken to a  dry hut where you will have sandwiches, soup, potato chips, brownies.  Oh, my word!  Jeff: Worth playing for?  Yeah!  Jeff: Tandang, you have two extra members that are going to sit out one man  and one woman. Who's it going to be? R.C. And Artis, take a seat on the  bench. We'll give you a minute to strategize and we'll get started. First  round, Lisa, Pete and Skupin for Tandang going up against Penner, Carter and Denise  from Kalabaw. Here we go! Survivors ready? Go! It is a race to get that ball  first Skupin and Carter get there at the same time.  Dig deep!  Take him down, skaoup!  He takes down Carter hard. Taking on Denise but having no luck. It's getting  physical right off the bat.  Come on, Pete!  Jeff: Big reward on the line. Kalabaw feeds a win. They want the food and  they want to remind Tandang they are still in this game.  There you go, Lisa!  Lisa finally gets Denise down with a mike takedown. Pete going hard after Carter.  The problem is nobody can move the ball either way.  Hang on to that ball, Denise.  Hold on!  Denise and Lisa getting squished by this ball. Pete takes down Carter again.  Skupin going after Penner now!  Lisa, get up! Denise is now working it for Kalabaw! Carter takes down Pete.  He's got something in him. Kalabaw gaining slowly. Getting closer to that  goal.  Spin it towards us. Go! Go!  Jeff: Skupin with a big takedown of cart ere opening the door for Pete.  Penner isn't having it. Lisa has Denise down and she can not get up. Pete is  pushing and Penner is pulling. Big battle going. This is "Survivor"  challenge old school right here. Down and dirty in the mud!  Penner's getting frisky!  Sorry, butt di.  Jeff: To be clear, Penner's doing nothing illegal. He has his hand between Skupin's  leg. Very intimate way to play this game but totally legal.  Good job, Lisa. Skupin now sitting on Penner. We here in a full lockdown.  Lisa has Denise, Skupin has Penner. Pete and Carter are tied up together.  Somebody will wear down.  Endurance is what's going to win! Something Skupin and i both have. We're  ready to sit here all night if it takes it. I think.  Absolutely, man.  This is like heaven.  Well, yeah. It's like something. One hour. The ball has not moved in a long  time. Speaks to how evenly divided these two tribes are.  Carter, what you got, bud economy? You want to take one last one?  Dude, i --  Penner --  Jeff: Pete with a dig takedown on Carter. We've got some movement going now.  Lisa has Denise tied up so it's Penner and Skupin. Nothing happens. We're  back to another showdown. Penner and Skupin exhausted.  What you guys wanna do?  Beat you.  Let's talk turkey. We're gonna do this and we're gonna have to go at it  again. Jeff, what do you think?  Two-thirds of the way there.  We'll trade our sandwiches --  we're trying to gain food.  We'll trade your sandwiches for what?  The rest of your rice.  Whoa! Come on!  You can cancel that.  We don't know how much they have.  We're just talking.  I consider that, seriously.  But i don't know, rice fuels us.  Jeff: Penner, what are you going to do for food after this afternoon.  I got a boat, i got a spear, i got a snorkel.  And we got plans, big ones.  Guys, let's talk about it.  Jeff: You guys come up with an alternate plan for this and everybody agrees  to it, i'm open. Otherwise this goes as planned. Got to score three.  I say we give you guys the rice, we take the sandwiches.  I don't know, man, that's like five --  Artis, weigh in here, it's your birthday.  Come on, birthday boy. We haven't heard anything.  You don't want to hear what i got to say about it. What i want to do, i want  to win. I don't want to give up nothing. &gt;.and you can keep that mess to  yourself. I don't need to hear it.  All right. Calm down. It's all right.  You guys, from a straepblg strategic standpoint, let's take their food and  go.  Jeff: All right, let's settle this. Here's what's on the table right now.  Kalabaw is saying give us this victory, let us have the reward in exchange we  will give you all the rice we have.  Yup.  I'm with the majority.  Carter, what do you think?  You think we can catch fish, i'll do it.  We just need enough time with the boat and i'll catch them.  Fine.  Me and Pete are saying yes to that deal.  I say yes.  We know what it's like out here.  Do you want you want to do, mike.  We're not saying anything, you guys decide whatever you want to do.  Yes or no, Tandang?  I'm for it, man.  Jeff: This challenge is over. Reward goes to Kalabaw! In exchange for all the  rice they have left at camp.  Good job, Tandang.  Y'all are just not seeing the big picture.  Jeff: I'm pretty sure this is unprecedented. Jeff, you're going to give up  all your rice, which puts a huge burden on this tribe to go out and fish in  conditions that have beenless than optimal.  We're going to have to work. Our energy, it's going to be wasted fishing and  clamming and scraping and clawing for food and these people are going to get  their bellies full of rice, but we have to find some other way to get food.  Jeff: Kalabaw, here's what's going to happen. You're going to leave here, be  take on the a nice, dry spot. Wash off then you will have a nice lunch.  Hopefully it's worth the deal you just made. Grab your stuff, head out and  enjoy. Tandang, Kalabaw's rice will be delivered to your treemail. I hope the  deal was worth it for you guys as well. Other than that, got nothing for you,  grab your stuff, head back to camp.  Whoa!  Should we pick up one brownie and all take a bite of it real quick?  Yes, we should.  You pick it up.  Everyone gets a bite of it.  Oh, god! Oh!  We arrived at the reward covered in mud, we cleaned ourselves up and sat down  to the most delicious picnic lunch i've ever had. Oh, my lord, look at those  sandwiches!  Oh, my god! This is like avocado, bacon and turkey.  The reward was pretty insane. Those sandwiches, they were all great and  hopefully this will give us some kind of advantage, some kind of momentum.  Well, it's interesting, we lucked out, you want to know why? If they'd won  there would be seven people sitting at the same meal as this. Five people, we  got a lot more food this way. This will tide us over until tomorrow. Tomorrow  we'll fish, right?  Uh-huh.  It was a great moment to see all that food on the table. But the fact that we  just don't have rice is -- is probably going to wear on us in a couple days.  You guys, i'm going to bring you something, i'm not sure what it's in it but  it may be really cool.  In the middle of that we realized our table off to the side were little  envelopes with our names on them. Katie, Denise --  i knew what it was in these envelopes and it was our letters from home.  Come on!  Oh, no!  The tribe started reading their letters and instantly people started tearing  up. We're so far from reality out here that when we get a glimpse of it just  hits in a place that we're not used to. I just want to go home now. I've got  a pretty big family at home. Having a wife and kids write to you after  suffering through rain and no food and getting banged up, that was pretty  neat. It's already 100 degrees in texas.  Coming to this reward, it's motivational fuel, it's emotional fuel that makes  any rice we gave up totally worth it because now there's different motivation  to just keep going.  Better than food.  Better than food. They don't know what they missed.  We came in termed to win and i think this was a win. We were able to walk  away with this victory meal and these beautiful letters from home. We're  going to be strong going into the immunity challenge which is really the  important challenge.  Sorry, Artis. I wanted to give you a birthday feast.  Don't worry about it. It feels brutal that Kalabaw is enjoying the reward  that we should have and we're back here fighting for survival.  What really bothers me is we had a member of our tribe make a decision for  our tribe who has done absolutely nothing for our tribe. And R.C., yay, mike!  Yay! I was like shut up, it's not a good deal.  Here's the rice you guys wanted to forfeit for, enjoy.  How much do we have?  Basically how much we have right now.  We doubled our rice.  They don't have any.  They don't have any.  If the sun would come out we could actually cook some of that rice.  We'll be able to cook tonight.  Good, thank you. That feels good. When we got back, it was worse than a loss  and it shouldn't have been because with a loss you don't have also all their  rice. But it was a giving up, a forfeit which was like a double loss if you  choose to focus your energy that way.  I'm afraid this is going to be one of the dumbest moments of "Survivor."  people go until they at least lose. Just giving out a prize like that? Never  seen in my life.  I mean they did give us a lot more than we think.  And they don't have anything.  They don't have anything.  Yeah, they do. They have beer, they have --  i'm trying to put a positive spin on it.  Sandwiches, brownies, soup.  We gave up a reward. We didn't fight for it. And i doubt Kalabaw would give  us all of their rice without having a plan "b." they have a boat  and they have a spear, they can go out there fishing. They're not stupid.  Kalabaw totally used psychology and it worked. So we have one more day out of  rice out of theirs and how much do we have out of ours?  One.  So we have two days left.  Well, if we separate it otherwise this is a big pot because -- so basically we have two more days left of rice. Not a week like we thought.  We have to start eating smaller.  That's what i'm trying to say here. But everybody's hungry. Freaking stupid.  We never come back from a challenge and we're happy but in "Survivor"  world you sort of have to swallow your pride and do things you don't normally  do. But this is just nasty.  Artis was cursing up a storm through the competition. And cursing at you.  What did i do?  Nothing. I don't think you did anything. He was just really upset. Seems like  he wanted no part of it.  Then why did he agree?  I don't know.  There was no winning that challenge.  That's what i thought.  Artis, he's like a teenage girl. He'll whisper to everybody else but he won't  confront me. But i didn't make this decision.  No, you asked every single person what their decision was.  And they said yes.  Yeah!  So now they're going to blame it on us.  And then Abi is obviously doing her Abi thing.  I don't know if i've ever met anybody that negative.  Artis, Pete and Abi-Maria are very nasty and angry and they're cruel. But  they had the upper hand so my strategy is to let Abi-Maria blow up  constantly-- (laughs) -- and me just slide under the radar. But she's like  this brazilian bomb that's about to blow up at any second. Today. It's a  beautiful day. This is the subrhys we've been waiting for.  Stingray's back, where's the sling?  Right in front of you, man. Right there.  He just flew away.  Shoot.  He'll be back. It's okay.  At the reward challenge we made a deal with the yellow tribe that we'd give  them the rest of our rice and we'd take the reward. In all honesty, i didn't  like the deal we came up with because we had no guarantee of food at the  moment.  It's all gonna be good.  I'm gonna catch some fish.  Jonathan's very confident that we can get fish but to me it was a pretty  risky deal. It just really makes me nervous.  I'm hungry.  I don't know many my body can last through this game.  Really.  Yeah. If we have to play the starving game, like who can just outstarve  someone i'm gonna lose.  Oh, i'll lose, too, don't worry.  You've got to gut the fish.  That's it?  That's it.  Jonathan comes back and i'm, like, did you catch anything? And he's like,  yeah, yeah, we caught two fish, they're right there. Good lord.  Sushi's great. You like sushi, don't you? This is pure protein.  How are five people going to eat these?  It's good for you. It can't be fresher.  That rice gave you immediate energy, but now it's gone and Jonathan's trying  to stay positive "oh, we got plenty of food, we got plenty of  food!" no, we don't. How can you possibly do good in a challenge with --  like, you need fuel.  If we don't have a merge within a week we may be in trouble.  We're going to have to lay down all day.  Carter's getting a little frustrated. I promised him there'd be food and we'd  eat and now he's just feeling like we'll never find any food and i'm going to  starve and i don't know. I'm not full but i'm not hungry after that meal. How  do you guys feel? I know you're hungry, Carter.  I wish we would have got that stingray.  The deprivation just doesn't affect me the way it affects some of these  younger players. But the truth is, today we have an immunity challenge and  it's crucially important that we win today. We have to get some momentum  back. The numbers are tipping badly and if we continue to lose, we are truly  screwed.  Jeff: Come on in, guys!  Jeff: Guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yeah.  Jeff: First things first, Abi-Maria, i will take it back. Once again immunity  is back up for grabs. For today's challenge one tribe member will launch  balls out into the field while the other tribe members attempt to catch the  ball. It doesn't matter which color. If you catch a ball you score a point  for your tribe. First tribe to store five wins immunity, a t safe from the  vote. Losers go to tribal council where somebody will be voted out of this game.  Tandang, you have two extra members. Who are you going to sit out this time?  It has to be a man and a woman.  Rock, paper, scissors. One, two, three, shoot.  Jeff: Skupin going to sit this one out along with who? Abi, you're sitting  out again. That is, what, two out of eight challenges you've participated in?   Well, it wasn't my choice.  Jeff: Skupin and Abi, take a spot on the bench. We'll get started. All right,  we have our matchups. Lisa going to be launching balls for Tandang, Denise  will be the launcher for Kalabaw. Starting out on one pole Artis and Penner.  We've got Malcolm and Carter going at it, Jeff against Pete and R.C. Against Katie.  Once the balls are launched they are up for grabs. Here we go. Survivors  ready? Release. Two balls in the air quickly. Penner scores for Kalabaw!  Whoo!  Jeff: Kalabaw on the board 1-zip Kalabaw leads. Survivors ready? Go! Ball's  in the air again. Pete catches for Tandang! R.C. Catches for Tandang! Two  points on that round for Tandang! Tandang now leads 2-1.  Yeah, baby!  Jeff: Here we go, Survivors ready? Release. Katie can't connect.  Oh, my gosh!  Jeff: Carter struggling early. Kalabaw needs to pick it up. No score that  round. Release. Denise goes short. Penner can't get there. Lisa launches.  Jeff with a catch for Kalabaw! We are tied 2-2.  Come on, Kalabaw!  Jeff: Survivors ready? Go.  Long, long, long!  Jeff: Malcolm, Jeff goes high and scores for Kalabaw!  Nice catch, buddy!  Jeff: Kalabaw leads 3-2. Good match going here. Very even. Survivors ready?  Katie, hand on the pole.  Oh, sorry.  Jeff: Survivors ready? Go.  Long, long!  Jeff: Jeff with another catch for Kalabaw. Lisa goes deep. R.C. And Katie  can't connect. Katie completely ineffective in this challenge. Kalabaw leads  4-2. Playing to five, this could be it. Tandang trying to stay alive.  Go for Malcolm. Go right for Malcolm.  Jeff: Here we go. Survivors ready? Release. Denise goes first then Lisa.  Right to Malcolm.  Jeff: Whoo! Malcolm scores for Tandang! Kalabaw leads 4-3. Kalabaw can still  win it right here.  Go Lisa!  Jeff: Jeff can win it. Jeff had it knocked out of his hands by Pete! Malcolm  with an amazing grab for Tandang! Malcolm is on a tear for Tandang in this  challenge. He is eating Carter's lunch.  Go, Malcolm!  Fight!  Okay, Carter, if you want him or you want to let Jeff take him?  Jeff, you want this?  I'm in.  Jeff: Carter now going to switch out. Jeff going to see if he can take Malcolm  down. Malcolm has been on fire. We are tied 4-4. Here we go. For immunity.  Survivors ready? Go! Denise goes short Penner was right there, couldn't  connect. Lisa launches. Malcolm scores even on Jeff! Tandang wins immunity!  Yes, yes, yes!  Great job! Great!  Jeff: Tandang, congratulations. Probably Malcolm who should be holding that.  No, no, no!  Jeff: Malcolm, huge effort. Tandang, enjoy the night off, no tribal council,  nobody going home. Grab your stuff, head back to camp.  Thanks.  Jeff: Kalabaw, tonight somebody will be going home. Jeff, Katie, Penner, Carter,  Denise. After 16 days, somebody's shot at the million dollars will come to an  end. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. See you tonight at tribal. They  totally knew where to put the ball so that nobody but him could get there.  We should have wrapped him up. We should have just jumped on him. We were  overmatched.  At today's immunity challenge Carter was definitely outmuscled and  outmaneuvered by Malcolm and we ended up short again so another  disappointment. We've got to go to tribal council and vote somebody off and Penner  and i have an alliance, but i'm still on the fence right now. I don't know  which way i'm going to jump.  Man, i think me and you keep Denise around, i think we've got a loyal lady.  I want to keep Denise. I love how hard she works.  Yeah, me, too.  And with Katie i just don't see a ton of effort. It's like -- it's just hard  for me to want to keep her around because of that.  Katie's worthless. She can't do anything in the challenges. She's going to  set us back. We've just got to figure out is it better for us to go with Penner  in the merge or not? Because we didn't want a veteran to win.  Although i really want Katie gone, i'll vote for Penner.  I just want to stick with our original logical thought out plan of staying  two steps ahead.  We're kicking ourselves in the butt for the rest of our lives if we get  blindsided by him.  Jeff thinks it might be a good idea to make a big move and get rid of Jonathan.  But at the same time, you know, i think going into a merge with Penner might  be a good idea because if we go in with him eyes are going to be on him, not  on me and Jeff. Because nobody wants a returning player to win. I'm going to  follow your lead on this one, dude, okay?  I think we need to pull the Penner punch. We just got to make sure that he  doesn't know it's coming so he doesn't use the idol. That's all.  Penner, what do you want to do? Katie or Penner? I mean Katie or Denise?  Well, i hate to lose Katie. But at least with Denise we have a chance of  winning the next one.  Yeah.  You know what i mean?  Yeah.  With Katie i don't think we do.  To win this game i'm going to have to make big moves out of desperation.  That's what happens. If you're down numbers your back starts to get put  against the wall. So Katie's got to go. She's not use to feel us. I need her  gone. Look, i hate to be disloyal but i guess that's what my gut is telling  me.  Denise, all right? We all agree.  Okay.  All right? You cool with that?  Yeah.  Okay, let's fish.  That was some shady (bleep). What's he really saying?  He's out there. He's way out there now.  When i went over to the three guys right away without me even asking Penner  was like "it's Denise, it's Denise." and right away i'm thinking  he's feeding me a big line of b.s. And i'm not buying it.  I'm sticking -- i'm --  i trust Denise a hell of a lot more than i trust -- he's a wild card!  Penner's writing someone down. That person could be me for all i know because  i am physically not the strongest player in this game. So i've got to hang on  to whatever is willing to keep me here. And if we've been talking since day  one, Jeff and i, about getting rid of Penner so as long as i can make them  believe that, oh, my god, this is our time to get rid of Jonathan then it's  going to work out for me and that's going to keep me here at least through  the merge.  So you're ready to get Jonathan out of here, huh?  I'm so down, Jeff. Get him the (bleep) out of here!  Just play along with him for now.  I'm so confused right now, dude. Katie vote for Jonathan and Jonathan's gonna  vote for Katie. And it comes down you and me. Straight up. I've come into  this game knowing that i'm going to have to lie and knowing that i'm going to  jeopardize my integrity and character so i'm still weighing my options and  all of them have to do with furthering myself in this game. I just don't want  to get screwed by him.  Let's get in there, man.  How you feeling, bro?  We're still on, right?  Yeah.  You seem --  i'm just tired.  We'll be a stronger four now. Don't worry about it, all right? I'm not  worried about it. Don't you worry about it.  Which way you want to swing?  It's an easy play to vote Katie out. That's an easy decision. The hard  decision is voting Jonathan out. He might be nervous and play the idol. Hell,  i don't know what's going to happen. This is a crap shoot. You don't know if  you're going to strike out or hit a home run but you go up to the plate and  swing the bat.  Jeff: So who tonight truly feels they're in trouble? Denise and Katie. Well,  that will make it easy tonight. Denise, why are you in trouble?  You know i'm still the new girl on the block, so to speak, and that's a huge  worry for me tonight. It's like the work force, last one hired; first one  fired. But i'm trying to show my tribe there's value in keeping me for a  numbers of reasons.  Jeff: Katie, why would you be in trouble when you have Denise who seems like  an easy vote?  Because i'm the other girl. I don't perform awesome in challenges so it's  like i can only offer so much but i hope they can go off of living with me  for 16 days out here and know that i'm loyal and i'm with them.  Jeff: Penner, having played this game before, you know how often blind sides  happen. And yet here you sit saying "i'm not in trouble tonight."  i think one does not even want to volunteer one's self and give anyone the  notion that, huh, maybe i should vote for Penner. Whether i think i'm  vulnerable or not, i want to give the impression i feel pretty confident.  Jeff: Jeff, was last tribal council an easier vote than this one?  Always, yeah. Every one of these vote is going to hurt worse and worse as it  gets deeper. That's how well we like each other. That's how well we get  along. There's not going to be a vote that's not going to be a blind side.  Jeff: Penner, interesting vote for from Jeff. Every vote is going to be a  blind side because we like each other so much.  Honestly, it's been an extraordinarily drama-free zone and if there's going  to be a blind side it's because it's just easier to let the person go and  hopefully they will understand it's not personal, it's strictly so that we  can move forward a little further.  Jeff: So if it's you that gets blindsided it's a good strategy.  I wouldn't like it if they did it to me but i would appreciate the game play.  I would totally understand it and wouldn't take it personally.  Jeff: Jeff, do you play any game that's similar to "Survivor" in  terms of strategy?  No. This game sucks, Jeff.  Jeff: It sucks?  (laughs).  Jeff: Well, meaning it sucks in the greatest way because it's complicated or  you wish you weren't here and you want to go home.  No, i think you know where i'm coming from. You know, this game is --  Jeff: Complicated.  It's very, very complicated and that's why it sucks because you try to  survive the elements your snow you cuddle with people, you take on friends  and that's what sucks about this game. You know you're going to blind side  your friend because you're too guilty to tell them "i really don't want  you here anymore. Requests that's what sucks.  Jeff: Katie, Jeff just paraphrased what this show is about. You have to work  together to build a world but vote each other out. So tonight what do you  vote based on?  I vote tonight based on loyalty, being around these people for the last 16  days. And when i said my word initially i meant it. And i intend on sticking  with that.  Jeff: Penner, does that make Katie a sitting duck? When someone says  "the word i gave you is my word and i'm going to stick with it"?  Is that game play? Is she just throwing that out now? Is she speaking to  somebody here? I'm not sure. The reason that it's so complicated is nobody  wants to betray anybody and nobody wants to feel betroyed. That's why the  blind sides happen. If it was me tonight and these four didn't give me that  opportunity to scramble, more power to them because they know that i would do  anything in my power to make this work out and it might ricochet and one of  them would get voted out. They want it to be neat and clean and move forward.  That's how i'm feeling about the person that i'm going to vote for. They're  going to get the message loud and clear after the vote so doing it to their  face only adds to the agitation for all the rest of us.  Jeff: So this is great drama. Everybody knows a blind side is coming, the  question is: Who's it gonna be? It is time to vote. Katie, you're up.  Good-bye, my cuddle bear, you are not to be trusted.  Right now you're the weakest member of the tribe and i need to keep the tribe  as strong as possible. You're a great kid.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are read  the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal  council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Katie. Penner.  Oh!  Two votes Katie; one vote Penner. Seventh person voted out of "Survivor:  Philippines," Katie. That's three, that's enough. You need to bring me  your torch. Katie, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Well, "Survivor"  is ultimately a game about numbers. The good news is if the four of you are strong  and united anything can happen. Grab your torches, head back to camp. Good  night. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, and ford.  Drive one. Captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor" -- Lisa is no stranger to the facts  of life.  You're my remind me of mama and that's how it's going to be.  You have to take that with a grain of salt. I could be being played.  Jeff: And a twist in the game forces everyone to scramble. (screaming)  i buried the idol the first day i got here.  We're now in all new territory for all of us.  I got blindsided. I mean, it's not a good feeling but i came in thinking oh,  i'm an athlete, i'm so strong, i can handle whatever. But out here it is  nothing like you think it is on t.v. It's so hard but i mean it's such an  awesome thing for me to be able to say i was on "Survivor"