<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor."  a pair from the beginning, Malcolm and did niece were the last remaining  members of mats.  He's young but he's wise. We just clicked.  Jeff: Their mood improved when they found the idol.  Oh!  Jeff: Until a sudden change in the game split them up. Malcolm, Denise, you  can drop your buffs. Malcolm and his idol were sent to Tandang, winning  challenge after challenge. Tandang wins reward! Tandang wins immunity.  I'm like the stud football player. Everyone is pulling me aside saying,  "i'll be your best friend."  beniece had yet to taste vict gee.  Every step is an opportunity to turn things around.  Jeff: At the reward challenge, Tandang's winning streak came to an end when Skupin  and R.C. Convinced their tribe to forfeit the victory for the rest of Kalabaw's  rice.  Do what you want to do. Do what you want to do, mike.  Jeff: This challenge is over. Reward goes to Kalabaw.  Good job, Tandang.  Jeff: Back at camp, aboo, Pete, and Artis were all but satisfies.  It's gonna be one of the dumbest momentof Survivor, gig out a prize like  that.  Jeff: vellifying for Skupin and R.C. For giving up reward.  We have a member of our tribe who has done absolute nothing for our tribe.  Shut up. It is not a good thing.  Jeff: At the last immunity challenge, Malcolm singlehandedly caught the  victory for Tandang. Tandang wins immunity! While Katie continued to be a  liability.  I hate to lose Katie. At least with Denise we have a chance of winning.  He had another ideas, targets Penner.  He has to make sure he doesn't know it's coming. The hard decision is voting Jonathan  out. I might need him to get me further in the game.  Jeff: 11 are left, who will be voted out tonight.  A long night.  Long night.  Denise, we have to you a break from this tribal nonsense.  I know.  I don't want to go back.  You've been to every damn one.  Seecially. Skew that.  Coming back from the sixth tribal council in a row. I'm glad i'm back. It's  like deja vu. It's one after the other. I am wonder am i cursed? Have i  brought something to this tribe.  I was surprised you wrote my name. Did she catch wind of it and voted for me?   She was pissed off at some reason. She wanted you out. And i couldn't  convince her otherwise, so i just let her run with it tribal tonight was  chaotic. Boy, i was so close to letting Penner going but i'm thinking Penner  is going to help me out. I'm hoping i made the right choice. We're two guys  taking a shot in the dark at each other, and there's going to come a time and  a place and i hope i can get to him first before he gets to me.  She was ready to throw anybody under the bus okay, so it was me. Well,  thanks, guys, for not voting with her.  Yup.  I think Jeff and i have built a trust with each other. But i was really  surprised to see my name. I shouldn't have been. I just forget that other  people are lying. It's always my problem. It was a good wake-up call. Do i  have to keep my eyes and ears open as we move forward? Of course. I'd be  ridiculously stupid not to. Captioning brought to you by Survivor  productions, cbs,  really? ( laughter ).  I fell in the fire today, this far into the game, 24 seasons ago. So i no  longer have an advantage. We're now in all new territory for all of us.  That's what we need. We need one of those.  Something's happening.  Oh, my goodness. What is this?  It's turning into our cove?  Is it? We were just lying around thinking it was going to be a long day, and  all of a sudden, we saw this boat, and we thought is it coming into the cove?  It's coming into the cove, it's coming!  Welcome.  And then we found out the best news that we've heard since day one.  Congratulations. The tribes are merging! ( cheers and applause )  this boat has been sent to take you to your new homes. The driver has been  instructed to give you 10 minutes.  To collect whatever you feel you need to start your new world. Your time  starts now.  When you only have 10 minute to gather up everything you have, everything is  like gold. Making sure that i don't have socks hanging out on a line  somewhere and shoes hidden underneath the raft somewhere. That's priority  one.  We have to get the tarp down.  Our bottles of water.  I buried my idol the first day i got here. Now we have 10 minutes so i have  to dig it up again.  It's really heavy.  Congratulations. The tribes are merging! ( cheers ) this boat has been sent  to take you to your new home. It's a new life line for us. There are four of  us, there are seven of them. We're hoping there's descent over there and we  can pick one or two people to come over to our side to use for a while and  thut them off if we can. Yeah! Okay. Water bottles. Tarps.  Clothes. What about our kindling?  We're going to stay four strong. We need two to shift that balance and have a  majority. So my plan is to stick with the alliance i've got going with Kalabaw,  but at the same time i truly would like to be back to my original alliance  with Malcolm. * * ( cheers )  hi.  Good to see you!  Guys, unload everything first.  I'm Denise. Nice to meet you.  I believe that a veteran player shouldn't be winning this game. Penner's  always been my priority since at a one. And now that i'm on a team with Penner  and Skupin, i've got two priorities.  Oh, my god.  Cheers!  To our new tribe.  It was a good introduction. It doesn't seem like anybody knows who i am,  which is i think a good thing.  Where is everyone from?  I live in texas. I have a ranch.  I knew it!  And i am a motorcycle dealer.  Oh!  As long as they don't talk about baseball, maybe i'm safe.  Can i have some more of that wine?  Absolutely. We have four bottles.  And we have bread, too, right?  We do.  Can i have some of that meat?  Yeah. It's very hard to cut.  I'm down for chewing it.  Start tossing it in your mouth.  The feast was amazing. There was more food than you could ever eat. The wine  was awesome. The tribe and tension when he first land on the island was go Tandang  strong. Skupin doesn't have a brain of his own and does wharf R.C. Tells him  to do.  I have seven kids, married.  Seven kids and married.  I'm married. Like i never made the merge before. They merged in australia the  day after i was med evacked. So this is kind of cool. And merging with  numbers, even better.  What's the range in age?  College, holly, middle school, elementary. I never stopped having them.  But i noticed Pete and abeerk the power alliance on our tribe, being a little  quiet because they haven't had an allegiance in weeks to R.C. And i. And so  we're really free agents. So being a free agent means you get to choose your  team. It just takes two.  I think Denise will talk to me a little bit more just because of the swimming  connection.  You should act as a spy then to get information.  I know, but just as much you want me to get information i worry because, you  know, we aren't oning, big, happy family. We can pretend to be all we want,  but we haven't for 17 days.  It's true. Shelter you might as well say hi.  That's a lot of bamboo. We can't make something out of that, then, get us  back to the couch.  On the new beach, i thought, well, the guys are make the shelter. I'll just  hang everybody's clothes out and get them some sun so we don't go to sleep  with wet clothes. And then i picked up Malcolm's bag, and i took his flannel  shirt out, and i took his bathing suit out and i was looking in there and i  felt something. I've discovered he had the hidden immunity idol in his bag  which totally shocked me.  All the clothes are laid out. And it was wrapped up.  Uh-huh.  And was like--  Lisa. Lisa did that.  I need to talk to Lisa right now.  No, because -- of no, because Lisa was pulling out clothes.  I was going to change clothes and hide the idol. I thought an hour would be a  safe amount of time assuming people would be eating and drinking and knowing  each other. Paecial the estrogen clicked in and we had to have our clothes  cleaned.  Oh, crap, Malcolm.  Now i have to pin down sweet old Lisa who i think, out of the goodness of her  heart, is trying to dry my clothes. I get her alone. I don't say a word. I  just look at her.  Let me tell you this.  What would you like to tell me?  I didn't mean to.  I knew it.  I didn't mean to. I promise i didn't mean to.  Oh, my god. I'm like you've got to be kidding me.  I didn't mean to. Honestly, i was just trying to air out everybody's laundry.   I said she's so sweet. She was just trying to be nice.  I really was.  I won't tell anybody.  It's me, you, and Denise know. Me and Denise have been super tight since the  beginning.  Okay.  And you're my new momma and noose just how it's going to be. It's the three  of us to the end. Nobody knows about it.  Okay.  Hallelujah. The church lady found it, who hopefully has a heart. But at the  same time, now i'm locked into this involuntary alliance with Lisa and deneetion.  It's literally the two people i'm not confident i can beat in the final  three. Just because they're nice, but the whole dynamics could shift, and the  entire camp is going crazy with scrambling.  I'm sorry.  You gave me a heart attack.  Malcolm promised final three with me and Denise, and that's really nice. But  you kind of have to take all that with a grain of salt. I'm not the only  actor on this island. So i could be being played.  Oh, that's amazing.  I haven't had to deal with it.  They're too young.  I know. I'm shocked.  You know, this is just so much fun to just get to be me.  Yeah.  So Penner is aware of my past as a child star. But we didn't talk strategy.  And if we weren't on this island, we would have a really great time over  lunch, just talking about each other's lives. And if you have that kind of  connection, that is valuable, especially if you do end up aligned later on  down the road.  You just never, ever really know if somebody likes you for you and to have  these friendships already that really are totally based on liking me for me.  Is very healing in a really deep way.  Yeah.  You know, i didn't anticipate that that would be something i would take from  this.  Lisa had been on "fact of life," but now as with many, many former  actors you get older and so you do other things with your life. Lisa is kind  of a cool lady. I think she could actually go pretty far as an  under-the-radar nonthreatening person who could find herself sitting at a  final three. I believe that. I won't blow your cover.  Thank you.  They've got the numbers now. They could vote you and i out if they want to.  That's my first concern, first and foremost, is just how to survive.  The returning player bull's eye.  The question is what's the smartest move? I'm trying to find fissures in this  yellow tribe and Skupin seems like a cool guy. So i got to help him feel as  comfortable as he can about slitting the throats of the people he spent 17  days with. You know. So i'm trying to do that. My back's against the wall,  too.  Right.  You know, i'm negotiating with what little i have, which is i got four loyal  people. I have a really serious bloc. If you and i can figure something out,  that would be incredible.  What percent are you on realignment?  I mean, it's hard.  Give a number right now. Just give a number.  I'm 50-50. There are a lot of dynamics work right now. Me and mike are  soiled, but we would like to feel a little bit more secure.  I-- i don't know that i can trust, we're Tandang, let's stay Tandang, and  when we get to seven game on.  Game on, i know. The old tan bang tribe made it obvious about me and mike.  They oftsides us both for 17 days. So Penner corralled his threesome, and i  have mike, obviously, on my side, so that's six. So why wouldn't we do  something? If we have a possible chance to go somewhere else, judge in not.  We need to take baby steps.  I know, i know.  I don't want a veteran to win, and i like them--  even get rid of mike, too.  Get Penner out of here. I don't want him to win.  He's had his chance.  Right. I think he has the idol, though.  He may. Because i don't have it. If he's got the idol--  it has to be a blindside.  And i'm going to be able to help platoon that.  I know Penner's got the idol. Nobody else knows for sure if he does or not,  but i know he does. And i'll join any gang as long as i can get Penner out  before i get out.  R.C. Is dangerous.  She is, isn't she?  She's number one. Number two-- number two is either Penner or mike.  And i can get Carter, Denise.  What happens if it's a four-four tie, we play it four for R.C. And we play it  four for Penner.  Four-four is all you need.  Perfect. That's what we're doing.  Little clique inside of Tandang is operating under the assumption that Penner  has an idol, but we don't have the numbers within our own tribe to be able to  split the vote and get rid of him so we have to pull in Jeff, Denise, and  indicator.  Penner plays the idol, we flush the idol and R.C. Is gone.  We could split the vote between Penner and R.C. Peb Penner has an idol he has  to play to save himself and R.C. Will go home. If he doesn't, we'll revote  and get rid of Penner right now. The only real wrinkle is if the Kalabaw, Jeff,  Carter, and Denise, are going to come along with it, and go along like  they're saying they will.  The only thing tomorrow is we can't let Penner or R.C. Win immunity.  Anybody else can win it.  This is going to be fun.  All right, cool.  You guys have been thinking the same way we've been thinking since day one.  Guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yes.  Yeah.  Jeff: First things first, i will take back tribal immunity. Tribal immunity  is no more. Individual immunity is now what you covet. With this around your  neck, you are safe in this game. Without it, you are in trouble. For today's  challenge, you're each going to hold on to a rope handle attached tie bucket.  Each bucket is filled with 25% of your body weight. As the challenge goes on,  that weight will become too much to bear. The rope will begin to unspool. The  bucket will drop. When your bucket drops you're out of the challenge. Last  man and last woman left standing win immunity, safe from the vote, guaranteed  a one-in-10 shot at winning this game. Losers go to tribal council where  somebody will be voted out. Take your spots. We'll get started. All right,  everybody is in position. This challenge is now officially on.  Oh, this ain't going to work.  Jeff: Each bucket has 25% of your body weight. That is a lot of weight to  hold with only your wrists. With a million bucks on the line, i'm guessing you  guys will go as deep as you can inside yourself.  Jeff: Wow. Just like that Skupin is out of the challenge. Bar slips out of  his hands. We are now down to 10.  It's going down.  Jeff: Pete is out of this challenge. That's how quickly it can happen. You start  to sweat in this very intense heat. Your grip becomes wet. It's why you have  to concentrate. Do not drip. Remind yourself every few seconds what you're  doing. Send that signal from your brain to your hand to hold on. Penner  dangling very close to the end of his rope. It has unspoold almost all the  way. Penner is out of this game and in trouble at tonight's tribal council.  Well, thank you.  Jeff: Glad you're on the show, Jonathan.  Thank you, buddy. You too.  Ah!  Jeff: Lisa is starting to slip a little bit. I'm going to keep reminding you  to keep your concentration. Lisa out of this challenge. Malcolm is out of the  challenge. We are down to three men and three women. It is Abi, Denise, and  rb fighting for immunity. Artis, Jeff, and Carter fighting for immunity. One  man will get immunity. One woman will get immunity. R.C. Going to work hers  back up. Abi starting to slip a little bit. Denise looks good.  Good work, Abi. Good job.  Jeff: R.C. Very close to the end of ther rope. She's struggling to hang on.  She can't do it. R.C. Is now out of this challenge. Abi getting very close to  the end of her rope, and she knows it. Can't do it anymore. And with that, Denise  wins individual immunity for the women. Denise safe at tonight's vote.  Nice job. Awesome.  Jeff: One immunity necklace left. Artis, Jeff, and Carter. One of you will be  wearing it shortly. The other two will be going to tribal council  empty-handed. That a way to dig.  Yeah!  Jeff: Artis, warrior.  You guys are doing great.  Nice try, buddy.  Jeff: Artis is out of the challenge and we are down to two, Jeff and Carter,  side by side.  Wow, kansas and texas, side by side.  Jeff: Jeff inches his buck back up. Almost like he's showing Carter,  "look who you're dealing with, young 'un."  come on, young buck.  Jeff: And no sooner said that than Carter evens it out.  Good job, Carter. You guys are amazing.  I said that's fine.  It's up to you.  Jeff: How's it going down here, Jeff and Carter.  Having the necklace on tonight would be sweet. And, yeah, i just want to win.   Jeff: And just like that, Jeff drops out. Carter wins individual immunity.  Go, Carter!  Jeff: Carter and Denise both will have immunity at tonight's tribal council.  Jeff, i know you could have kept going.  That was war. That's what we're here for.  Jeff: Denise, come on over. ( applause )  that's the first time she's had immunity.  It might be heavier than her.  Oh!  Jeff: Denise, safe at tonight's tribal council. Slide right over here.  Carter, come on over. ( applause )  go, Carter!  Jeff: Carter, safe at tonight's tribal council. As for the rest of you,  tonight your shot at the million dollars will come to an end. Grab your  stuff. Head back to camp. See you at tribal.  I'm acstatic that peb Penner and R.C. Didn't even come close to winning immunity  because we're going to split the vote between Penner and R.C., and if Penner  plays the idol, R.C. Goes home. If Penner doesn't play the idol, he'll go  home with the idol. So far. No, i didn't win immunity, but we sort of have  this very coor six in place right now. Me and mike are solid, and we are  definitely with Kalabaw. With us six we are in the majority.  I never have ever felt threatened before, and tonight, returning players are  a major threat. Like, my reputation is pretty competitive. My reputation  isn't being loyal to a tribe that hasn't been loyal to me. There isn't  anybody that would think that i would go down without a fight. I can't play  the game with them.  Yeah. Biggest hang-up i have of all this is i don't want to let Penner beat  me out in this game. It's and you Penner get together, and there are two  veteran guys. Let's take it to the end. So we get screwed. That's the owning  thing i worry about.  I can tell with you integrity that i would follow you guys. It just takes two  people from Tandang to realign with the Kalabaw tribe. Then they would be six  strong. Unless god himself appears live before me and speaks to me, i cannot  follow Pete, Artis, and Abi, as long as i have some assurance that Jeff and Carter  aren't going to switch over to the old Tandang tribe. Because if R.C. And i  go this way, and Jeff and Carter go this way, what happens? Nothing got  gained.  What do you want to do, man? So the only thing i can think of here is you and  i hold the key.  Yup.  So i don't know. What do you want to do?  Well, it's Jonathan, Skupin, R.C., Denise, you, me, that's all we need.  Yup. Six. We just need six.  I don't know. Do you think we could get farther with Skupin and Penner?  I just had a good conversation with Skupin, and i just said, "look, if i  do this with you, you have to promise me that Penner will not stay here  longer than us." and he gave me his word he would vote with us to get Penner  out. The only thing i can say is how much-- i mean we built some kind of  value with Penner.  Yeah.  If you and i jump and go over to the yellow tribe, you and i just may be on  the bottom.  Here comes Penner behind us.  What's up, Penner?  How we doing?  Good.  We're just talking through all the b.s. We have been hearing.  Well, listen, you know where i stand. And i'm totally with you guys. I hope  the hell you're not going to vote with them against me tonight. You have my  loyalty.  If the people they believe are going to vote with me are really not going to  vote with me, if all of this has been smoke, then i'm a terrible judge of  character. And then i don't really deserve to stay in the game. But i do  believe that Skupin and R.C. And Denise and Carter and Jeff, they're going to  vote with me. They all mean it. I really believe they do. Look, i have no  idea what's going to happen tonight. But if there's a way that we can flip  this vote, and we are the last people standing the four tight Kalabaw people  and the two people we brought, in we can take control. You know? That's how i  see it. We're good, okay. We really are good.  We're good. We're still hanging.  Yeah.  You doing it?  We're still hanging. Yeah. We want these veterans out of here.  I'm nervous here.  We're all nervous here on this thing. Right now, i'm on a crossroads. I'm  either going with veteran players that i don't want to win this game and ride  them out, or i'm going to go with the Tandang tribe and get pen erp out of  here, but then i'm on the bottom. If you treat baseball with disrespect,  you'll be bit in the ass, and i know you treat this game with disrespect,  you'll get bit in the ass too. With all humbleness, i say the decision of who  goes home tonight is going to be heavily based on which way i go and who i  carry over to the other side. I've got to make sure i protect myself because  whatever move i make, it's not going to sit well with either tribe.  Jeff: For those of you who don't have a torch. Go ahead and grab one,  approach the flame, dip it in and get fire. This is part of the ritual of  tribal council because in this game, fire represents your life. When your  fire is gone, so are you. That's going to happen to somebody tonight. So,  we're making history. The original Tandang six never lost. And in 25 seasons  we have never had a tribe not go to tribal council until they reached the  merge. On the flip side, Denise, you've been to every single tribal council  since the game started.  Every one.  Jeff: And what's amazing is you've survived.  I somehow survived it one more time. I'm safe.  Jeff: Skupin, 19 days in there has to be some animosity within Tandang.  True. Little fract started to occur but it's kind of natural to happen when  six or seven people get together. Yet, we still pulled out victories.  Jeff: R.C., how bad has it gotten at camp?  It was pretty bad at Tandang. But we're a family. Families fight sometimes.  Jeff: Abi, there's only one winner. Families don't win survive.  Right. And the game has been shifting constantly. I was very close to R.C. In  the beginning. However, she betrayed me. So i had to move on to a different  alliance.  I am glad this finally came up because i'm still unaware of how i betrayed  her.  Jeff: What happened, Abi?  We found the clue for the immunity idol together, and hid the clue together.  However, she unburied the clue without telling me, so i can't trust her.  I didn't unbury anything. I didn't touch anything.  I mean, it wasn't me.  It wasn't me.  And thought it was you. But you blew up and wouldn't have a discussion with  me.  I trust my actions, not yours  Jeff: So, Lisa, when you hear two tribe mates from the original Tandang six  arguing, concern you at all that somebody from Kalabaw might come over and  say, "letch. I don't know what your problem is. Come over here and we  have five and we control this game."  if you're talking about the whole 11 people, then they were top dog here  staying with Tandang than going to Kalabaw. And then just getting voted off  at the end there.  Jeff: Jeff, what's wrong with Lisa's argument?  There's a tribe that comes in with four, and is offering a five slot versus a  six or a seven slot, there's potential for a game--changing switch.  But once you flip, you're not really a strong number. You're a weaker number  because you've shown that you can't be trusted in your alliance.  Jeff: Let's talk about returning players. Two of them are still in the game, Skupin  and Penner. Pete, is there a group thought in terms of you had your shot? Get  out?  I mean, every season where they return players, usually people don't like the  idea that they're here. I mean, they've got to play the game before. So  there's always a kind of mutiny feeling. But Tandang has never had to go to  tribal council so you never really know what would have happened.  Jeff: It's also another example why Kalabaw is licking their chops. R.C.  Could be up for graps. You Skupin could be up for grabs. And Lisa is there  any concern Malcolm and Denise started the game together. They're both still  here and now they're back together?  Absolutely. It's a huge concern and it bricks up something you haven't  addressed. There's also every possibility that someone who is on the bottom  floor is thinking if i come over to Tandang, maybe i can stay a little  longer. I won't be top dog but at least i won't be the dog kicked to the side  of the road so there is also that possibility that could be happening.  Jeff: So, Pete, what's the consensus on the idols? How many might there be in  play tonight?  I think there were two in the game right now. I'm pretty sure masting's is  gone.  Jeff: Pete, concerned it could be you tonight? Clearly, are you one of the  fit, young guys who could do well in challenges?  Right, i feel i have a huge target on my back.  Jeff: Abi, is that justified for Pete to be concerned?  Absolutely, yeah.  Jeff: Yef Jeff, how likely is it that there will be a blindside tonight?  Very likely. You've been talking to us fair while now. You get the fact we're  all scrambling still as we sit here not knowing exactly who's going home.  Jeff: All right, well, clearly, there is a lot of uncertainty about what is  going to happen. Let's try to bring some clarity. It is time to vote. Abi,  you're up  i never liked you.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes.  Jeff: If anybody has the hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now  would be the time to do so  i'll do it.  Jeff: Thank you.  You're welcome.  Jeff: This is a hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast against Penner will not  count. I'll read the votes. First vote, Penner. Does not count. Jonathan Penner.  Does not count. Penner. Three votes Penner, none of them count. R.C. That's  one vote R.C. Pete. One vote Pete. John. Penner. Does not count. Penner, does  not count. R.C. Two votes R.C. Pete. Two votes Pete. R.C. Three votes R.C.  Two votes Pete. One vote left. Eighth person voted out and the first member  of our jury, R.C. You need to bring me your torch. R.C., the tribe has  spoken.  Bye.  Jeff: Well, based on everything i heard tonight, and with three people  getting votes, it would appear it is anybody's game. Grab your stuff. Head  back to camp. Good night. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions,  cbs, captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor": After being betrayed, Penner's got  nothing left to lose.  I have no alliances. They are all ready to die.  Jeff: He wages war on everyone.  Maybe he'll win immunity no you won't, because i'm winning immunity. I'll  stick it right in their damn spaces.  Jeff: One more spot!  That's the name of the game. The name of the game is blindside. It was such  an amazing, wonderful experience. I can't believe i actually got to do this.  I lasted rain and no food and all these things. It was definitely, but i got  to play "Survivor." how many people get to do this and i made it  pretty far so i'm very proud of myself.