<br/>jeff: Previously on "Survivor": Although stealth "r" us  has had control of the game, they are far from a well-oiled machine. Dawn has  struggleto control her emotions.  It is kind of funny that i cry so much.  Jeff: Andrea has been courting the enemy.  I can at least guarantee next vote won't be you.  Jeff: And Phillip's leadership style has worn thin amongst his rivals and  ales. The's only one requirement to belong to stealth "r" us, you  must be loyal and absolutely trustworthy.  It's all crazy. They're all crazy out here.  Welcome to the organization.  Jeff: At the immunity challenge-- Andrea is out, Brenda wins immunity. Brenda  held on for the win and stealth "r" us saw a chance to take out Malcolm  air, forme ally trying to destroy their alliance.  After Andrea caught wind she may be in trouble--  it's been talked about.  Me?  Yeah.  Jeff: She tried to convince her alliance to play it safe by voting out Michael.   The safest bet eefort would be Michael.  I still like Malcolm.  I know, but i think i'm being targeted.  Jeff: At tribal council-- if anybody has a hidden immunity idol and wants to  play it now would be the time to do so.  Hold up.  Jeff: Malcolm felt the heat and convinced Reynold to give up his immunity  idol.  They all voted for me.  Jeff: But he was wrong, and Michael was sent home. Michael, the tribe has  spoken. 10 are left who will be voted out tonight?  There's no fire.  I know.  That sucks.  I was thinking, we should have a meeting.  Everybody leaving?  Yeah, we're asking to be back in a second?  Everybody is going except for us.  I'll hang out with you guys.  Welcome to the bottom.  It was right call. I don't feel too bad about it.  It's actually not that bad to be down here. We have nothing to really be afraid  of.  That's right true.  Nobody talks behind our backs because we're on the bottom.  Just about everything i tried to do went wrong. I tried to bring in the  person who i thought was on the bottom, Dawn. Dawn was never with me. Phillip  gave that away at tribal tonight.  Yeah.  It was the most hellish day for me.  I think my double agent days are over.  They have no idol. Even if they have one idol, we can split it. We can split  it.  They have no idol.  Exactly. That's what we just said.  Tomorrow we're going to find the hidden immunity idol.  Tomorrow we have to wake up and search. If there's any silver lining, i still  have an idol. I still have some power, just a little bit. I'm not going down  without fireworks.  We might be at the bottom but we're not going down next.  I might be.  I'd rather by my own man than be a puppet for Phillip. I don't think that  necessarily is the case. She's a betrayed a lot of people.  And she's, also, um... She's really not a threat in any of the challenges.  Brenda! I need you quick!  Hurry!  Run!  What did she say?  Brenda.  Please.  Who's yelling?  Dawn?  She said, "come here, please." but, like-.  Oh, my God. What's wrong?  This is so embarrassing.  What's happening?  I got hit in the mouth a while ago and i lost my bottom teeth and i have a  retainer that has the teeth on them and i took a gulp of water and they came  out and i know i have them, and i need a mask.  It's okay.  I need them now. I have's riitarian that has some teeth in the front that i  had lost. I got hit and lost them. And i was in the water, and i opened my  mouth to get a scoop of water and it came out, and i think it's right there  but i can't see. I don't want anyone else to know. Thanks, Brenda. I won't go  to the challenge. I'm not kidding. I'll pull myself from the game. I'm not  kidding.  Can you see it?  Hang on.  I'm going to pull myself if i don't find it. I'm pulling myself. Please get  down there. Oh, my God! Brenda! I love you so much! Thank you so much! So  thank goodness for Brenda. There is a lot of kindness, even when you're playing  a game that's about one winner. So that's a pretty good reminder right now.  Oh, my gosh! I'm sorry. Oh, my gosh. You just saved me.  I heart just went out to her so much. And after that incident, i'm not going  to turn my back on her.  I really love you, Brenda. Thank you for helping me.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. You guys ready to get to today's reward challenge?  Yeah!  Jeff: For today's challenge you'll be divided into two teams of five. On my  go, one person from each team will race through a series of obstacles into a  muddy pit, where you will search for a bag of balls. Once you have the balls,  you'll go through the rice, drop your bag on the table and she then the next  person goes. Once you've collected all five bags, you will then shoot your  balls into your basket. First team to get all 12 because into their barket  wins reward. Want to know what you're playing for? The winning team of five  will be taken to a very nice resort with a beautiful pool.  Wow.  Jeff: And a nice lunch. Beef, chicken, pork, cocktails.  Yes!  Jeff: Margaritas.  Oh, my God. This is huge.  Jeff: Nice break from the game and you return back to camp.  Wow.  Jeff: Worth playing for?  Yes!  Jeff: We'll draw for sports, and we'll get started. All right, we have our  two teams of five. Running for purple we've got Reynold, Erik, Dawn, Cochran,  and Phillip. Running for orange we have Eddie, Malcolm, sherry, Andrea, and Brenda.  Here we go for a nice reward. Survivors ready? Go! First step is over that  beam. Malcolm and Erik flying across it. No problem. Now to the water slide  and into the mud. Still next and neck. You're looking for a bag in that pit.  Once you find the bag of balls, you can move on. Erik's got his. He's moving  on. Malcolm still working on the bag for his team. Erik digging through that  rice, making a big passageway for all of his tribes mates. Malcolm still in  the mud pit with a different strategy. He's looking for all his team's bags  at once. Now Erik is going to head through with that first bag covered in  rice. Go, purple! Reynold now on the course for purple.  Whooo! Let's go, Reynold.  Malcolm, how you making out, buddy?  Jeff: Reynold now in the mud pit for the purple.  Finds a couple, Reynold.  Jeff: Reynold now going to start looking for extra bags, taking the same  strategy Malcolm is doing and he's got a seconds one. Malcolm has a fourth  bag.  Keep going, come on.  Jeff: Reynold has a third bag for his team. Reynold has all the bags  uncovered. Huge advantage new for purposele. Go, upper pel! Dawn now on the  course for purple. Malcolm has found all the bags for his team, but purple  with a big, early lead. Dawn now on the slide. Face first into the mud. Big  hit. Malcolm's there, go, orange! Andrea on the course for the orange team  now. Flying across that balance beam. Dawn, thanks to Reynold's work, can  just pick up a bag and keep moving. Purp cell on a roll.  Come ocome on!  Jeff: Go, purple! Cochran now on the course. Andrea now into the mud. There's  a bag ready for her, thanks to Malcolm. Andrea through the rice. Trying to  tighten it up. Go, orange! Sherry now on the course for orange. You gotta  move!  Sherry, you gotta go, baby, you gotta go.  Jeff: Cochran, big dive into the mud. That is how you do it!  Sherry, you gotta go. Sherry, you gotta go!  Jeff: Sherry taking a long time on the balance beam, longer than anyone else.  Go, purple! Phillip, the fifth and final person for purple. Sherry cost her  team a lot of time on that balance beam. Orange is now one and a half players  behind. Sherry has a bag. She's heading through the rice. Phillip now heading  down the slide. He's a big boy. It's a tight fit. &gt; arrgghhh!  Jeff: Sher struggling even through the rice. Go, orange! Brenda now on the  course for orange. Fipip has the fifth and final bag for purple. Start  untying, purple. Brenda flying through this course. Once you have all the  balls, you can start shooting. Brenda through the mud, now through the rice.  Go.  Jeff: Purple has one ball in. Eddie, the last person on the course. There's  three for purple. Purp weltheir fourth ball. Let's go, Eddie! Purple with  their fifth ball. With their sixth ball. Their seventh ball. Eddie through  the rice. Orange has a lot of time to make up. Purp weltheir tenth. Big lead  for purple.  One more ball.  Jeff: They can taste that food p.  Ball, ball, ball, ball.  Jeff: Purple has one ball left. It's over!  Yeah!  Jeff: Purple wins reward.  Oh, yeah! Awesome job.  Jeff: All right, Reynold, Dawn, Erik, Cochran, Phillip, nice job. Nice  reward. Have a good afternoon.  Thank you.  Jeff: Malcolm, Brenda, sherry, Eddie, Andrea, got nothing for you. Grab your  stuff. Head back to camp.  Hi, guys. Welcome. We have prepared some food and drinks for you. Take a  shower, sit back, relax, and enjoy your afternoon.  Thank you!  Forgive us, we're starving.  Reynold, Dawn, Erik, Phillip and i walked into our reward resort and we were  greeted by a table filled to the brim with all sorts of shrimp kabobs, beef  kabobs, fried chicken, calamari.  I have not had any beef in well over a month.  Oh, goodness. Protein is important in one's diet, and this is the sort of energy  i need to go into challenge and to continue to be the challenge monster i  think i have proven myself to be.  I realized i hadn't turned a showerhead on in 26 days.  There's soap!  Just the smell of the soap was overpowering. This might be my favorite part!  I needed it. I'd been losing my marbles. And i think the thing that's hardest  for me to process about the game is that it makes you feel kind of  schizophrenic, how quickly the emotions change.  Okay, much-needed shower.  This cloud just came off of you.  Phillip's etiquette is not the best. There's a shower to wash off in, but Phillip  dives into the food and gets mud and rice and all this horrible dirtiness  into the pool.  You're naked.  I'm naked?  That's pretty much what Phillip has done the whole season, just jumps in  without care for anybody else, does things on his own. I'm really sick of Phillip  being around.  I'm loving life.  I'm exhausted. I think i've probably slept two to four hours in the last  three days. My brain has not rested, so i've become nervous about how the  next stage of the game is going to play out. I'm paranoid about being  blindsided, you know. I in the seven? And are the people i think have been  aligned with me really aligned with me? Andrea has been spending most of her  time with Malcolm and with Eddie. I mean, she's so assimilated with them. And  if Eddie, Reynold, and Malcolm were able to pull someone from our seven over,  they could blindside me.  If Andrea flips with Malcolm and they split a vote, they need four to take me  out. They have four. She's going to do it.  Listen to me, Andrea would be one of the targets. You screw up, you go  against the alliance, we boot you out. I say to them, Andrea would in fact be  the first target but i might be looking at somebody else right now. Dawn!  True grit abuse she's totally a lunatic and she's losing her composure out  here. Are you not the target. And the most important thing for you to do is  act like you normally do on days like today.  Dawn's convinced that Andrea is going to flip over and vote her, Dawn, out.  How Dawn is so confident she's the person that would be on the receiving end  of this vote is baffling to me. It's making me suspicious of Dawn, quite  frankly.  Can we put this back on?  You want more?  Yeah.  I'm a happier person not hungry. Or tired.  I don't know what to do. It's so hard on me.  What? What happened? I need a break. All i did was take a piece of coconut. I  don't know what else--  you didn't do anything?  I didn't do anything wrong.  She's out of control. This isn't good.  Okay.  She's living in a world of tonight paranoia.  She's-- yeah.  I don't know if it's the close quarters.  There's no escape, yeah.  I mean, honestly feel like unstable.  It's overwhelming.  I think i might need some time just alone or something. Sorry, Cochran. I'm  tougher than this.  You're still being very tough. Just cry or whatever.  I cry more than a baby. Literally.  We had one who flew over the cuckoo's nest, hantz, he's gone. It looks like  there's another possible humming bird zipping over the cuckoo's nest, and her  name is Dawn.  I'm so tired of crying.  I slept.  That's good.  Oh, my gosh.  Did you stay dry?  Yeah i slept that whole night.  Nice. That's good.  Ya. Today is day 28. The day i went home last time i played, but after all of  yesterday, and my, you know, meltdown tornado, i woke up today feeling like  myself. I feel like my head's clear, the game isn't overwhelming me. I slept.  I feel like reboot. The game was overwhelming me. And i really wasn't in  control. But today i feel good. I feel good about our alliance.  We're gonna have a quick briefing as a group. I think it's a good idea.  Take a walk?  Okay.  Now that daub settled down we were on the eve of another tribal council,  stealth "r" us, being led by Phillip, decided it would be good to  get our ducks in a row and say who are we really voting off tonight?  Who do you want?  I probably want Reynold out.  Reynold.  Reynold.  I want Reynold first, because request challenge that guy goes up, his  strength is quite phenomenal. I want him gone first.  Tonight, nothing can really go wrong.  Okay.  As long as we're all on the same page.  So the four girls are going to vote Reynolds.  We have seven people against their three. We're going to split the vote. We  can throw four votes to Reynold, and in case something goofy happens we'll  throw the other three to Malcolm and flush out any possible idols. I don't  mean to be too confident but my alliance has the numbers and i couldn't be  happier.  Stealth!  Jeff: You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yeah.  Jeff: First things first, Brenda, take it back. Once again, immunity is back  up for grabs. Today's challenge will run in two heat. On my go, you'll race  across a platform, jump in to the ocean, then swim back under the platform by  pulling yourself along with the rope. You'll climb back on to the platform,  grab a ring, and move it to the second post. First two people from each heat  to get both their rings move on to the final round. The winner of the final  round wins immunity, guaranteed a one in what, Malcolm?  Nine!  Jeff: One in nine shot at winning this game. The rest of you, after 28 days,  tribal council. Somebody will be voted out. This challenge is going to go  quickly, and it's going to completely exhaust you. Whatever energy you have  right now, you need to use it here. Biele draw for spots and get started.  First heat we have Reynold, Cochran, dune, Andrea, and sherry. Two people  will move on to the final round. Here we go. Survivors ready? Go! Andrea not  messing around. Reynold off to a fast start. Who's going to come up first?  Reynold flying through this course. Dawn right behind him. There's Andrea.  Two people are moving on. Reynold in the lead. Andrea right there. Dawn  behind. Cock expran sherry falling behind quickly. There's Reynold. He's got  no competition. Reynold going to move on to the final round. One spot left.  Who's it going to be? Andrea has it. Andrea moving on to the final round with  Reynold! All right, next five.  I'm sitting out, jeff. I'm going to sit out this one.  Jeff: Phillip is not going to participate.  Nope, not going to do this one.  How come?  As a boy i had an incident in the water and i just feel really uncomfortable  with this particular challenge.  Jeff: Because you'll be underwater so long?  Yeah.  Jeff: All right, next four head out. Your odds just increased 20% with  immunity on the line. Phillip going to sit it out. 28 days into a game in  which the only thing that gives you security is immunity, that's how big that  fear is.  Yup.  Jeff: For the second heat, it is Brenda, Malcolm, Eddie, and Erik, one spot  is vacant, Phillip is note going to run. Survivors ready? Go! First out of  the water is Malcolm, followed by Eddie, and Erik, and Brenda everybody in  this. This round will determine it. It is Malcolm, and Eddie. Malcolm going  to move on. Eddie-- no, Eddie didn't get his ring on! That opens the door for  Brenda and Erik. Who's it going to be? Brenda going to move on to the final  round with Malcolm. Big error by Eddie. All right, here we go. Final round.  Five rings for this round. One winner. Somebody going to be wearing this  necklace tonight at tribal. The other nine will be vulnerable. Reynold, Andrea,  Brenda, and Malcolm, two men, two women, here we go. Survivors ready? Go!  Five rings is going to completely exhaust them. Malcolm and Reynold up first,  side by side, followed by Andrea and Brenda. Malcolm off to a bit of a lead  over Reynold. But it is a long challenge. It is Malcolm and Reynold up  together again. Both in the water together. Andrea and Brenda starting to  fall behind. Reynold now in the lead. Malcolm right behind. It is neck and  neck between Reynold and Malcolm. Reynold is out of the water first. Malcolm  now struggling. Reynold with his fourth ring. Malcolm with his fourth ring,  one ring left. This is it! Right here! Who will pop out of the water first?  It is Reynold. Reynold wins immunity!  Did i do it!  Yeah, you did it!  Jeff: Everybody gave everything they had. Reynold, you got enough energy to  swim over and get immunity?  Yeah!  Jeff: Reynold, congratulations. Going into tribal council safe tonight,  guarantee aid one in nine shot at winning this game. As for the rest of you,  somebody going home tonight. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. I'll see you  at tribal.  Anybody else destroyed?  All these people are cut throat. They want me out, i'm the biggest threat. I  have the immunity necklace, i'm going to do whatever i want.  Nice job, Reynold.  I have respect for all of you.  I have no respect for Phillip. I mean, when whatwhen it boils down to it,  he's all talk. He's no action. I think it's sack religious not to participate  in an immunity challenge, especially and i have lions and gorillas tattooed  on your body. Come on, man.  I wanted to speak to you for a second, if i could.  All right. Upon.  We're gonna still split?  Okay.  I'm finally in the leadership position. I feel like i might just might have a  shot of getting to the final three. And if these people aren't bitter, i  might actually have a shot of winning.  Here's my plan so that you know. We're gonna split the votes. One of the  beautez of being numbers of 7-3, is that it doesn't Matter. Malcolm can have  an idol, and it would be four Malcolm, three Eddie. So one of those two are  going to go home. Malcolm distribute have an idol. So he's sitting there (  whistling ) and bye-bye.  My head in the guillotine right now, but the idea now is i have the idol. No Matter  what. I play that thing, i'm not going home. But the idea is to get through  this vote and still have the idol. I have a feeling that we've just missed.  I'm all for looking for idols, dude.  I'm convinced it's on this path.  Here?  Yeah. The possibility still exists there's anothe idol on the out there and i  have a few hours, and nothing else to do, and no one else has asked, so maybe  this dream will come true.  I got trapped once as a boy. I was at a pond. And they had one of those  things-- so i think-- i think the hottest place for the idol is the introons  to the water.  Gray.  After the challenge, Andrea is like let's look for the idol and i say  absolutely. Because it's time to work, people. I don't know why people sit around  so much at camp. There's a million dollars.  So it was, like... Like, not fun.  Yeah, i don't want to do that.  This stupid thing could be anywhere.  I mean, it's a need until a haystack. Just let me know if it's back there. I  will come help.  I will not be able to contain myself.  Would it be too much for a clue?  You know what?  What?  You said that.  You just found it.  You just said that and i saw it.  Oh, my God.  You know what? I think you had it hidden.  I swear to God i just saw it.  All of a sudden Malcolm reach intiez roarke finds the hidden immunityite idol  right in front of us.  Malcolm, way to go. Good for you.  Malcolm was supposed to go home, but he found the hidden immunity idol  exactly when he needed to find it. So Eddie has to go now. Malcolm jut found  the idol.  In front of you?  Yeah, we were right by him.  Had him open it in front of us.  Same plan. Maybe he won't play it. Let's not get fancy. If he plays it, which  i assume he will, there's going to be a revote.  Perfect. &gt;&gt;y know he has it. Everyone just act normal.  He showed it to you?  Yeah, we saw it.  Who cares.  Okay.  We got the numbers.  So Malcolm is protected tonight. And Reynold won immunity. Now i'm double  screwed because my only chance for staying another day was if they decided to  vote off Malcolm instead of me. Ask now the entire camp knows he has the  hidden immunity idol. I'm going home.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the first member of our jury. Michael, voted out at  the last tribal council. So based on the last tribal council, Reynold, it  would seem that you, Eddie, and Malcolm are still on the outs.  Definitely agree with that, yeah. So for today's challenge, i felt like it  was pretty much win immunity or you're going home tonight scenario.  Jeff: Eddie, would you agree with that?  Yeah, i mean, one of the three of us is going to need to win it every time in  order to keep going. But you try to take all the positive you can from the  whole experience, you know. Everything i've done i'll remember forever.  Jeff: Andrea, Eddie is talking like he's gone.  It's very true. Everyone is looking at Eddie, because Malcolm happened upon  the hidden immunity idol.  Jeff: So everyone knows you have an idol.  We were right there.  Yeah.  Dawn and i were walking, and Malcolm turns around and finds it in a rock. So  he--  pretty stoked.  Reynold won when he needed to, and he found his idol when he needed to.  Jeff: So that, Cochran, why the target is on Eddie.  I don't think he was anybody's first choice.  Jeff: Who was the first choice?  Probably Reynold. He's the sort of guy who can charm his way to the top. He  won immunity so i think everybody views him as a huge, huge threat.  Jeff: Phillip, on the other side of today's challenge you made history. I  can't think of a time someone has volunteered to stay out of a challenge when  not tempted by food.  When i was a small boy, i went swimming with a group of kids and i got  trapped under the deck. I got disoriented, and fortunately for me the owner  found me and pulled me up out of the water. That's something i've always been  fearful of. For me, that is the decision i would have made again and again.  Jeff: Fair enough. Andrea, how is camp life?  You know, there's a lot of paranoia, to the point where we don't talk to Reynolds,  Eddie, and Malcolm, which is really stressful because i was on gota with them  and really enjoyed their company but it made a lot of people paranoid about  me and i think i was even a target at one point.  Jeff: Malcolm, is there tension?  Yeah, myself, Eddie, and Reynold are on the outs. We're kind of like we have  the plague or something. But this is supposed to be a game, so we figured  we'd do something about it, and tonight we're going to try. This is the other  immunity idol i've been hanging on to, i'm giving it to Eddie. Yeah, i had  that one for a while. I just found the other one today.  Jeff: So just to be clear hold tight. The looks on faces. Andrea can't even  look up. Malcolm, this is rare when tribal gets this crazy. Are you aware  that Dawn and Brenda are talking. Cochran and Erik are whispering. Andrea has  her hand if her face. What a shift.  That was the idea. That was-- ( laughter ) people are still whispering. There  must be paranoia right now from everyone going are they saying my name?  Except the three amigos. For once.  Jeff: So, Malcolm, i keep interrupting you--  it's okay.  Jeff: They're still talking. I feel like i want an individual pause button  and want to hit pause for the other nine.  I know for one vote we have control. One of the seven of this very tight  group are going home.  Jeff: Dawn, you were in control of this game like 20 success okay.  Honestly, i'm the faintingy sheep in this game, people saying things and i  go, boom, is it and fall over. Every day the game changes for me.  Jeff: Malcolm, you were saying?  Where was? Oh, yeah, we're going home. We're going to be safe tonight but  tomorrow morning the situation has not really changed. We're going to be down  6-3. We understand that, but we'll throw it out there, the three of us are  voting for Phillip. I don't need to go down a list of reasones yes. Everyone  knows in their heads. This is supposed to be a game, and it's supposed to be  fun. But it's not fun anymore i came out here to have the time of my life.  Jeff: You're saying fill iep.  Phillip is the fun sponge. He sucks it all out of the group. It's a game but  it doesn't have to be a militaristic thing where we're all in basic training.   That is not how i play the game. He is trying to label me as something i'm  not.  Jeff: Wow, so, where are we? Andrea, i'm guessing your best bet right now is  to say, sure, Phillip, absolutely Phillip. I know mao to spell it, two  "ls" and woon "p."  it's true, he has a the love conservation at once. I was once a target so,  i'm still very paranoid.  Jeff: Is that a big part of this, Andrea? What is it this is a double play  and this is not what's going to happen?  Exactly. I mean, i'm very scared.  I can say something?  Jeff: Yeah.  Yes, all three of them are like, we're the three amigos, these are our idols,  we're going to play them. But there is some bonus in keeping one idol. If one  person decides not to play it.  Jeff: Phillip, yet a new wrinkle. The fact that they're wearing them means  nothing. They need to give them to us.  I think we should vote the way we said we would vote when we came in here.  Fihave to go home, i have to go home. But i'd rather do it strategically than  malign my character.  Jeff: Cochran, you have written papers about Survivor  i'm having a bipolar reaction. Because the "Survivor" fan is  sitting home saying this is the most exciting freaking tribal council i have  ever seen. People are whispering, and voting is change chicago is extremely  rare at tribal council so this is going to be a gamble.  Jeff: What is it it is about taking out one of the other six and they're  shoving everything towards Phillips is a misdirect.  I think it just takes a couple us to vote and take someone out that's in the  alliance that's not Phillip.  Jeff: So the questions as we go to the vote are who are the three amigos  going to vote for? Who are the seven going to vote for? And are Eddie and Malcolm  going to play their individual immunity idols? All right, one of the craziest  tribals ever. It is time to vote. Phillip, you're up.  Whatever happens tonight, this is why i freaking love "Survivor"  and have for 13 years.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has the hidden immunity idol and  you want to play it, now would be the time to do so.  Jeff: Eddie and Malcolm both played their idols. Any vote cast for Eddieo Malcolm  will not count. I'll read the votes. First vote, Malcolm. Does not count.  Malcolm. Does not count. Eddie. Does not count. Eddie. Does not count. Eddie.  Does not count. Eddie. Does not count. Phillip. One vote Phillip. Two votes Phillip.  11th person voted out and the second member of our jury, Phillip. That's  three. That's enough. You need to bring me your torch. Phillip, the tribe has  spoken.  Thank you.  Jeff: Well, in one of the craziest tribals ever, Reynold, Eddie, and Malcolm  survive another vote. The question is did they change the game enough to  survive another vote? Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night.  Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, and ford. Drive one.  Captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  jeff: Next time on "Survivor"  jeff: Reynold, Eddie, and Malcolm look to recruit new Allies.  You can't beat them, you join them.  Jeff: When who doesn't love "Survivor" auction? How often does that  happen?  More often than you think.  I feel i played a great game. I am so happy with the way i played. I tried to  bring into the game some things i learned from boston rob. I felt often like  i can in "Survivor" season 22. I wasn't respected. I wasn't  appreciated for the things that i do. That part hurts for me. I'm feeling  good. I, i played a great game. I know i did a very good job out here and did  my best.