<br/>jeff: This is the caramoan islands. A stunning paradise, and a dangerous  wilderness. These 10 americans are about to begin the adventure of a  lifetime.  It is definitely a surreal experience that i'm here, and i am going to be  playing the game.  Jeff: They come from different walks of life.  I've been on over 60 combat missions in iraq so as far as this game goes,  they're lunch meat.  Jeff: But they have one thing in common-- they are all fans of  "survivor."  know enough about the game and i know enough about people that i think i'll  make it to the verien.  Jeff: And first impressions are already forming.  There is one guy with glass who seems particularly observant of everybody  else. He is going to be another strategist, besides myself.  One of the blonde, good lord, you could break her in two, i think, and she  looks like she's, like, 18 years old. I'm like, "what in the hell is she  doing out here?"  jeff: But flying overhead, their competition. 10 favorite survivors from past  seasons. Malcolm. One of the most popular to ever play came within one  challenge of winning it all. But he dropped the ball. Cochran, the survivor  nerd. Eighth person voted out of "survivor: South pacific." he  betrayed his tribe.  You threw the whole tribe under the bus. You disuvment me.  Jeff: He paid the ultimate price and he took Dawn down with him. He told her  his plan to flip but she was too loyal to go along. Brenda, she used her  looks to her advantage.  Shiez a cute girl.  She's going to take you guys out one by one.  Jeff: But not everyone on her tribe-- the tribe has spoken-- was charmed.  If we were to give him the necklace, that would redeem him and he would vote  for amanda.  Who would vote for that.  I want to give individual immunity to natalie.  This will go down as the dumbest in survivor ever is there Erik wasn't the  only one to give up immunity. Brandon was willing to sacrifice everything to  play the honest game his uncle, russell hantz, never could.  You're not going to screw me or there are going to be consequences.  Jeff: Andrea, the hardworking farm girl.  Maybe come hang out in wisconsin.  Really?  Jeff: She flirted her way right out of the game. Andrea, the trike has  spoken. Corinne.  She was good at making friends. But even better at making enemies.  Shoe are an ununemployed, uneducated, leach on society.  Jeff: Phillip.  Hey!  Jeff: He was labeled crazy by his tribe mates.  Suddenly a guy who was able to become a federal agent--  whatever? &gt;&gt;.  Suddenly becomes ( bleep ) crazy with some white folks they like to take a  black man and make them crazy when he makes an argument you tonight want to  hear.  Jeff: But he aligned with one of "survivor's" best and made to the  final three. Now he'll have to contend with a former rifle, Francesca.  You are a crazy person.  I am sane.  Jeff: But Phillip came out the victor when Francesca was voted out first.  First person voted out of "survivor: Redemption island."  the name of the game is people who make the mistakes.  Jeff: What will happen when these explosive personalities collide. 10  favorites much work together while battling the elements and their egos. 10  fans must learn the game fast or they'll be voted out. In the end, only one  will remain to claim the million-dollar prize. 39 days, 20 people, one  survivor. * *  careful.  Jeff: Come on in! Welcome to the caramoan islands. ( cheers and applause ).  You guys ready to see who you're playing against?  Absolutely!  Yes!  Jeff: This season you will be playing against some of your favorite survivors  from past seasons. Bring them in! From "survivor: South pacific," Cochran.   Nerd alert!  Jeff: Also from "survivor: South pacific," Dawn.  Dawn! Oh, my God!  Jeff: From "survivor: Gabon," Corinne. From "survivor: Redemption  island" a Andrea. He was a fan the first time he played this game. He's  returning as a favorite. Erik from "fans versus favorites." from  "survivor: Philippines," Malcolm. From "survivor: Nicaragua,"  Brenda.  She's so dangerous.  Jeff: From "survivor: South pacific," Brandon.  Oh, my God. That's russell's nephew!  Jeff: From "survivor: Redemption island," Francesca. And rounding  out the favorite tribe from "survivor: Redemption island," former  federal agent, Phillip sheppard.  Jeff: Let me tell you what you're playing. It is "survivor: Caramoan -  fans vs. Favorites" 2. ( applause ) arlet me hand you your buffs. Fans,  put them on. Favorites, put them on p.  Go, big orange.  Jeff: All right, shall we start things off with a little challenge?  Yeah!  Wring it!  We need a little fight!  Whoa!  Jeff: Here's how it's going to work, two members from each tribe are going to  race to retrieve a ring. You will then work together to get back to your flag  pole with the ring while the other tribe tries to stop you any way they can.  The first tribemember to have one hand on their flag pole, one hand on their  ring, scores a point for their tribe. Want to know what you're playing if?  Yes.  Jeff:you are playing for an elderly head start in this game in the form of  fire. ( applause ) nobody knows better than the group of favorites how  important fire is in this game. To go along with the philanthropist, 20  pounds of beans.  Yes!  Jeff: Which the other tribe will not have. This challenge takes place in the  water. Figure out what you're going to wear. I'll give you a minute to  strategize. We'll get started.  I want to hit somebody really hard.  Jeff: Here we go. First round, one man, one woman from the favorites. First  round going to be Erik and Dawn taking on one man, one woman. Julia and Shamar.  You'll start with a hand on the pole. Here we go. First challenge, of fan  verizon favorites 2. Survivors ready? Go! Erik off to a fast start. He's  going to get that ring first. Now he's got to get back.  Oh!  Jeff: He's got a big boy coming after him. Erik going to launch that. It's up  for grabs. Julia has it! Dawn takes down Julia. That ring's up for dwrabz.  Shamar now on it. This could be tough to beat fans score the first point!  Fans lead one-zip. Who you putting up? Hope and annie taking on Brandon and Andrea.  Who wants it more? Eddie now going to take off after that ring.  Keep it, keep it!  Jeff:oon degree and hope going at it. Andrea now pulling hope.  Go get it, Brandon!  Jeff: Brandon in on it. Everybody has a hand on the ring now. Eddie getting  closer and closer to that fan flag pole. Brandon now dragging him over to the  favorites' pole. Huge effort for Brandon and Andrea. Andrea very close. Can  she reach the pole? Yes! Favorites score. We are 1-1.  Favorites, baby!  Oh, my God.  Way to go!  Jeff: Next round, Sherri and Michael for the fans, taking on Phillip and Brenda  for the favorites. We are tied 1-1. Playing to 4. Survives ready? Go! Michael  high-stepping it toward that ring. Michael's got the ring for the fans.  Phillip wanting on him. Phillip going to take it on. Michael going hod with Phillip.  He's not tossing that ring. He's just hanging on  i'm a big boy.  Jeff: Phillip now trying to get it away from Michael. Sherri and Brenda tied  up.  Break her wrist!  Jeff: What.  Break her wrist like break her hold.  Jeff: Everybody now in on it. Phillip now with a strategy that will be hard  to stop. Phillip scores. Favorites lead 2-1. Next round, Matt and Laura for  the nans. Up against Cochran and Francesca for the favorites. Favorites lead  2-1. Here we go, survivors ready? Go.  Come on, guys!  Jeff: Not running at all. Nobody running in this round.  Corcoran, you take her.  Corcoran, you stay with her.  Corcoran, you're asking to have to take her down.  Think you can handle me?  You wouldn't believe what i can handle.  Jeff: The favorites are going to let Matt just have it. Francesca now getting  into it, trying to pull that ring away from Matt. Corcoran now get wet. Now  who is in control is the question? Everybody has a hand on that ring.  Corcoran tries to take down lara. You're almost there, don't give up!  Jeff: Favorites very close to their flag pole. Got to have one hand on the  ring. And they do! Favorites score! Favorites lead 3-1!  That was awesome! Way to go fran and Cochran.  Jeff: All right, next two. Corinne and Malcolm from the favorites taking on Reynold  and Allie from the fans. Favorites lead 3-1. Playing to 4.  This is it!  Jeff: Favorites could win it right here. Fans need to score to stay alive.  Survivors ready? Go!  You got it!  Jeff: Malcolm and Reynold both sprinting if that are ring. Reynold's going to  get it. Malcolm takes him down. Allie and Corinne now on it. Corinne trying  to take Allie out of it this. Reynold literally pulling Malcolm. Two of the  biggest guys out here squaring off Malcolm losing his shorts.  Get the ring!  Jeff: Everybody now with a hand back on it. Favorites can win it right here.  Malcolm is now the one dragging everybody. It has been a showdown between Malcolm  and Reynold, and Malcolm is fighting back with his shorts around his knees.  Come on! Malcolm! Corinne very close to that pole. Not quite. Corinne slips  off. Reynold now fighting back. Malcolm is very close. Favorites score!  Favorites win the first challenge!  Yes! Yes!  Not too much, guys. Hey, bring it in. Bring it in.  Jeff: Favorite, flint, who wants it? Go get it, Brandon.  Jeff: And 20 pound of beans!  I'll take that. I'll see you guys.  Jeff: Fans, got nothing for you. Boat's waiting to take you back to camp get  started working on your shelter. Favorites off to a quick start. Head back to  camp, get started on your shelter.  To me the challenge without, you know, being the winners was very  disappointing to me. I had so much confidence in my team, so it made me, you  know, realize that, you know, i don't have full control over this game and  they just have to do my best and inspire my teammates, you know, to do a better  job next time.  Where is our theme music?  Oh, yeah.  What's in there?  Rice.  Oh, thank God!  When we saw the flag we saw the machete and the bag of rice right there, we  any que it was real. We were home. This beautiful island was going to be our  home for the next 35 days.  We need water. We need to start a fire. Shelter is great, but if we  dehydrate, we'll die.  We all had one canister of water, and it was pretty much gone and we realized  we had to make fire to be able to boil water or i mean we wouldn't make it  two days.  To me, shelter is just as important as fire. And there's 10 people on our  tribe. So i'm just going to do my thing and see how it plays out.  I've never seen two prettier sunburns.  There's no such thing as a pretty sunburn.  You guys put a lot of energy into that ( bleep ) that we don't need right  now.  What are you talking about?  We need fire, man.  There are can't be--  you guys have energy, put it toward the fire.  I'm not a fire maker. I'm a shelter maker. Everyone's got their job to do.  And--  i want a damn shelter, i want water, i want all of it but if someone doesn't  work on the shelter, then it's not going to get done.  Do what you will, man.  Diewrkd i'm working on shelter. I've been busting my ass. I haven't seen you  lift one single finger. I haven't seen you lift a bamboo or chop anything. I  kind of had higher expectations from a marine.  Matt, you're doing great, man.  I know. I feel like i'm busting my ass, while you're sitting there.  Who is getting dogged? What are you doing, though? What are you really doing,  though? What have you accomplished? Oh, i think you're getting on me! I think  you're saying this! And i think you're saying that.  I'm a little bit worried about how we are going to size up against the other  tribe now. We're going to have an immunity challenge coming up, and we're  going to have to have camaraderie in camp or else things are going to get  ugly quick.  Don't need--  all right, all right.  Shut up! I'm not talking to you!  Landing on this beach, it was a little surreal, and i'm thinking i've had  this experience. I was walking on a beach and we were finding our camp.  Definitely different as far as the island.  Oh, sorry.  I mean, this is dinosaurs or something. I mean, this is incredible.  This really has a way of making you feel unathletic.  Yeah.  I can't even walk right now.  As the new kid on the block, kind of, my role the first few days is rail  impression management. Luckily, i managed to win the game point and won us  the flint and the beans, and so i got to make a great first impression on the  tribe, which is actually great for my strategic game.  The first time you come out, you're so unsure. There's so much unknown.  You're wondering can i survive the humidity. I can survive the heat? I can  survive starvation? Can i do it? I already know i can do it. This time when i  hit the beach i was probably like my father when he went to iwo jima in world  war ii. They were ready to deal with whatever they had to deal with. It was  awesome for me when i first hit that beach knowing i'm ready, baby.  Phillip, what's the plan?  What plan?  Like the shelter plan?  My preference is this is very, very temporary. For me i want to be facing the  ocean when i wake up in the morning upon i want to look at the ocean.  You can just turn your head.  No.  You can go like this and then like that.  True.  Looking at Phillip now, it's hard to read him. I mean, i pretty much stand by  my initial assessment of him as a crazy person. Um, but i'm hoping the fact  that i was the first person out my first season is going to work to my advantage  because they're much bigger threat in the game, so when they're look around  and wondering, you know, who do they need to be worried about, hopefully they  won't be thinking about me.  What are you guys thinking?  In terms of?  Big picture-small picture.  We have to stick together?  Yeah.  You're loyal.  No question.  To a fault.  I rail want to work with you.  Yeah.  So i think, okay, us three for sure. And then i know that Cochran is so  loyal.  Cochran would stay loyal to us.  He would, maybe us three-- are you sit on getting Phillip out right away?  I guess i was a little traumatized by having a real bad minority line when i  first played and now i'm like i'm going to align with everybody.  Us three, Cochran, Brandon, Phillip, there's six.  Oh, God!  Like probably--  let's not get ahead of ours. You know, i think a lot of people think that my  first season i got kind of a raw deal and got stuck in an impossible  situation, which i totally agree. And so i've got to prove that that's the  case and that i actually can play this game and, you know, be smart about it  and be competitive and make the right relationships and get along with people  and be a serious threat in this game. I guess i want to start out by saying  that, you know, even though we didn't get along so well.  Uh-huh.  The first time we played together, you know, i was never gunning for you. And  i know that you thought that i was, but i hope you know now that when i told  you that i wasn't, i was tell you the truth.  I'm going to let Francesca be Francesca. The fact of the Matter is i buried  the hatchet with her when she came up to me here and had a conversation with  me, i realize she's stuck in a time warp. I just think that-- she annoys me  greatly. We're playing a new game.  Yeah.  Be smart about it.  No, that's all-- that's what i'm trying to do.  Today, we're on the same team.  Yeah.  Okay?  That's how i feel, absolutely.  We've got a job to do.  Fill. And i i had our first conversation. It was fine. I mean, you know, i  resigned myself to just playing really nice with Phillip. But, you know, i  don't know. I mean, i don't know if he's going to be gunning for me. I'm not  gunning for him. So if i am voted off first a second time, i will eat-- this  rock. It's not going to happen.  Getting voted out is one thing, but i'm not going to sit up here and be the  guy who goes out for dehydration. That's not, you know, something they could  have lived with, so i just started looking at people make the fire and i  started seeing where they were going wrong.  Didt got warm but it barely burned.  I sat back on the log and i was like all right so i need this kind of wood. I  need to do this. I need to do that.  That's not going to work.  This hole is too big for me, man. We'll use this wood right here, cut a  little rivet in it. I'm going to be the marine who came in at the end and  smashed them. Once it starts smoking, light blows, and we can make it happen.  We, for real.  I like that.  We can make this happen.  We're good.  You're comfortable, right?  Uh-huh.  Hello?  I see an ember. I see an ember. Keep going. Four, three, two, one. Ember.  Hold on, hold on.  Help!  Keep it easy. The other side.  Keep it going.  Okay.  Yeah!  Get some wood.  Okay, guys, get some more, get some more.  Keep blowing it, keep blowing it.  If we got dehydrated just off the fire, i knew we had water around the  corner. I had to make it happen. It was like being in iraq and having to get  home. It just had to happen.  Yeah!  Look at my face. Didn't i tell you? Didn't i tell you?  Signs saw everyone over by the fire, i knew that it was great news. Obviously,  we need fire. I was extremely happy.  I loaf you, man. I love you.  I smooth it over with Shamar. We shook hand. Sometimes you gotta give a guy  the benefit of the doubt, a little bit. * *  oh, my God. I need a second scoop, after everybody has had some. It's crispy  heaven!  We're happy see you happy.  We have such a good crowd. When i look at everybody in there, i'm thinking  this is going to be a good game. I thought some things i learned from boston  rob might come to they playworking with this group. I created something  called "the b.r. rules." b.r. rule one would be be in an alliance.  Rule two, be an alliance within a alliance. Rule three, get rid of your  alliance before they get rid of you. And you don't owe anybody anything. It's  all about family. This is important.  Tell me.  What i would like to try to do with you, get in an alliance early and i would  like to get Malcolm and Andrea.  I'm in. I love it.  I'm playing a different strategy this time. First of all, find two people  that are very efficient at dominating the tribe, making sure we have the  numbers. I pick Corinne. I gave everyone a name, you're dominatrix. Corinne  is a take charge type of person. And Andrea, because i knew her. I knew her  to be a strategist.  If we wanted to go, like, us, and film, the stronger people so we don't  totally suck.  I'm for it.  Part of my strategy was to have two people like that. Malcolm is in. I want Dawn.  I would be in the background. Because i am being stealth, the undercover  brother, for sure, the specialist, behind the scenes, giving direction,  without making it so everybody, except my core alliance. I look at you, and  you of i see how you play the game. Hence, you're the intelligentia attache.  I have gone out and recruited six people.  Having fun?  Good. I'm having fun, too. But i'm look at Erik. There's something there that  i like. Right now i think i have the numbers where if i didn't bring you in,  let's say, for example, people i'm aligned with could still control things  here.  Gotcha.  But i want you in. As long as you don't get nervous.  Sometimes i do get a little nervous, but--  it's going to require you to completely trust me 100%.  Go ahead, go ahead. Sorry, sorry. You're going to trust somebody out here,  anyway.  I know. I know how it goes. Fair enough.  I don't want to bring somebody to the party that don't want to come. And by  the way, i'm just the messenger. I was sent. I'm an errand boy.  All right.  So don't think you're going to run back there and say, "guess  what?" you have the wrong person.  Phillip basically said to me, "you're with me or you're out." it's  not even a choice, which drives me nuts. The fact that he came to me with  this fear mentality with a boston rob style, i don't want to be with him.  He's a combative idiot loser who makes everybody crazy.  Pretty clear we have to stick together.  Yeah, yeah. You and i.  Yeah.  Are a hunted species out here.  I know. We're definitely targets on our back.  We'd be stupid not to.  Yeah.  So that was cool we got paired up in immunity challenge today.  Yeah, that was awesome.  I definitely want to be with you.  Me, too.  I mean, i think if we just watch out for each other, no Matter what, crazy  alliances are going to happen and get broken. Like, i'm talking about all the  way to the last two.  Me and you to the last two. Swear to God?  Swear to God. I think it was serendipitous that i got paired up with aly in  the challenge. We should act like we are getting rocks which we are. I knew  the guys would want to pair up with me and there's no pressure to that. But  what i needed instantly was somebody who was not obvious. And i think she's  an obvious choice. She kind of flies under the radar. She's not the cutest.  She's not the anything. She's just cool and likable. #-r i'm not. You're not  going to screw me over, are you?  Promise.  "survivor" is a game of gut instinct, and right now my gut feels  good. And i think hers does, too.  I can't believe how many stars are out.  I know.  It's wild.  You can see so many more out here.  It's like my bedroom when i was a child.  Mine are still up, i think.  I'll feeling nostalgic. So we're sticking together.  Um.  I'm only asking because i like to think this we have, like, a connection.  That's because we're the only two who--  me and hope are the two bested looking people here, i know what i mean? I'm  not just saying that. That's how it is. As soon as we got off the boat we  were partners with the challenge. And i'm like i'm going to work with you.  And she's like i'm going to work with you. So we're sticking together.  Yeah, i mean, that's the plan. Me, you... I don't know. Who else?  I like Reynold. He's my boy.  I do, too.  I like Allie.  Yeah.  Hope, she's like a little southern belle. That's what i looking for-- i don't  know if i'm looking to slow dance. We're going to have fun. You're my  southern belle for the next month. I'm having a great time.  The first night, everybody was really just looking for body warmth, so it was  just like we were all piling in. But i did notice because i was sleeping next  to Reynold and Allie, that their cuddling was a little bit more. I noticed a  little bit more arms locked around. You know, it wasn't just a body warmth  thing. Not a smart move. Romantic alliances do not work on  "survivor." you're going to get targeted right away.  It's hot right now, right?  It's really hot.  I just want to make sure i only ask because i want to make sure i'm not  feeferlishly--  no it's hot. It's really hot.  Whether-wise, this is not my environment. I was not aware how quickly i can  become sunburned. The sun is constantly roasting you. My entire body, head to  toe-- literally, my toes are sunburned.  Oh, my gosh!  How is that happening? They're so swollen.  Look at his feet. They're swollen.  Oh, man, that's bad.  They feel very, very tight. I guess they are swollen.  Cochran is like a little tomato right now. He is all bright red all over the  place and he is swollen like a little pregnant lady.  I can't move. I'm burning. When i move i get exhausted. If we had a challenge  right now, i'd actually die. I'm trying to put on a brave face, maybe make  some self-deprecating comments around camp-- oh, yeah, i look like a lobster,  i look like a freak. I'm in pain right now. I'm trying to stay strong. My new  persona is strong, a little swagger. I can't be the same freak i was last  time.  Outside of this island, i would hang out with you guys.  Yeah.  Yeah the same.  It feels more natural.  There are a lot of hours in the day. Strategy or no strategy, you have to  hang out. Allie and i i had a little cuddle session last night, and a lot is  communicated through the cuddle. So now we kind of have this four with me, Eddie,  Allie, and hope. So it's all kind of worked out.  We're all going tow try not to be cliche and have the cool kids hang out, but  it happens.  Holly all over again.  Oh!  That's true, though.  But it is true.  This is, like the cool kid lunch table back at holly. Everybody wants to sit  at the cool kid lunch table. You have to work your way in. But i don't think  anybody else is going to be at our table.  I'm not kidding.  Did you say something about a weird vibe this morning?  Uh-huh.  Yeah.  I think sleeping situations kind of said a lot last night.  I agree.  There's lots of snuggling going on last night. It wasn't just a, "i'm  staying warm," kind of cuddle, snuggle kind of thing. They were hook up.  We have to break up the couple.  I definitely don't think i'll be able to get close with those four.  Okay, i'm with you.  Guys, guyses, i'm 100%.  Real quick, real quick.  Okay.  I told the ladies that i was with hem. "oh, yeah, i'm with you  guys." but i'm trying to set myself up so that i can be hip to either  direction because i want to go where it's best for me.  This thing on my lec is all baldness, like a wizard zorb.  Oh, my God.  Matt and i, we both have a great sense of humor, i think. He's laid back, and  he works hard so we kind of, you know, vibe in camp the same way.  There are a lot of people freaking out and talk.  Yeah, yeah, yeah, there's a lot going on. There's a circle of ladies that  circled around me while you were gone. I told them i was in with them but i'm  totally open to another option if you feel stronger about something.  Mike cell kind of, like, tell me, there are a couple of different alliance  possibilities that have come up and they're really strong options, and he  wants to know where i stand.  You know, there are pluses and minuses to both options.  Yeah, it's one of those weird things because everyone is kind of jumping the  gun and we don't want to look too you know--  yeah, yeah.  Threatening off the bat.  I toablgthsly agree. For me, you and i we will decide together which way wait  to go.  If we win immunity and don't have to go to tribeand keep winning, we're not  going to have to make that decision for a while.  Jeff: Come on in, guys!  Wow!  Cochran, that is the worst sunburn i've ever seen on survivor.  You're not seeing the half of it. It's pretty ridiculous.  True.  Jeff: When did that happen?  Instantly. ( laughter ).  Jeff: All right, you guys ready to get to your first immunity challenge?  Yes!  Yeah!  Jeff: Here's how it goes. On my go, you will race out in pairs up a  four-story tower. At each 44 you will find three craits filled with sandbags.  You toss them over the side, race back down, the next pair goes. Once you've  tossed all 12 craits over, the remaining pair will race in, grab the  sandbags, and attempt tow land them in a series of targets. First tribe to  get one sandbag in each of their six spots wins immunity. This is what you  want right here. With immunity in your possession, you cannot be voted out.  That is the key. Without it, you are vulnerable. Winning tribe, safe. Losing  tribe goods to tribal council tonight where somebody will be the first person  voted out of this game. In addition, fans, if you win, you are also still  playing for flint. Big stakes. Give you a minute to strategize. We'll get  started. Here we go. For immunity. Survivors ready? Go! Cochran is up first  for the heroes, sherry and Laura up first for the fans. Cannot toss the  crates until both tribe members there. Go!  Go, go, go!  Go!  Jeff: Cochran and Phillip heading down. Lauren and Sherri heading down.  Come back! Come back! Come back!  Jeff: Francesca and Corinne now out for the favorites. Michael and hope out  for the fans. This pair has to go up two floors. We dead even right now.  Gotta wait until both are there. Start tossing.  Go! Go!  Grab them, grab them!  Go, go, go!  Come omike!  Jeff: Fans now in a bit of a lead.  Go, go, go!  Come on, let's go!  Jeff: The only way up is on the ladder. The only way down is on the fire  pole.  Good job! Good job!  Made up some time!  There go Julia and Matt for the fans.  Come ocome on.  Jeff: Err and i can Brenda for the favorites. Erik flying up that ladder.  Erik is leaping to the top. Julia flying up this ladder.  Go, Julia!  Good job!  Jeff: Go!  Way to go, Matt.  Jeff: Matt is tossing. Erik's tossing!  Perfect.  Nice job, guys. Come back, come back!  Jeff: We are still dead even three floors in. Brenda flies down that pole.  This is neck and neck.  Go!  Jeff: Brandon and Andrea, the last pair for the favorite. Eddy and Allie, the  last pay for the fans. Now you're going four floors up. Four ladders up. Four  polls coming down. Brandon gets to the top first. Go, Brandon! Eddie waiting  on Allie. He can't go until she's there.  Oh, baby!  Do it! Do it!  Jeff: Go, fans! Favorites now take the lead, and they're flying down!  Andrea!  Jeff: Fans have fallen behind.  Yes! Yes! Yes! Take it!  Jeff: Brandon and Andrea smoking this course! Malcolm and Dawn will now be  doing the collecting of sandbags and as Allie and Eddie race back. Got six  targets you need to hit. Fans, you need to pick it up!  Hustle! Hustle! Hustle! Come back down!  Jeff: Malcolm tossing for the favorites. Malcolm scores one for the  favorites. It is Reynold and Shamar collecting sandbags for the fans.  Jeff: Malcolm scores another. Malcolm scores another one for the favorites.  The favorites with three. Reynold and Shamar have collected their sandbags.  Reynold is going to toss for the fans. Come on, Reynold!  Jeff: Just missing. Reynold scores one for the fans.  Jeff: Malcolm, close but no go. Reynold scores another one for the fans. The  fans with two. Reynold scores another. We are 3-3. It is 4-3, fans. 5-3,  fans. Pheiffer-4, fans. 5-4, fans. Reynold has one left. Malcolm needs two.  Come on, baby, come on!  Jeff: Malcolm just misses again. The fans need one more bag, and there it is!  Fans win first immunity challenge! Fans, congratulations. ( applause ) nice  way to start. Immunity and flint.  Yeah!  Jeff: Favorite, after only three days in this game, somebody from your tribe  will be the first person voted out of "fans versus favorite." grab  your stuff, head back to camp. Camp. See you tonight at tribal. Fans, no  tribal council tonight. Enjoy the night off. Head back to camp.  It was a heartbreaker. I mean, you know, you can be confident, and we were  confident, but there's such a thing as luck and that guy, Reynold, he was  just really good at tossing sandbags into holes, apparently some skill that  if it had taken him 10 seconds longer we would have won. Unfortunately we're  going to tribal council tonight. Yeah, so, that sucks that we lost. &gt;lost,  but i think Phillip.  Yeah.  I mean, have you guys talked about the game at all?  Cute nicknames and stuff but not about actual game play. He's like you're a  smart man. I respect you.  If we didn't do Phillip i like Corinne.  See, i like Corinne.  I like her too, it's not that--  i brought you a wet buff. &gt;&gt;ots not that i don't like her, i do. But if  Corinne had come to me yesterday and said let's talk about the game, what are  you thinking? That would make me trust her more because that would be more in  keeping with who i perceive her to be. The fact that, "everything's  great. We're playing survivor? We vote people out? I didn't even know  that." that makes me suspicious of her.  You need to put that on your head. Just go like-- go like this.  Squeeze it on to your head.  Like this.  Oh, my God, that is delightful! I feel, like, 10 years younger.  You look it. There it is.  Sunburn aside, i have basically instant rapport with-- i say everybody on my  tribe is intensely satisfying. It's basically the aloe to my sunburn, as it  were.  Hey, Brandon.  How are you guys?  Good morning.  Hey.  Phillip.  Okay.  Unless you have a different idea who else could it possibly be?  Go with the flow.  What does everyone else think? We have enough, right?  Well, this is five--  is Brendan with you? Is Brendan-- no?  I don't think there's going to be anyone.  Francesca is tricky for me because i really like her. She's funny. I think we  have a pretty good bond. It's just-- it's hard because we talked, like, right  away. Her, me, and Dawn, but then a long time went by and i didn't hear  anything from her. So she has her own agenda but i think i have more loyal  people with Phillip, so instead of Francesca, it's almost better to go that  way.  I heard strategy talk. And i'm like i should talk to Francesca so she doesn't  you know so she thinks a lot of us are on board with her. And i was like so,  like, what's up? What were you thinking? And she's thinking of you. Like, she  needs to go.  What.  I think she needs to go.  I told you. She's always strategizing. She doesn't wait. She's not patient.  She needs to go. I like the idea of voting Francesca out first again. You  need to be like machiavelli who said,, if you come at me once, i will burn  your village. I will kill your aunts, uncles and all your children so none of  your kind will exist again opinion  oh!  So i guess Phillip, huh?  Definitely. He said, "i've got a choice for you." he said,  "you're either with me, or you're not but if you're not we still have  the numbers anyway." so me basically didn't even get me a choice. He  said, "you're with me or you're dead," basically. He scares me Phillip  basically approached me on the first day and he said, "you can be with  me and we have the numbers or can be against me, and i have the numbers  anyway." maybe he does have the numbers. Maybe Phillip does have enough  people that he can control the game, but i'm not sure what Phillip's up to.  He's quiet. He's just hanging out. He's not scrambling too much. So i don't  know what's up his sleeve.  I've already spoken with Erik just now.  Oh, yeah, okay. He's totally fine, right?  He said there's no doubt in his mind he wants Phillip gone first but he said Phillip  came to him and said he had numbers, blah, blah, blah.  Really? They have numbers. How are Corinne and Phillip numbers? Who else will  be part of that alliance?  I can only guess maybe Andrea.  No.  I would hope not because we already spoke with her.  What the heck is going on here? I mean, i don't know, there are still  conversations going on but it seems pretty clear that Phillip is going to be  the one to go. You know, of course, i could be blindsided. I could be voted  out first, twice, which would be the worst thing ever. Really the workforce  thing ever-- i really can't talk about that possibility right now.  I don't know, do you have any preference or inclinations or something?  What about you? How are you thinking you want to play? Because you don't have  to play with me. I just feel i do trust you. I feel like one good person to  trust is going to save a lot.  Coming into this game i was a little bit skeptical of how Dawn would react to  me because i arguably screwed her over last time. I voted her out. I wasn't  sure if there was anything to be any lingering resentment. I like Francesca.  I was hoping-- &gt;&gt;y don't trust frannie for the long haul because she's  going to play to win so to me, she's a person, take out. Phillip, medium.  I'm willing to work with her. She's honest to a fault unless she's reinvented  herself over the past year and decided to play a more cutthroat game. The  fact that she is willing to take out frannie who she professed to work with  indicates this is a new Dawn. My conversation is kind of with the other  faction of, like, Phillip, Andrea, you, me, Malcolm.  I think the truth is, in this game, it's numbers.  If it's about numbers, the other numbers aren't secure.  I know.  As far as i can tell.  I mean, i don't know-- i want to work with you. I feel like it's family for  me to trust. You know i'm good this is a game. Cochran and i talked at length  about staying together and voting together and i trust him right now and what  i'm gog have to do is really see what's in the best interest for us as far as  where to vote because wherever Cochran and i lie we kind of swing, as far as  i can tell. I mean, to me, it's probably the time for us to say, let's take  it all the way to end and let's figure out who the other people are.  We have to come to a decision relatively quickly, though.  I know. Whew. I would like usul to vote for Phillip, but just in case, i  don't know if we need to split the vote between him and Corinne.  You're saying Corinne next.  Shh. I'm thinking, just because i don't trust her. Malcolm is not talking  unless he's talking to any of you guys.  That would be Malcolm. Corinne, Phillip. That's all we need.  But if they have an idol, they only need three.  Who do you think it is why do you think that?  One of the things we're considering is splitting the votes because as  unlikely as it may seem, it is possible that Phillip has an idol, and i hate  to, like, go down this paranoid road, but i don't know. Something does not  feel right about the way they're behaving.  So now what?  Andrea knows we're splitting the vote. And what if she tells .  Fran trusts her.  Who?  Andrea. I mean, they're close.  That doesn't mean anything out here, Dawn.  I think for sure corand i know Andrea are tight.  You're skeptical, too, i'm guessing.  Yeah.  And so is Erik.  Dawn you're not going home. I don't trust Andrea at all. She'll be talking to  one person one second, talking to another person the next. Strategy,  strategy. She's strategic, dude. She's aware. I'm more intimidated by Andrea  than anybody else out there. I think fran has the fence on Andrea. I don't  know Andrea well. If she's nervous about it, then do it.  I just got a bad vibe from her, too.  That's what Brenda said.  No, God no.  I need to talk to her.  Let's talk.  You talk to fran.  Brandon and me just got a really weird vibe from Andrea, and we think she's  playing both sides. And that she's telling everybody everything and so we  just wanted the switch the five of you, you, Brenda, and Dawn and not tell  anybody. Andrea and cock rain think we're splitting the vote because they  could have told everybody that we're splitting the vote.  I trust Cochran.  You trust Cochran?  Yeah.  Do you trust Andrea?  No.  I don't trust her at all, either.  Not 100%.  Erik and Brandon said they wanted to vote for Andrea.  It's not anything against her, it's just that she is so freaking smart, dude.   Okay, that's fine.  And i'm just, like, i mean, at this point, we're leaving for tribal council.  I have no time to try to get to the bottom of this. If that's what they want  to do, then know-- i mean, the only reason they came up with that plan is  because i just didn't want us to get totally screwed, and now we might--  that's exactly what might happen. If it's me, i'm going to be pissed. I'm going  to drown myself in the ocean.  Oh, no!  You know, in a way i want to vote off somebody like Francesca. There's this  kind of emotional aspect. You can say you want to play the most strategic,  cold-blood game in the world. But emotions do enter into the equation. There  is a part of me that likes her. It seems imhumane. I have morals. I have a  sense of shame.  Jeff: Behind each of you is a torch. Go ahead and grab a torch, approach a  flame, dip it in and get fire. This is part of the ritual of tribal council,  because, as you guys know, fire represents your life. When your fire is gone,  so are you. And that is going to be the case for one of you tonight. Brandon,  is somebody running this tribe or when you have 10 favorites is there really  no boss?  You know, we're all kind of chiefs. There's no indians here. Everybody is,  like, their own person. Nobody is it going to get done like they were done  the last time.  Jeff: Oh, somebody is, tonight. ( laughter ).  Well, now that you put it that way. ...  Jeff: So, fran chesk athere's a couple of you guys that played together. And  you Phillip were famous because of your rivalry between each other. And then  for the way Phillip would call you fran-chesk-qwa.  And it's never good to see someone you had an infamous fight with. It's good  that he learned how to pronounce my name.  Francesca, Francesca, fran comeska. You're welcome.  Jeff: Did you work on saying ther name?  No, actually, i could in fact say her name before but during the course of  that tribal council, there were certain things that were said, and rather  than use an explikative, i decided to say flan-ches-kwa.  Jeff: Phillip, how was it for you to see Francesca?  Somewhat apprehensive. Some of the same things that occurred in our season,  she was very strategic early on in the game when she didn't necessarily need  to be so i was concerned about that.  Jeff: Francesca, Phillip's comment brings up an interesting point for you.  You are back for a second season. But you don't have that much experience.  You were the first person voted off.  You keep bringing that up, jeff. It's like you're saying i'm bad at  "survivor."  jeff: No, i you said that.  That guy is good.  Jeff: All i said its you don't have that much experience.  On the one hand you can look at it that way. But everybody here is so smart  and knows what they're doing nobody feels super secure. I have no idea what's  going to happen tonight. Plans were changing. People were getting paranoid. I  mean, i got paranoid. And what's the paranoia starts it's definitely like a  snowball effect.  I wanted to add, jeff, some sometimes paranoia start when you hear that some  people suggest it's you.  Jeff: Have you heard your name tossed around jai heard my name tossed around.   Jeff: Already?  Already.  We were all paranoid.  I think everyone here. You hear one little comment, and you can just freak  out. If you tell the wrong thing to the wrong person and all of a sudden it  gets back to you, and then maybe you will go out.  Jeff: Andrea, what do you think the sake it on you from the other nine.  I think they see i bring it to challenges and i do work around camp but i'm  not going to feel comfortable in this game at all. My mistake last time i  played was i got comfortable. And even sometimes working dismard being  strategic or working around camp it doesn't really mean anything.  Jeff: Cochran, one of the things about playing with experienced players, game  is so much faster. Things can happen at tribal council. You can have a plan  in place, and suddenly, hear somebody say something and go, "ah, we  gotta change things up. Of.  Absolutely. We've seen that happen before. We saw boston rob reach out his  hand and touch the shoulder of the person he wanted voted off. There's  precedent for this. Especially any a group of returning players, there are  circles within circeps and strategies and backup plans and that's the  excitement of returning players. We're not spending the first three days, oh,  my God. I have to go to a bathroom and i have to open a coconut. What is  going on? It's exciting.  Jeff: Well, somebody is about to be the first person voted out of "fans  versus favorites." it is time to vote. Brandon, you're up.  This is a vote out of paranoia, but just because you're paranoid doesn't mean  someone isn't out to get you.  You're going to be so upset with me. But you're getting voted out again first  because you are a huge threat.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play tnow would be the time to do so. All right, once the votes are  read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Andrea.  Andrea. Three votes Andrea. Francesca. Two votes Francesca. That's three  votes Francesca, three votes Andrea. Andrea. That's four votes Andrea.  Francesca. We're tied. Four votes Andrea, four votes Francesca. Francesca.  That's five votes Francesca, four votes Andrea. One vote left. First person  voted out of "survivor: Fans versus favorites," Francesca. You need  to bring me your torch.  Thank you, guys.  Jeff: Fran chesk athe tribe has spoken.  Again.  Jeff: Time for you to go. Well, you are only three days in, but your biggest  problem is there's a group of fans who know they can beat you. And they're  going to be looking to do it again soon. Grab your torches. Head back to  camp. Good night.  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "survivor": Brandon sees his life in the game  coming to an end.  We're getting voted out. I'm feeling a little revengeful.  Jeff: And resurrects the hans family reign of terror.  I'm thinking of going russell hantz style. I want to go out with a bang.  Captioning brought to you by survivor productions, cbs, captioned by media  access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  i cannot believe i got vote the out first again. I'm not going to, like, cry  about it, but i did make "survivor" history and the good thing  about being voted out first again siknow how to deal with being voted out  first and, you know, i guess i'm not cut out for "survivor." it's  over. It's done. I'm no longer rooting for the favorite. Now i'm rooting for  the fans.