<br/>Survivor is the world's biggest reality competition. And it's been played by  some of the biggest personalities on television.  Jeff, i'm a former special agent.  Are you a crazy person.  Some are heroes. Some are villains.  You're not going screw me or there will be consequences.  Some are underdogs.  I want to have control.  And this season 10 of them came back to prove they finally have what it takes  to win the million dollars.  The game of the season is people that make big mistakes.  This is a chance to correct those mistakes.  Jeff: The standing between them and the prize were 10 new superfans. Welcome  to Survivor "fans vs. Favorites" 2. [applause]  jeff: And right off the bat it was clear the fans had no intention of backing  down.  I'm definitely here to win the game.  Fans need one more. Fans win first immunity challenge! At the favorites camp.   It's great to be here as a specialist.  Phillip put together an unbreakable alliance called stealth "r" us.   The eliminater, the dominatrix, and true grit.  Jeff: And stealth ru went right to work. The new Francesca home first.  Francesca, for her second time in a row.  The tribe las spoken.  Again.  Jeff: At the fans camp Eddie and Reynold assembled the cool kid as lines.  Everybody at the-- i don't anybody else will be at our table.  Jeff: They quickly found out this wasn't high school this was Survivor.  I was picked again.  Jeff: Sherri assembled a majority alliance breaking up the cool kids.  The hope the tribe has spoken.  Jeff: Leaving ed year and Reynold stuck on the bottom.  Revenge of the nerds.  Jeff: Fortunately for them, there was a bigger target,.  Shut up. Stop talking. You just said i wasn't the only one who said it.  You can try to make it a deep dark story as much as you want but Shamar is a  big baby when it comes down to it.  Jeff: But before his tribe could vote him out.  What's going on?  Scratched my eyeball.  Jeff: An eye injury took him from the game.  I did my best, it's just a lot of pain right now.  Jeff: The favorites have a distraction of their own. Brandon.  I will pee in the rice, in the bean, i will burn the shell ter to the ground.  He suffered one of the biggest meltdowns in Survivor history.  He saw his game come to an end at an impromptu tribal council.  Jeff: 6th person voted out of this game Brandon hasn't. -- hantz. When the  two tribes merged Phillip stealth "r" us had a plan to continue  their dominance.  Laying in bed tonight, pretend you are-- around, that is what i do.  Jeff: It was called the boston rob rules.  Rule one would be do you have an alliance. Br rule two, get than alliance  within the alliance.  -- Dawn and me. Br rule three, get rid of your alliance before it gets rid of  you.  Jeff: The tribe has spoken. But what the br rules couldn't account for was  one of the biggest moves ever made in 26 seasons of Survivor.  This is the other immunity idol si have been hanging on to. I'm giving it to Eddie.  The three of us are voting for Phillip.  Jeff: The three amigos played two hidden immunity idols and flipped game on  its head voting out Phillip the leader of stealth "r" us.  Jeff: Phillip, the to be rehas spoken. With Phillip gone the a jority began  to turn on each other.  I think today is the beginning of the end for the alliance of six.  Jeff: But Cochran and Dawn stayed loyal to each other. They pulled in Sherri  and worked together at controlling the remainder of the votes taking out  their biggest threats one after another.  The tribe has spoken.  Jeff: With the end in sight, everyone began falling part.  How can we live off of water.  Jeff: Erik considered pulling himself from the game.  These days are killing me. They are absolutely killing me. I have to have  food. I'm miserable here. I'm trying to defeat myself at this point.  I'm so hungry.  Jeff: Eddie was left alone to fend for himself after losing all his Allies.  I feel clearly on the out. I haven't felt safe from day one.  Jeff: And Dawn suffered an emotional breakdown.  I lost my bottom teeth and i have a retain their has my teeth on them. I will  pull myself from the game, i'm not kidding.  Jeff: Setting the game aside, brendon came to her rescue.  Oh my God, there they are.  Jeff: But that moment of kindness didn't stop Dawn from taking out one last  threat.  Brenda.  I knew.  Jeff: You need to bring me your torch. The tribe has spoken.  It hurts.  Jeff: After 36 days in the caramoan islands only five are left. Three  favorites, two fans.  Well, you've made it to the final five. You have three days left in this  game. And if the first 36 are any indication, it's going to be a crazy  finish. This fan turned favorite made one of the most mistake its first time  he played.  I want to give immunity to-- will he redeem himself.  I feel sick to my stomach thinking about the last time i played the game. I'm  to the going to let the same mistake take me down again.  Jeff: Sherri, the only fan to successfully infiltrate stealth "r"  us.  It's important that i assign you a name, tenacity.  I gave up so much time with my family to come out here. I mean i have to win.  They totally underestimated me.  Jeff: Eddie, a target since day one has charmed his way through the game.  I vote for you in the top three.  Yeah.  I like you.  Jeff: Will it be enough?  As a firefighter, i'm a thorn, i still have a lot of moves. I will keep going  no Matter what.  Jeff: Cochran, the Survivor nerd has transformed into an all-around threat.  Eddie is out. Kotion ral -- -- Cochran pulls it out.  Jeff: Will he continue to dominate challenges and the game.  I have been watching Survivor with my parents for 13 years. I need to win  this game and i'm willing to go to any length to match that tight-- snatch  that title.  Jeff: Dawn, she has battled her emotions to get this far. Will her heart get  in the way of the million dollar prize?  I'm here to win the million dollars. I've got six kids that are riding on it.  So i don't feel like it's time to apologize.  Jeff: Who will it be? A fan or a favorite? It all comes to an end tonight.  Find out who will claim the million dollar prize and the million dollar prize  and the title of sole Survivor. Title of sole Survivor.  What's going on?  As Brenda left tribal council i looked at Erik and it looked to me like he  was actually holding his head. So i thought he's done by the vote. Because he  wasn't aware of it.  Everything is spinning.  Hey, guys.  What's going on, Erik? You guys just left tribal a few minutes ago.  Right. In the middle of tribal i started to spin and i didn't even notice it  until it was like halfway through.  When i looked at Erik i saw somebody that was very dazed and looks  disoriented and just kind of out of it. He was swirling his hands around his  head. I feel bad for him. I know he is a superfan like i am.  Everything is spinning like right now.  Jeff: Okay.  I need to lay down.  Jeff: We have dr. Joe here, joe, come on in up.  Try to ep.  It turns out as we were leaving tribal council, eric-- Erik had fainting or  dizzy spells and jeff immediately came up and that's when i realized this is  serious. It's not a Matter of hey, Erik just needs some breathing space.  We're just going to take your blood pressure.  Jeff: So joe, tell me what you are immediately concerned about when he is 36  days into this game and feeling light-headed.  I'm concerned that he's in a starvation state. I am concerned that he has  been pushing his body so hard and his body compensates, that's what they do.  But they reach a certain point where they can't compensate any more. The fact  that he has been dizzy and is almost passed out makes me think there is not  enough blood going to his head. His pulse is very slow here. That's  concerning.  Jeff: And Erik, how are you feeling in this moment? Clearly you are  uncomfortable right now. But do you feel like you could even stand up.  I'm just dizzy. It's spinning, everything is spinning.  Jeff: So what is the treatment, dr. Joe, what do we do?  We need to put intravenous line into his arm.  Jeff: Can we start that now.  We can start that right now.  Jeff: Let's start it.  What does the fluid do.  It is basically so you so dehydrated and mall nourished that this is going to  pump a bunch of saline and other things through your body. It will cool you  down and make you feel a lot better.  I love that we have an emt here who is your friend who can tell you what dr.  Joe is doing while he's doing it.  Did we get a blood pressure.  100 over 70, so that's quite low for someone his age.  Jeff: How are you feeling right now? Do you feel like if you sat here a  little longer you would be okay and be able to head back to camp.  I wish i could.  Jeff: But jo wright now if Erik said to you, i don't care, i have come too  far, i'm going back to camp, would you say yes that's okay, or no, you're to  the going.  Right now he's going down. And i don't want him to go any further. I  understand the risks and rewards of this game but in this case, no, you're  not going.  Jeff: Dr. Joe, you've officially pulled Erik from the game. Brother, after 36  days in your second time playing, your second time, you started as a fan, you  ended up as a favorite, you're not going to finish this one either.  Okay.  Jeff: So we're now down to four. This game just got rocked again.  It's thrown me for a loop. All the plans are gone now. My focus is on Erik. I  don't even-- i don't know what tomorrow is going to bring. I thought a few  minutes ago i knew what tomorrow was going to bring. Now i have no idea. So i  think this is a good opportunity for you guys to take a moment and say  good-bye. Because you have to get back to camp. Because you still have three  days left in this game.  Erik, good luck.  You're going to be okay. Everything is going to work out for you.  I didn't think you can do this game but you can do this game.  Thank you. Oh, i love you. I'm going to miss you so much.  Cochran, last words?  I didn't come out here to make friends, i certainly made a friend in you. I  wouldn't have wanted to do this show with anyone else.  So proud of you, Erik.  You are a challenge monster now. Take up the reigns.  Yeah.  Here's your bag, Erik.  Jeff: Head out. Well, in what has been a completely unpredictable season,  this is another first. We still have three days left in this game. You guys  now have a one in four shot at winning Survivor. I know it's not a pleasant  thought given that it comes on the heels of Erik leaving, but it's the  reality. Su have three days. Sounds like are you low on food. You better  figure something out. There's if no relief coming. You're going to earn it,  whoever makes it to the end is going to deserve it. Grab your stuff, find  your torches, head back to camp. The game continues. All right, guys, good  night.  Thanks, jeff.  Eric-- Erik is gone. There are four of us now. This opens the door hugely for  me to sneak in there and make a play for the win.  Tonight i thought i was going home and i feel like i could win this million  dollar prize. This definitely could be my this definitely could be my game  for the taking. Game for the taking.  Talk about crazy.  I'm in shock that Erik's gone.  Tribal council was tough. We voted out Brenda. Then to have Erik leave, we're  saying gosh, that's kind heavy. It's a reminder how unpredictable the game  is. But i'm still in it, and not only was it a one in five chance but now a  one in four chance at a million.  I feel really bad for Erik.  He was starving. And yet he had those rewards. So it just still wasn't  enough.  Even on every reward, too, every single one.  I know.  I'm just as starving. I'm so hungry.  We all get back to camp kind of exchange a few sad pleasantries about the  state of affairs. And i'm already thinking about the game. A little bit more  pumped than ever that now i'm in the final four. And my first thought is i  have to be the first person to get to Eddie. Eddie is somebody that i haven't  really bonded with that closely but i need to get into his good graces. Since  he's probably the guy most likely to win the next community challenge and  therefore to be in a position of power to determine who goes to the final  three.  What you thinking about, man?  About pleading our case.  What are you?  I don't know, man. I think you look at it, you can probably bring Sherri.  You want to try to run with that, with Sherri?  Yeah.  Going to the end now, it's two fans, two favorites. The way i'm going to try  to make it go is we vote out Dawn next. Sherri comes in third, Cochran comes in  second and i come in first and i win the million dollar prize.  Our tree mail is here.  Open it up.  Little box.  Okay.  Is this game stressing you out, causing toulouse sleep. To gain an extra  competitive edge you have to dig deep.  Yes, yes, yes!  Yes!  Oh, yes.  I'm so glad.  So awesome. Thank God.  Awesome.  Right now most everyone's heads are still kind of swirling. Everyone is still  a little unsettled this morning. And i wanted to appreciate that i got myself  to here. And it's almost the end. It's day 37. I'll be so relieved to have my  brain back.  Because you've lost part of it out here.  It's a big deal especially for someone like me whose's played before and  really made zero strategic moves.  I woke up this morning and thought you made all these decisions and you got  yourself to final four. And all you have to do now is play your guts out at  the challenges.  It's almost you can do to keep it together.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! You guys ready to get to your reward challenge?  Yeah.  Jeff: For today's challenge, with one hand you will steady a balancing board  while simultaneously building a house of cards with the other hand. The first  person to build their house of cards high enough to reach the finish mark  wins reward. Want to know what you are playing for?  Yes.  Jeff: You survived 37 days. You made it to the final four. In order to have a  shot at winning had this game you have to make it to the final three. Winner  of today's challenge will have a huge advantage in your final immunity  challenge. So you win this challenge, you get this advantage, you win  tomorrow's immunity challenge, you are in the final tribal council.  I thought it was going to be just a regular reward challenge, something great  to eat. But it is an advantage in the time four. That's huge in this game.  Jeff: This challenge right here could be your million dollar challenge. Take  your spots. We'll get started. All right. Here we go. Your final reward  challenge. Win this, you have an advantage in your final immunity challenge.  Survivors, ready. Go.  Big learning curve out of the gate. What's the best approach to build a solid  foundation that can withstand a house of cards high enough to reach that red  line. Sherri off to a quick start. Cochran right behind. Dawn getting  something going. Eddie bringing up the rear. But lots of things can happen in  this challenge. The higher it gets, the more precarious it gets. Do not panic  if you feel you're behind. Chances are, that person in the lead will run into  trouble. And that's how quickly it can tumble. Cochran with one slight move  and his whole stack came down opening the door now for Dawn whose's in the  lead. With Sherri right behind. And it happened to Sherri. Sherri is now  starting over. It is all Dawn and Eddie right now. This is how this challenge  goes. Just keep working on yours. Don't worry about anybody else. Eddie has  been very slow but very steady. It's paying off. It's right behind Dawn.  Cochran barely makes a move and drops his stack. Dawn is doing a nice job.  Dawn getting very close to the top. Cochran trying to rebuild. Sherri trying  to rebuild. Eddie starting to gain on Dawn. Dawn's very, very close. Going to  take a very light touch. Which she might have but no, Dawn loses her entire  stack. She was one card away from the top. Now it's Eddie in the lead with Cochran  trying to rebuild. Sherri is starting to gain on Eddie. Eddie now starting  over. Sherri now in the lead. This is why you cannot panic or get frustrated.  It could happen again. Cochran drops his stack again. It's Dawn and Eddie  trying to catch Sherri. Sherri has not won an individual challenge yet. This  would be a great one to win. Giving you an advance in the final immunity  challenge. That could be the difference that sends you to the end. Sherri  loses half of her stack. Opening the door for Dawn now whose's now back in  the lead. And Dawn loses her stack. Eddie now in the lead with Cochran trying  to catch Eddie. Back and forth, back and forth it is Eddie, right behind him  is Sherri. And coming up is Cochran. Eddie getting closer. He only has four cards  left. Will it be enough to reach the top? Eddie loses half his stack, opening  the door for Sherri again. Right now it is Sherri and Cochran. Sherri with a  bit of a lead. Cochran right behind. Eddie trying to stay in it. Dawn's  starting over. Sherri getting closer. Can she keep it steady? This is the  closest she's been. Cochran now right there. It is Cochran and Sherri, very  close. We are dead even. Right now both are at the same spot. Both placing  another card. Sherri with another card. Cochran with another card. Sherri  hanging on, barely. Sherri loses her entire stack. Opening the door for Cochran.  Es has one card away. It would be his third individual challenge win. Cochran  wins advantage in the final immunity challenge!  Awesome. Good job.  Jeff: Cochran, come on over.  Good job, Cochran.  Jeff: Your third individual challenge win. This is an advantage for  tomorrow's final immunity challenge. This could be a million dollar reward  right here. Keep it sealed until the challenge. Congrats. Grab your stuff, head  back to camp. See you guys tomorrow for your final immunity challenge.  Cochran won is so i'm trying to keep perspective. But i keep thinking you're  not guaranteed anything. So really what's it will come down to is who wins  immunity. If you don't win immunity yourself, you're immediately yourself,  you're immediately on the chopping block. On the chopping block.  Yeah to go, Cochran.  You earned that.  My great challenge streak which was temporarily on hold has come roaring  back. I stacked a house of cards better than any of my opponents and won not  only the thrill of being another victor in another challenge, but an  advantage in the upcoming final immunity challenge. So i am the challenge  beast.  That was awesome. Good job.  Third immunity-- i mean third win.  Yeah.  This could be a million dollar advantage. So wing the advantage was huge. Not  only because it potentially could help me but because i kept it out of the  hands of some people i don't want to have have it. I was scared that Eddie  might get the advantage. I wouldn't want Dawn to have it in case i decided i  wanted her to have it instead is so it is in the right hands, and capable  hands. And i'll see what happens.  I would much rather be standing beside you than Dawn.  No, we have to.  I know.  If it's the final three i would want to sit next to Cochran and Eddie-- Eddie.  Dawn has played the sympathy card in this game like no other. The whole  mother and six children and adoption and crying. And all that stuff that  would help Dawn win the game.  Dawn is going to win, i think she is number one to win all the jury votes.  Uh-huh.  Hello. Yeah. I'm not sitting next to that. She's too powerful. Huh-uh.  Nothing new, huh?  I'm locked.  I am 100% locked to youment i won't lie though, i'm nervous about how it is  going to end.  I mean Sherri is in.  How come she-- everybody knows --  maybe she's trying to --  i think for today i just don't want to feel like there is so much breaking  away to add and sight-- anxiety.  Every day i get to see a new freakout from Dawn. There is the over the top  weeping, soning, flailing of arms, actually being left alone. Fortunately  today Dawn was leaning more towards the catatonic breakdown. And a lot of it  had to do with the sudden influx of paranoia that she's having that what if Eddie  and Sherri take her out.  If you are's worried that they are talking about you right now, than --  yeah.  The longer that i'm out here the harder it's been for me just mentally to  stay positive. And to not shall paranoid. I mean every day for me there's  some moment where i am exhausted and i'm like-- i'm like a baby stomping my  feet.  It's the same way for you, right.  There's absolutely no scenario, none. I mean you feel like that please don't  start doubting --  no, it's just like how i always say we're a lock, we're a lock.  Absolutely, to the very end. I was actually when we were coming over here, i  was like i wish Cochran would just spend 20 minutes and reassure me because i  feel --  that's what i am saying now.  Because i feel vulnerable, you know.  Dawn feels like she automatically deserves a fast pass to the finals. Why,  exactly? I don't know. Every day is a roller coaster with her. And it's not  fun. It's not funny. On day 37 she should be paranoid because i am paranoid  because i am considering ditching her. Considering ditching her.  All right.  Oh my God.  One last chance to control your destiny. You'll wait for some men in a boat.  Your final challenge and then tonight your very last.  You'll wait for some men in a boat. Love it. Way to go, guys.  We received tree mail today letting us know today is the day of our final  immunity challenge. But in addition to that it is the famous Survivorrights  of passage. Somethingive's been looking forward to, hoping i would get to see  this moment in the game. It's kind of a nostalgic moment where you get to  reflect on the past 38 days and look forward to the day ahead of us.  She kind of made Survivor history for maybe not the best reasons but she  wasn't voted off first this time because she was a bad player, she was voted  off because she was a huge threat.  Yeah, that was not a woman i wanted to go against.  My Survivor experience the second time around was definitely disappointing. I  feel a little honored that my fellow tribe mates thought that i was such a  threat that they had to take me out first to wichblt i was the least  successful of all of them at this game. I definitely saw the humor of the  situation because it is pretty funny. I guess si have a lot of potential at Survivor,  which is going to remain unrealized.  Allie, who exactly was Allie, which of three blonds was she.  I always came into this thinking, you know, it's the money, i'll do anything  i can for the money. And you really learn quickly that it's not all about the  money. I would say my best moment would just be meeting hope, Eddie and Reynolds.  I would say it probably cost me the game being friends with them but i feel  like i will be friends with them for life.  Hope.  Eddie's first sweetheart.  My first Survivor love. My first love ever.  Oh man.  My Survivor experience was the most incredible, once in a lifetime  opportunity i've ever had. And i would do it again in a heartbeat, without Eddie.   Shamar, my brother from another mother.  He just really, he was misunderstood in this game.  Survivor say tough game. I'm a strong guy and it takes a lot to bring me  down. Being medically pulled from the game t was like man this is hard-core.  I've never really felt that much pain.  Laura.  What would i want right now if i could have anything. It's not the food, it's  not the water, it's really the people back home that you love. I definitely  think that i came out of this game appreciating those people a lot more.  Brandon.  Oh, Brandon is a challenge beast. I think there was a point in its game where  his personal life got too difficult to manage with the game.  I was giving it everything i got. I played for a million dollars out there  and when i knew i couldn't have it, i just wanted to starve some folks. I  made it rain with them. I don't regret none of it because i proved my point.  I made my statement. I was the author of my elimination.  Matt, Matt, Matt.  Survivor is one of the hardest games that you could ever play. It was  definitely one of the hardest things that i've ever done. I just feel like  i'm a way stronger man because of this experience.  Julia.  One of the biggest lessons i've learned is for me going forward trying to  make it as a race car driver. I'm going to have to be much more ruthless and  a grelsive in getting what i want.  Coreven.  Really strategic, supercharismatic, so much energy.  I was going to flip for a gay andthrough hotties that is corrine handbook  101, in this game you have to take risks and sometimes they don't pan out.  The thing i'm most proud of is i'm exactly who i think i am, maybe even  worse.  Oh, Michael.  Coming out here as a fan, i wanted to do it all. I did play hard. I did all  of the things that i wanted to do. I'm proud of my game. You know, dreams do  come true.  Phillip, the specialist, the creator of stealth "r" us. He was a  powerhouse. I mean he was an eccentric guy but de know this game. Playing  with boston rock did show him some rules. I'm grad to have played with him  and been under his tutelage.  Happy to have played with him.  It was very surreal.  In the pink underwear.  Coming into this, i wanted to put together a strategy, still incorporating  some of the principleses of stealth "r" us to put on full display  my ability to grasp and learn something from a true master of the game,  boston rob. And i'm hoping that my legacy is no, he's not the crazy guy, Phillip  is truly an interesting person.  Malcolm, challenge beast. I really believe he was the biggest threat to win  the game.  Doing two seasons back-to-back was intense to say the least. The second time  i swung for the fences, yeah i crashed and burned on the way but having done  it twice and not won. There is still a part of me that needs to be back out  here to get the job done.  Oh, Reynold, Reynold, Reynold, my best friend in the whole game.  I'm thrilled to have met him and worked with him out here.  As a fan playing against favorites i think i was a little bit in over my head  there are some clever, cunning people out there and you always need to keep  your guard up. I was just never able to get there.  Andrea is charming, beautiful, i think most importantly really, really smart.   The time i wanted to come in playing more aggressive and i did. So going home  with an idol in my pocket was definitely the low point of my game. It's not a  good feeling to think that you could have made it to the end.  Brenda.  I think one of the strongest players physically, spiritually, emotionally and  psychologically too.  My Survivor experience really connected me to being a better person, being  grateful for my family. I feel like the game isn't that black and white.  Maybe you can make real, strong connections out here and be motivated to keep  those connections. I'm very proud of what i did. And i wouldn't change a  thing.  Erik, i know he's excited to start the next chapter in his life but i'll be  honest and tell you i think he was going to be final three. Love you, Erik.  Tough break.  This time on Survivor as a favorite is more difficult. I was sick to my  stomach the whole game but i made it into fifth place which is where i made  it last time. And then this horrible medical thing comes around. I don't  know. Just fate.  The rites of passage. God this is like a dream come true. You know are you at  the end when you are saying good-bye to all the tribe members. It's awesome.  Judging by the last advantage Cochran is going to be two-steps ahead of  everybody going into the last challenge.  I am a little nervous about that. But if it's physical, you can guarantee i  will knock anybody out of my way to win this challenge tonight. I'm not going  to give up on i'm not going to give up on anything. Anything.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! This is your final immunity challenge. Ready to get  to it?  Yes.  Yeah.  Jeff: Give it up, Dawn, are you safe no more.  Okay. Cochran has the advantage because he won the reward challenge  yesterday. So if he wins immunity i hope Cochran remembers that we're still  trusting each other and saying let's stay locked and get us close to the end.   Jeff: For the last time, i plunity is-- immunity is up for grabs. Today's  challenge will take everything you have left in your tank both physically and  mentally. On my go you will race up a three story to we untie a bag of puzzle  pieces, launch yourself down a slide, drop your bag, head up to get your next  bag. Once you have collected all three bags, will you use the pieces to build  a puzzle. First person to finish wince immunity, guarantees themselves a spot  at the final tribal council where you will get a chance to plead your case to  the jury about why you deserve the million dollars and the title of sole Survivor.  Losers after 38 days somebody's Survivor adventure will come one day short.  Cochran, at the last challenge you won a reward in this challenge. Open the  note, read it.  Your advantage in today's challenge is you will not have to untie your bags  of puzzle pieces saving you a significant amount of time.  Jeff: So let me explain. Everybody is going to raips. When you get to your  bag it will be waiting there for you, you can head back down. Everybody else  is going to have to stop and go through a series of knots. Should give you a  pretty decent advantage in this challenge.  Okay.  Jeff: We're going to draw for spots. We'll get to it. Here we go. For  immunity, and a guaranteed spot at the final tribal council, huge stake.  Survivors ready. Go! Cochrans efforts at the last challenge gives him a huge  advantage in this one and you can see it paying off already. Cochran up  quickly and down while everybody else is working on the knots. Cochran  heading up for his second bag. Everybody else still working on the knots on  their first bag. Dawn has her first bag, she's heading down. Eddie has his.  Big hit by Eddie. Cochran already down with his second bag. Huge advantage  paying off. Sherri down with her first bag. She takes a big hit. Cochran  heading up for his third and final bag, Eddie working on his second bag. Dawn  working on her second bag. Cochran to the top has his third bag. He's heading  down. Sherri now working on her second bag. Cochran flying down that slide.  He's got all three bags. He can start working on his puzzle. Here comes Dawn  and Eddie both with their second bag. Eddie wants to deal with the big hit.  Heading up for her third bag. Sherri still work on the knots. She's got them.  Sherri has her secretary bag. She's heading down. Cochran already unloading  puzzle pieces. Big advantage, don't squander it. Sherri now heading down the  slide. Cochran has all his pieces out. Can start working on the puzzle. Eddie  an Dawn work on that third and final bag of puzzle pieces. You see Dawn's  breathing from here, exhausted. Everybody giving everything they have. Keep  moving. Eddie and Dawn now heading down with their third bag. Sherri reaches  the top. She's working on her third bag. Cochran is already starting to work  on his puzzle. Eddie for the third time a big hit when he lands. Dawn is  exhausted but has all three bags. It is Dawn, Cochran and Eddie. Sherri still  working on that third bag. Sherri with her third and final bag. You are  building a puzzle in the shape of a fire. Sherri finally down with her third  bag.stumbles to the end. Cochran working on that puzzle but he doesn't have  any pieces in place yet. Down has all of her puzzle pieces out and is  starting to work on her puzzle. Cochran had a huge lead but it's starting to  evaporate. Dawn has her first piece. Ed year work on his third bag. He's  ready to get in there. That advantage didn't seem to pay off. Dawn with her  second piece. Cochran had a big advantage getting down here, unable to do  anything with it. And Dawn is right back in this challenge. Dawn with her  third piece. Eddie still looking for that first piece. Sherri has her first piece.  Sherri is now in on it. Dawn with another piece. She's at four now. Sherri  has her second piece. Cochran with his first piece. We started this game with  "fans vs. Favorites". We're down to four. Two favorites left, two  fans left. Somebody is going to win a million dollars and it starts right  here. Cochran with his second piece. Sherri at three. Dawn with another  piece. Dawn at five. Eddie still nothing. Cochran starting to figure it out.  Dawn has five pieces in this puzzle. Cochran has four.  Five now jeff.  Cochran with his fifth.  Thanks for the heads up. Sherri with another piece. She's getting in on this  now. Cochran adds another piece, starting to pull ahead now. Cochran maybe  the least likely person to dominate the challenges to be his fourth individual  win if he can win. And Dawn just gave up the immunity necklace. Nothing more  she would like than to put it right back on again. Cochran now at 8. Eddie  frustrated but not giving up. Sherri with another piece. Sherri at six now.  Dawn with her set of piece starting to gain on Cochran again.  Oh yeah.  Eddie gets his first piece. Eddie is in on this now. Now you know how it  works. Nobody giving up. Too much at stake. Keep working.  Got a piece.  What is this. Eddie with another piece. He's at two. Cochran with another  piece. Cochran now pulling ahead again. With another piece. Dawn and Sherri  need to pick it up. Cochran has six pieces left. Cochran with another one.  He's down to five pieces. Dawn and Sherri falling out of it. Eddie has been  out of it. Cochran with three pieces left. This would be his fourth  individual win. Cochran down to his last piece. Cochran wins.  Oh my gosh.  Final immunity is guaranteed a spot in the final tribal council.  Oh my gosh! Oh my gosh!  Oh pie gosh!  Jeff: Cochran, come on over.  You so earned that. It's crazy.  Jeff: Cochran with his third individual immunity win, fourth individual  challenge win. Are you in a very elite group right now.  I told you i should be among the marianas, now mi doing it, right.  Jeff: This goes back to day one, the first time you played when you first  said please call my Cochran.  I thought hi proven last time but i wasn't aware of what i could-- .  Jeff: You are guaranteed a spot at the final tribal counselity. Will you get  a chance to plead your case for a million dollars and why you deserve the  title of seoul Survivor. Congrats.  Thank you.  Jeff: As for the rest of you, Dawn, Sherri, Eddie, tonight somebody is going  to come one day short of reaches their goal. Grab your stuff, head back to  camp. I'll see you tonight at tribal. Congrats.  Thank you.  I can't believe it.  It couldn't have gone any better. And i'm actually in a position of power. I  mean Sherri wants to work with me, Eddie wants to work with me, and Dawn  wants to work with me. And i have my pick of the litter. So there is a dill  be my shoulder saying man, i think i'm going to get rid of i'm going to get  rid of Dawn. Dawn.  Cochran that was incredible. That puzzle was hard.  Yeah. I didn't-- i'm still a little bit in disbelief.  I, Cochran, have won four individual challenges. So right now i'm thinking  okay, i got the million. The big question now is who deserves $1 lunn,000 in  second place.  How are you feeling? &gt;&gt;.  I don't think it's fully set in yet. I mean this is 13 years.  I know, believe me, i know.  It's to the going to be Sherri. Sherri might be able to squeak out one vote  but she's not going to get enough to get second place. So now it is about to  i want to bring Dawn and constant emotional outbursts or Eddie a chauvinistic  23-year-old idiot.  It was just like an epic Survivor day.  The balance for second place is heated. I can't wait to see what happens.  It's so lonely at the top. It's horrible for me to say.  Crazy, Cochran.  That was so-- i mean it really is emotional.  It's just so much. I mean so much compared to last season. It's so different.  It's like completely different, you know.  I mean what do we do-- what is your plan your last night.  I do fully trust Cochran. And i feel like i'm my own worst enemy. That i'm  like beating myself up if i don't make the next step. There is a part of me  that doesn't feel like i deserve to do good.  What do you think, man.  I don't know if it will be you or Dawn for tonight.  Only one of us can go.  I know.  I think it will definitely be me more than Dawn. Dawn is going play the  mother card, and start crying and people will --  do you think people will buy the mother card.  Absolutely.  I knew it would be me or Dawn today.  I really do think i have the best chance to win this to get in the final  three so i am trying to convince Cochran on a logical level, not emotional or  bullying sense into bring me into the final three.  The jury loves everything you say.  It's because i'm an idiot. What i do talk about. I don't talk about strategy.  I haven't pissed anybody off but on the opposite is i only voted one person  off so how strategic have i been.  I'm trying to reason with Cochran to get him to take me fismt do win the  million dollar prize i want to open like a dog kind of like shelter, kennel,  play pen area, like attached to a bar. So like those are my two favorite  things. I like dogs and i like bars p if i could open a bar and you bring  your dog there it would be unbelievable.  I-- played such a good game.  It is a tough decision.  That's the end of the game for you. I have to figure out who is less of a  threat in terms of me bringing the million dollars and title. I know scherr  li go to the end, and i can beat her. The biggest question mark is request i  beat Eddie or can i beat Dawn. They're both people that bring a lot of pros  and cons to the table.  I hope i don't talk myself out of the decision.  Jeff: We now bring in the members of our jury. Mike, Phillip, Malcolm, Reynold,  Andrea, Brenda and Erik who was pulled from the game for medical reasons but  returns as a member of the jury. So a lot has happened since the last tribal  council. Moments after tribal ended Cochran, what happened?  Lit reallyly within minutes after leaving tribal council Erik started walking  unsteadily and the next thing i knew he was kind of passed out on this rock.  And it was a scary reminder of even how late in the game something  devastating can happen. I think we were all in shock.  Jeff: Eddie, did it open a door for you in a way because Erik is a competitor  and he's gone and looking at these three, maybe i got a shot.  It definitely started things up a bitment because i think was Erik, Dawn and Sherri  who were the planned final three. So i did have a little bit of room to cause  comention.  Jeff: Cochran, i didn't hear your name in that final three.  Yeah, it is alarming. It is probably a good thing that Erik wasn't there  because that was somebody keeping me out of the potential final three. It was  the circumstances that he went that made it hard to celebrate.  Jeff: Talk about the two challenges that happened. First the reward is an  advantage in the immunity challenge. Cochran wins. His third individual  challenge. He can't even resist. You just feel so good, right.  It's bizarre to me because you know you look at the Survivor, outwit,  outplay, outlast. I said maybe i can satisfy a third of those requirements.  Outwit, maybe. I feel like last time people thought i was worthless and i  started to believe i was worthless. Now i'm feel morning confident. The fact  that i was able to succeed in that was remarkable to me.  Jeff: So that brings us to today's immunity challenge. Cochran, what is the  feeling when i yell Cochran wins immunity.  It was the most incredible moment of this game for me so far. It wasn't the  fact necessarily that i was going to be safe for tonight's tribal council. It  was the fact that i wouldn't have been came-- capable of doing that a couple  year ago.  Jeff: So Dawn, one of you will become the 8th and final member of the jury.  Cochran clearly has nothing worry about and has a little bit of sway because  he's safe. What case do you make to him today. Because there is a million  dollar decision.  Well, i think i have done a pretty good job of maligning myself with most  people on the jury and Eddie hands down is so likable. He hasn't had to send  anyone home on the jury with the exception of Phillip. They're going love  him.  Jeff: Eddie.  Yeah-- it's your game, brother.  If i were Dawn i brew probably be saying the same thing. On the flip side not  to put my own self down but i really didn't only vote off one person on the  jury. So strategy wise how much i did really, really do out here, you know  what i mean it is a game of deception, not necessarily a game of loyalty and  honesty. Dawn made huge moves and made major changes to the entire way it's  played. So i think going with Dawn to the final three is almost, you know,  putting her right in front.  Jeff: So Cochran, Eddie is saying you could probably bury me by pointing out  all the things i didn't do other than stay basically humble and likable.  Eddie and Dawn both have great arguments. Mean Dawn make herself sound like a  complete villain, i don't think that necessarily is the case. What it really  comes down to is what criteria the jury is going to be using. My perception  of what the jury wants in a winner, that's what i am probably basing my vote  on.  Jeff: Sherri, what's it like to sit one of four and nobody really paying any  attention, it's almost like it is a foregone conclusion will you go to the  final three.  That's the way they have played the entire game by thinking that i haven't  been a threat. But i'm still here. I have made alliances. I made core  alliances and everybody seems to forget that Sherri just sits here. I may not  say a lot but i take in a lot.  Jeff: Cochran that sounds like fair warning, take me with you, you should. Tomorrow  night you may see something different.  I think that Sherri probably has done more to get to this point than is  immediately apparent.  Cochran, i think your best chance is beating me and Sherri, to be honest with  you.  Okay.  I love being in that, going with you.  Jeff: Dawn, put a little bit of fear in you?  Not more than i've had yesterday or the last 36 days before that.  Jeff: Okay t is time to vote. Eddie, you're up.  Sorry, Dawn.  Please go home.  I think you're the only person out there that can beat me.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. Once the votes are read, the decision final.  The person voted out will be leave the tribal council area immediately. I'll  read the votes. First vote, Dawn. Eddie. Eddie. Two votes Eddie, one vote Dawn.  178th person voted out and the 8th and final member of our jury, Eddie. You  need to bring me your torch. Eddie, the tribe has spoken.  Great game, guys.  Jeff: Dawn, Cochran, Sherri, congratulations. You've gone as far as you can  go in this game. Tomorrow night power shifts to the jury, a group of people  that you had a hand in voting out now hold your fate in their hands. You have  one night left out here. Take it in, try to get a good night sleep and we'll  see you back here tomorrow night for your final tribal council. Grab your  stuff, head back to camp. Good night.  I think Sherri has a zero percent chance of winning which is why she is going  to the final three. I feel like if i would have got ten to the final three,  first place was mine for the taking. As much tas sucks, i'm pretty happy with  how i earnedded up. The fact that it is fans versus favorite and i made to  four really speaks large volume to how i played and i really wish i was going  to be there in the morning. But i'm out tonight. And that's how it went and  that's how it went today. Today.  Tell me your definition of a pawn.  Pawns are worthless, basically. Are you willing to throw them out there  because they'll get taken. So no strategic input. No real strength. And  expendable. I think that would be my definition.  Okay.  Do agree with that, Dawn?  Oh God, my husband will be so proud of me sitting in the final three. He told  me this game was made for me follow me all along that he believed in me so  much, that's why i'm sitting here. &gt; my God.  I had a goal coming into this that i wasn't going to take nothing below final  three.  Oh, gosh, you guys.  This is campaign milk, eggs, sausages,.  Bread.  There's butter and sausage.  My selling point to why i deserve to win, because i came in as a fan. I came  in as an underdogment i didn't have the advantage. I didn't know how to make  a shell ter. How to survive. I did all that i was adaptable. I was flexible.  I got an alliance. I ran the alliance. That's why i'm still sitting here.  To day 39, the three of us. Congratulations.  Congratulations and to a good tribal council.  My alliance with Cochran in the game but my alliance was really my family at  home. There was never a day i wasn't loyal to my family.  Best have you ever had.  In my life.  I'm excited to have meat, even to see it. Just to hold it.  When i leave tribal council tonight no Matter what happens, i'm changed. I  accomplished a goal of getting to the end of this game, something that was a  dream and i've learned so much about myself. And i learned that i can  actually play this game well. And i'm proud of that. Because no one else made  thee decisions but me this time.  We beat all of them. The last two returning players.  We couldn't have got this far without each other so that's the interesting  thing.  We called every single shot. We really did.  Cochran and i have played Survivor for 67 days together. The fact that it's Cochran  and i together and Cochran and i at the end of this is just-- i feel like  it's a story book ending. But it's still game on in my mind. And i'm  confident that i can and i'm confident that i can beat Sherri or Cochran.  Beat Sherri or Cochran.  The first time in 39 days i really felt frazzled is today. I have written a  prize-winning paper, harvard law school on how to survive a jury system there  se big difference in writing a paper and living out the reality. And i'm  grappling with that dichotomy right now. Law school hasn't prepared me for  this you think it would. Sorry lar vard, you haven't taught me that much  about how toed ares a jury but i will learn my lesson tonight i think. When  everything is look good for me i suddenly start expecting the worst and  preparing myself for the worst. Am i go stock able to get on to Survivor  which i have been dreaming of doing for half my life. I guess on i get to  return as a favorite, you know, the end game scenario is no different. I feel  like i play a great game. I have gotten to the end. This is my game to lose  but all of a sudden these doubts are plaguing my mind. I'm just kind of this  awkward geek who hasn't really sdoon nisming i know i have done stuff and can  express myself but doubts screens-- kreeb creeps in, or seeps if. It is not  healthy especially when i need to pleads my days -- case and feel confident  in the game i played. But when i'm not feeling confident in myself it's hard to  do.  Thank you.  Did it.  Did it.  Done and done  done and done .  Jeff: We now bring in the members of our jury. Michael, Phillip, Malcolm, Reynold,  Andrea, Brenda, eric and Eddie voted out at the last tribal council. Well, Dawn,  Cochran, Sherri, 39 days it has been a crazy one impromptu tribal council,  lots of idol paranoia and the three of you did what 17 other people couldn't  do. You made it to the end. Tonight you have a shot to plead your case. The  power shifts to the jury. This group that you voted out, they will decide  tonight who they think is most deserving of the title of sole Survivor and  the million dollars that goes along with it. Here is how it is going to,  wochlt opening statements and the jury will address you. Then we will vote.  Shall we get to it? Dawn, you're up.  First of all i just want to say that i'm looking at the group of you. And  feeling a little bit humbled because i know how hard everyone played. I think  you guys all saw how hard this game was for me. I think a lot of the emotion  had to do with how hard it was for me to be duplicitous because when i came  out here i made a couple of promises to myself about how i would play. First  i wanted to have at least one ally who i would be willing to take to the end  who i could strategize with and make decisions with. And that was Cochran.  The second thing is i wanted to be in control of my own game. I wanted to be  part of groups where when we made decisions it influenced my game. And the  third thing is its hardest part, i had to give myself permission to actually  play the game and be willing to use the things that in my normal life when i  build trust and friendships with people, i don't exploit them. And so i had  to come out re-- reminding myself this is a game for a million dollars.  Panned if this is football i have to be willing to tackle. I feel proud of  the game i played because i know that i made the hard decisions when i had  to. And that got us both to where we are today.  Jeff: Sherri, you're up.  So you all know me as the stay at home mom. And i have three children. And i  have been married for 18 years and all this is true. But i'm also a very  successful businesswoman. I have 75 employees. And i run several businesses.  And when i came into Survivor i was going to play the way i run my businesses.  I was going to look at all of you like people i deal with on a day-to-day  basis. And, mi so nervous this is like so crazy. By am just so nervous. So i  had to make like lots of decisions and become very pliable to get myself into  different areas of the tribe. Because here i'm a fan. And you guys are  favorites. And i had to get in and integrate with each one of you. And i  think i did that very successfully. Because somehow i'm still sitting here.  Jeff: Cochran, opening statement.  I'm also very nervous but you know, this is the culmination of 13 years of  passion for Survivor. Half my life n high school i used to wear bff every  night Survivor was on, i used to pass out a newsletter. I wrote a paper about  it in law school this is an obsession. And the fact that i'm here now is  surreal and an honor. Hi no fantasy that i would become one of the top ten  challenge performers in Survivor history. Socially i consider myself a  socially awkward person. I have anxiety but somehow i kind of fell into the  role of like therapist, you know, when paranoia was ramping around. I would  step in and try to be a calming force which is unusual for me and  strategically i'm proud of myself. I have seen every season of Survivor, i've  never seen a collection of threats like this i know i can't outmuscle,  outcharm, i didn't think i can even outstrategize anybodiment but i can beat  people in timing. And this is what this game has been for me, timing.  Whenever a threat emerged i would strike before i could be struck at. I lied  alonged way, deceived along the way and i'm proud of it and i want to own it.  I want you to be aware why i think i played the best game here. So i'm  looking forward to the questions. You can tear me apart but i want to prove  why i played the best game.  Jeff: All right, jury. In a moment your first chance to address Dawn, Cochran  and Sherri as always in the final tribal council, your job is to get the  information you need to make a million dollar decision. I'm gok give you a  minute to i'm gok give you a minute to think about it think about it  jeff: All right, jury, some you have waited a long time to address these  three. The goal is simple. We're looking for information to make a million  dollar decision. This is it. Let's get started, Malcolm. Start us off.  Guys, congratulations from the bottom of my heart. I consider myself a huge  fan of the show and having done this before and know how big of a deal to get  there you guys all did something to get there. Sherri, i don't have a  question for you tonight. Cochran and Dawn, really my vote is up in the air  tonight. I think you both played an extremely smart game. You were very  strategic. You made great moves in my opinion. So Dawn, no question but i am  going to be your best friend tonight.  Okay.  You played cold blooded as hell, i would say. And you even just said in your  opening statement that is how wanted to come out here and do it but you can't  have your cake and eat it too.  Uh-huh.  You have to own it tonight. You can't be afraid of hurting. You can't be  warm, mother of six who stabs people in the back it doesn't work like that  everybody up here is smart enough to see through it. If you were cold and you  played hard, than own and you play hard, fight for it you fight for t i will  vote for you.  Okay. Cochran, my question for you, if will you indulge my narcissism for a  moment, what quality do you have that i don't have that allowed you to be so  successful and get to the end of this game?  Probably, and this is going sound like a joke but it is being sincere.  Probably a heightened level insecurity. I was with people like minded that go  with long with my plan. I got insecure when i heard somebody else had a plan  of their own. I didn't like that and that is a deep seed insecurity but i  think manifested in a healthy way because i ended up taking out people that  were a threat that had their own plans. I know that that contributed greatly  to my moves. I just can't imagine you being insecure. I guess that is why i  am impuning that is something i have that you don't.  Thanks.  Thanks, Malcolm.  Jeff: Eddie.  All right, one day away i was. I was just with all you guys yesterday.  Sherri, are you willing to admit that you got carried to the final three or  are you thinking are you still here for a strategic reason?  I don't think i got carried to the final three.  Okay. Dawn, what troubles me the most about you is you came out here tonight  talking about how you played this strong game weferb and you were cold  hearted. Yet the only time i ever saw you interact with other people you were  the weakest most fragile player out here all the time n a constant state of  par flowa. Every time i saw you or went to approach you or anything else that  happened, you were run into a mental breakdown not woods. It became almost a  daily routine where you would get up set about something an run off. I'm  having such a hard time correlating how you were so weak but coming out  saying no, i have been strong the whole time.  I think i have been strong but i think you've seen the wear of the game on  me. I still want to own that i made those decisions, that i took friendships  and exploited them that i said we need to vote this person out regardless of  how i feel or what they did for me.  Okay. Cochran, you had come 180 from last time i saw you play this games  alike this weaker, feeble player and you won four challenges. I'm basically  judging you on where you are going to go forward with this coming out of this  game. If you put yourself in this situation, you're at the bar with the three  amigos, me, Reynold and Malcolm, where do you see yourself? Are you next to  us, are you in front of us or are you behind us. I want to see really how  this game is going affect your life afterward.  Right. I'm at the bar with them. I'm telling that you right now. No  hesitation. Two years ago i would get like panic attacks going to bars or  parties. Now i feel comfortable doing it i think it's been manifest in the  way i played the game this time. And it will be especially apparent when we  hit up a bar. I am geek sitting next to you but we will have two women on  each side of me so there will be a slight physical distance. But i'm being  serious. I would hang with you guys. And it is a unique feeling for me. And i  think that is going to change how i interact socially with people well beyond  the bounds of this game.  Awesome, that's all i have.  Jeff: Thanks, Eddie. All right, Phillip.  First of all i want to congratulate all three of you. As a guy who managed to  play for 39 days, i know that sense of satisfaction that you get when you  wake up on the 39th day an you go hey, i'm still here. So i am going to start  first with you, Sherri. The day that you made the decision that you wanted to  do something different and take your fate in your own hands and join the  favorites, that was a strategic move that began the process.  Absolutely.  That you are sitting there right now. However, Sherri, as of this day  forward, are you no longer a member of stealth "r" us. I'm now  rescinding that and taking it back. So i have nothing further for you. Dawn.  Yes.  We had to live with almost several times a day of oh pie God, they're going  to vote for me, they're going vote for me.  I know.  I have total intolerance for somebody who wants to come out and play Survivor  and then suddenly cry and make all kinds of excuses during the game. You made  camp life for most of us very disruptive. And so for me, i find it very  difficult to say Dawn, regardless of what you are saying now, that i would  cast a vote for you. Kwok ran, you-- Cochran, you know you played a very,  very strategic game. Did you it in a straightforward manner. I never felt  there was any malice toward anybody. And i just really enjoyed playing the  game with you. You are a real class act.  Thanks.  Jeff: Thanks, Phillip. Erik.  Hey, guys. Con gradlations, final three. I want to talk to Dawn first.  Okay.  We helped each other through this and i thought we shared something that was  so powerful. And after i saw the vote with bridgea-- Brenda what we had, you  crushed it. It wasn't genuine t wasn't special. Are you aware of the damage  you caused when you played the game you played?  I came into the game this time saying i would use the relationships that i  made to advance myself in the game. And i did that by being more loyal to Cochran  and that alliance and more loyal to who is the strategic threat for me and  who needs to go. Those were all honest connections. It's just i was playing  the game to get further.  Sherri, i want to talk to you. In the same vein of awareness, you understand  why you are here right now?  I'm here because i played the game hard.  What did you --  as hard as i can ply it but not the way that you guys thought i should play  it i played my game.  Why are people not digging into your strategy? Nobody is canning you those  questions, are they?  I'm not sure.  You're not sure why.  No.  Well, i would like top enlighten you a little bit. You never did anything in  this game. You were a seashell on the beach the entire game. And that's why  no one --  nass's your opinion, Erik, and that's fine. And i don't care. That's your  opinion.  I just want to you --  but i don't understand how you can sit here and talk down to me but you can  have a holier than thou attitude like are you having.  First of all i'm to the --  you're having that attitude f are you done with me, i am done with youment i  don't need to listen to you, obviously i am not going to get t i --  i was just trying to help you understand where you sit.  I don't need your help.  All right.  Now you can sit down.  Thanks, eric.  Jeff: Michael, you're up.  Hello, hi, guys. Dawn and Cochran, when i hooked up with you guys at the swap  and started watching you and knew you were playing the same game, i watched  you guys strategize together, vote together, but i feel that Dawn, you're  getting a little bit more of a punch gut kind of thing. So i want to give you  the opportunity to explain why maybe Cochran is getting off scot-free. Why is  he to the being called a villain maybe the way that you are?  I think the difference in the way that Cochran and i played the game is i  developed the relationship with people that gave the information that we  needed to make the vote that would take people out.  So it sounds to me like you're saying he doesn't have as much blood on his  hands.  I don't think he has as much blood or as much responsibility. And i don't  think he would necessarily be here if i hadn't developed the relationship. In  my opinion there are a lot of decisions in the game where Cochran didn't have  to do anything but kind of show up and say how do i vote?  Cochran, i just want to know if you think all that Dawn is getting is  warranted, whether she warrants the reactions, i don't know. In full  disclosure i'm happy she's receiving the reactions.  Thanks, Cochran.  I'm being honest. I'm to the going hide anything. I'm happy that people seem  to have venom towards Dawn. In terms of why i am coming off cleaner. I kind  of disagree with Dawn's assessment. She did saying wouldn't it be in the game  if it weren't here. Certainly there is a reciprocity and symbiosis in our  relationship.  I didn't say not in the game.  You did say that at one point. The paranoia that ran ram want-- rampant was  crippling to the alliance.  I think a paranoia that probably was fostered because it was difficult to  have that responsibility that was just difficult-- more difficult for me to  do than i realized it was going to be. I still did it.  That's just my portion of the answer phase i think. I do feel you were an  absolute huge asset in terms of getting information. But i actually made the  decisions. If i hadn't become your therapist, i don't think you would be  still in this game.  Okay.  Jeff: Thanks, Michael. Reynold, you're up.  Dawn, all right, i pretty much disliked from you day one because i was like Dawn  is a complete fraud.  Oh.  She is the first one to give an over emphatic hug if someone stubs their toe,  she's the one who looks at you and says that is hilarious.  You're right, i do do that.  And you are not even laughing at the joke. So i think that you were disengine  business.  Okay.  And the character that you created was a false character.  All those observations about my personality are actually helpful because i'm  not aware that mi-- it sounds like are you saying phoney.  I will give you a chance, the truth shall set you free. What do you think  about me?  Yeah, i don't even know -- dish mean i have --  just shoot me street.  I have multiple thoughts.  Three adjectives Reynold.  Oh.  Do it too me, Dawn.  I just am trying to think.  Do it. I know what you think of other people, do it for me.  I think you're kind of chauvinistic.  Yes, thank you.  I do think you have a great sense of humor.  There we go.  And i think that sometimes are you really vulgar.  Yes, so i can actually take that compliment that i have this great sense of  humor, which i do, and believe you.  Yeah, agreed.  Because you told me i'm a chauvinistic cruder guy than you hang out with at  the church of mormon. And like-- that is awesome. That has set you free.  And i appreciate-- no i appreciate you saying that. Because i'm really not  trying to be fake.  So what i am telling you is you can go back and be a great person but tell  these people, i kicked your ass.  I kicked your ass in this game, but i still do love you.  And i liked it.  A little bit.  A little bit, all right.  Jeff: Andrea.  You guys can all take a deep breath because i'm not bitter, i have no mean  words and mi just grateful i was able to play with you guys. You blindside  immediate with a hid enimmunity idol in my bag and it was awesome. I'm not  bitter. I think it is great that you guys are here. So first Cochran, my  question for su if you were to choose one animal that you feel you played  this game most like what would it be.  Probably i would say a cham eelian, i was able to change colors at the drop  of a hat. If somebody i thought was a trusted ally, you know, Phillip was one  of my closest ally, a stealth "r" us coloured camelia, it guess it  is debanded, i had to change my colours. I did that was the adapt ability and  timing that was crucial to my game. I think i have been more willing and able  to change at the drop a hat and that is how i have gotten this far.  Awesome answer. Dawn, i'm really proud of you. And i think that people don't  realize that you did play a very strategic game. I think if i was in the  final three i would have played similar to you. I really definitely tried to  connect to people and then was ready to cut them. I understand where you are  coming from.  Thanks.  Thank you, i'm proud of you guys.  Jeff: Brenda.  Let's do this. Cochran.  Yeah.  We didn't have an emotional bond the way Dawn and hi. But one way that we did  bond was at the family visit.  Absolutely.  You know. In a way i felt like i gave you something. And then almost  instantly i felt like you took something from me.  Yeah.  So i want you to really sell me on it of why i should give to you now.  I don't know-- it kind of scares me. I have kind of developed this  sociopathic ability to separate game and emotion. Beyond this game i'm  willing to prove my gratitude to you because i consider that an emotional  gift you game to me, not a game play gift. In terms of telling you why you  should vote for me, i think because you were a threat to my game and i took  out a threat to my game. And that is i think the core of sir vifer, take out  somebody before they can take you out. It's cold but i think the truth.  Okay. Dawn, you know how strong the bond that i thought i had with you was.  It was so strong. Getting voted out by you, i mean Cochran and Sherri did it  too, but by you that is where the pain came. Let's take it back a little bit  that day when we heard shrieks coming from the jungle it was you, i saw you  in the most vulnerable state ever.  Uh-huh.  When you were like Brenda, i'm going to pull myself from the game if i don't  get my retainer back. And i said no, no. I said you're staying in this game, Dawn.  It happened perfectly where i was able to find it for you. Give it to you.  You were so grateful. You said i owe you everything.  Uh-huh.  Because of you, Brenda, i'm in this game. I realized afterwards i had Dawn's  fate in the game literally in my hands.  Uh-huh.  Tell me, would you really have given it up if you didn't have injure teeth  back, something cosmetic. Would you have quit this game if i did not give you  back your teeth.  No, i wouldn't have.  I need to you go beyond words this time and i need you to prove it to me. I  want everyone to see you the way i saw you that day. I want you to take out  your teeth, Dawn.  Yeah, i'm to the requesting to do that, i don't understand how --  Dawn, it's my thing, i know it is harsh.  I will tell you, i played a hard game.  But Dawn.  I know, i'm not understanding.  I will explain it. I had your fate in my hand that day. And are you telling  me no you didn't, i would have stayed it really wasn't a big deal. If you are  telling me that yes, Brenda i would have stayed in the game. I'm strong, i'm  a fighter that prove it to me right now.  If you are asking me to take them out and humiliate myself, i'm happy to do  that. Because truthfully.  Okay, let's do it.  I will do t i really will but all i wanted to do in this game was play hard.  Let's do it.  I'm willing to take anyone out when i want to play.  The whole point, the whole point of my thing right now is shall did --.  I'm happy to do it.  No talking, do it.  There, there they are.  Okay. Thank you. I did not want to you minimize my what i did, that is why i  did that right now. I wanted you to feel that because it is kind of what i  felt.  I understand that.  A little bit of heartbreak.  Okay.  Jeff: Okay. So a lively final tribal council a lot of punches thrown. You  guys absorbed them. As best you can. The question did you do a good enough job  to convince them that you are the one deserving of the title of sole Survivor  and the million dollars that goes with it. Next step, the last step in this  game is the last time you guys will vote for a winner. I'm going give you a  moment to take all of this in. To take all of this in. And then we will vote.  And then we will vote.  Jeff: Okay. Tonight you three want to see your name. These are million dollar  votes. For the last time it is time to vote. Michael, you're up .  Cochran, you did a great job, thank you for joining stelt,us, did right in  the end by the favorites.  This is not the name i thought i would be writing down tonight.  Jeff: For the last time i will go get the votes.  Jeff: Dawn, Cochran, Sherri, jury, i'd like nothing more than to read these  votes right here on a stormy, rainy, windy night on caramoan. Unfortunately  you're going to have to wait until we get back to the united states. I'll see  you there. I'll see you there. Thanks for a good season. Thanks for a good  season. [cheers and applause]  jeff: Thank you, welcome, have a seat. Have a seat. Let's get to that. Nice  welcome. Thank you. One of the great things about this game t is an equal  opportunity game. Anybody can win this game. All types of people have won  this game as evidenced by our final three. Sherri, self-made woman, owner of  many businesses, a millionaire in your own right. Even without tonight going  one way or the other. We have Cochran in the middle, maybe the biggest fish  out of water story ever in Survivor! [applause]  jeff: No Matter what happens tonight you're the guy with skin so translucent  it burns instantly and here are you at the final. And on the other end, Dawn,  one of the most emotional rides anybody has ever gone through on this show. A  mother of six adopted kids, all of whom are here tonight hoping tonight is  your night. So before we read these votes, give me your pulse, Sherri, what  do you think, odds of you winning? &gt;&gt;.  Not good.  Jeff: You feel like are you a long shot after tribal.  I think i have a very long shot after tribal, no way.  Jeff: Cochran, how but, you seem to be a favorite. You got a lot of momentum  going toward the end. You got a lot of challenges. But in is the game in  which blindsides happen all the time.  Watching that footage i feel pretty confident but if anything, if this season  has proven it is-- when you get too confident that is when you get screwed  over so, i'm hoping for the best but prepared for the worst.  Jeff: Dawn, do you think you recovered enough at tribal. One of the biggest  moves ever that we will talk about, when Brenda challenged you. Do you think  you have gotten yourself to a place where you can win this game wince don't  think i'm going to win but i think i'll be able to buy some new teeth.  Jeff: Your attitude is in a good spot. All right. Let's get to it. The jury  has voted. The great thing about Survivor, you vote them out and then they  turn around and decide who wins. You want to see your name tonight. I will  now read the votes. [cheers and applause]  jeff: Here we go. First vote Cochran. [applause] Cochran. Two votes Cochran.  Cochran. Three votes Cochran. Cochran. Four votes Cochran. One more vote will  do it. And the winner of Survivor "fans vs. Favorites", Cochran!  Cochran! [cheers and applause] [cheers and applause]  jeff: That is what a million dollar smile looks like! We're going talk to Cochran,  maybe the most unlikely winner ever. Plus Dawn and Brenda have not spoken  since Dawn's portrayal. Will she apologize, boston rob is here with his  thoughts about Phillip and his br rules. And we'll hear from this guy here,  from season one, richard hatch will way in and take a look at this, throw  that up, heartthrob Malcolm, a soap opera star? Plus we're taking your tweets  all night long, hashtag Survivor finale, the live reunion show is next. See  you in a bit. See you in a bit. [cheers and applause]