<br/>jeff: Previously on "Survivor".  3 of us are voting for Phillip.  For weeks, stealth r us had control of the game while the three amigos pulled  off a shocking move.  This is the other idol i've been hanging on to. I'm giving it to Eddie.  Jeff: Using two idols to blind side Phillip. The tribe has spoken.  Thank you.  Jeff: With Phillip gone they hoped stealth r us would fall apart. But they  were wrong.  Fourth person voted out and the third member of our jury, Malcolm, you need  to bring me your torch Malcolm and Reynold went home back to back we're down  to one amigo left.  Erik wins immunity! I have a Erik won the last immunity challenge it seemed  obvious Eddie would be the next one voted out but instead the game changed  again and the majority alliance began to target each other.  Who do you think should go home? Brenda or Dawn?  I think today is the beginning of the end for alliance of six.  Jeff: At a surprising tribal council, the majority alliance turned on each  other.  Andrea?  What?  Jeff: And with an idol in her pocket, Andrea was the first of the six to be  blindsided. Andrea, the tribe has spoken. Six are left. Who will be voted out  tonight?  Last tribal council Andrea was the one who wound up going home, taking with  her the hidden immunity idol. If now that she's gone, i almost feel like that  doors are closed and i think i'm pretty much a sitting duck target for the  next tribal council.  Well, at least we know we're voting somebody out every night now.  Yeah, i know.  We'll get rid of three more people in five days. I think i'm next.  Yeah, but if you win immunity you won't be next.  Potentially you.  Really.  I would say so.  Is that who you would be voting for or who you're saying the group would be  voting for?  The group would be voting for.  I always thought i'm the worthless annoying twerp who's not going to win in  challenges but now i'm taking a step back and thinking to myself "can i  get to the end of this game or do i have an expiration date that's rapidly  approaching"?  If Eddie wins, who goes next?  I think it should be Cochran.  Is Erik on board with taking -- Cochran going or do you feel like he's going  to be --  i'm pretty sure, yeah.  Okay. I woke up feeling good about being locked with Cochran and sheri but  now i have Brenda and Erik saying "we'll work with you at the end"  so i'm thinking maybe that guarantees me final three if i go with them. But  then that braebs my agreement with Cochran and i'm knowing that they want to  target him.  I feel like i couldn't trust you and that vote was really hard for me. But i  know he's a big threat to win the game.  Yeah.  The good thing here is that i have options and i'm going take responsibility  for hit in the end and proved to people that i played a game that was worth a  million dollars.  This is what your 70th day playing the game, snashg  70th day on "Survivor".  Whoa!  Craziness. I should be happy today but i'm not. I should be really, really  happy and content but this has been one of the hardest days yet for whatever  reason. I have to have food. I feel like i'm in prison right now. I feel like  there's just so much time, it's stretched out. I feel like i'm trapped here  and it's horrible. I mean, there's nothing to be talked about. There's nothing  to be said. There's nothing to be done. I'm miserable here. This is the most  beautiful prison i've ever been in in my life. These days are killing me.  They're absolutely killing me.  So annoying to see, like, coconuts in the tree and you can't get them. I'm so  hungry for those coconuts. I think i can climb that tree if i take my time. I  think i can climb it. To shake up the day i was thinking i'll crime a coconut  tree to get coconuts. I'm super hungry and these coconuts have been laughing  at me since day three.  That's too tall, Erik, that's a really high coconut tree.  Pretty high, yeah. As i'm climbing the tree i'm thinking "you could fall  out of the tree and break your leg and then you'll leave the game and you'll  see more coconuts." no one would judge me, no one would say "hey,  you tried your best, it was just an accident." but i'm trying to defeat  myself at this point. It's in my head. And that scares the hell out of me  because that's not what i want to to do.  Good job, Erik. Not from there, not yet.  It's still about ten feet.  12 feet. Not yet. (applause) no more.  No coconuts, though.  I know.  Man.  You okay?  Yeah, i'm fine.  That's the highest i've seen you climb.  Damn it!  I know.  Ooh, all right. Hey, guys! Yeah?  Gather around.  Oh, my God! No!  What?  D.w.i.s come over here.  No way!  Come on over here.  Sprint equals love, now go to gallery to see what you are playing for. Video  letters. No way.  Hi, it's daddy! We have traveled over 30 hours to get here. We miss you so,  so, so very much.  The one person i want to hug the most i'm actually going to be able to hug  out here-- my dad. He's the guy who told me to be humble and i've been doing  that this whole game, you know?  Hey, i'm here on the island. I miss you so much. Happy anniversary. This is  our 21st anniversary. It's amazing. You've outdone me once again by bringing  me all the way out to the philippines for our anniversary. I love being  married to you, i'm grateful everyday.  Hey, sweetheart, i'm here on the island. The kids are doing great. Parker got  his hair cut you won't recognize him. I love you and i'll see you real soon.  Cochran, it's been an agonizing few weeks leading up to this day. Hope you've  been using lots of sunscreen on your precious silky white skin.  Hey! I'm here! Listen, i'm very proud of you, very proud of everything you're  doing. I don't know why God gave me the opportunity to be your father but  i'll take it. I'll take it.  I love it.  Hey, Erik, it's your brother.  My brother!  The weather couldn't be better. Having a good time. I hope you're having a  good time and you're still there, you're doing really well.  My brother's video, i was at the end of my rope and i'm not there anymore.  I'm right back in it. I'm ready to fight. It totally reinvigorated me.  Everything is turned around.  Oh, my God!  I'm 100% now. I've not been here for this long to go home with nothing.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! This morning in treemail you received a an evo l.t.d.  from sprint. Who has it? Erik?  I made a few calls.  Jeff: Good. On this sprint phone were authentic video messages from your  loved ones. After 35 days, very few things can rival al loved one's message  on a sprint phone other than, perhaps, the real thing. Brenda, here's your  dad raymond. (applause)  oh, my God!  Daddy, you gave me the best, best advice. The best.  I did?  You told me to be humble and i've been being so humble because of you. I  think of you every night. Every night.  Jeff: Brenda, i just broke. 26 seasons and i've never cried at a loved one.  You got me!  I'm so happy! I'm so happy.  Jeff: Raymond, take your spot over here, Brenda, you can head back. Erik, you  ready for some love?  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Jeff: Here's your brother richard.  Brother!  Brother!  Oh, yes!  Good to see you, man.  Oh, my God, you're bigger than me!  You're so much smaller than i am.  Holy crap!  Jeff: Sherri, here's your husband jared.  Oh, Sherri!  Hi, babe! Oh, God! I just want you to hold me!  Jeff: Cochran, here's your mom arlene.  Oh!  It's all right. I'm sorry i smell.  Jeff: Eddie, let's get to it. Here's your pop, also named ed.  Yes, big ed.  Oh, my God! You're the hairiest man alive! I love you!  Jeff: That's a hug right there. Dawn, is there anybody other than your  husband you'd want to be here?  No!  Jeff: All right, let's bring him out, here's your husband of 21 years, james.   James!  I can't believe you're here!  All the kids are great.  I saw the letter but i didn't know.  They're all doing great. (applause)  jeff: All right, are you ready to get to today's challenge?  Yeah.  You are going to compete with your loved ones. For today's challenge, you and  your loved ones will spin around in circles uncrew ago rail. Once you've  unscrewed all three rails you will then attempt to toss bolos on to those  rails. The first pair to land three bolos wins reward. Want to know what  you're playing for?  Yes.  Jeff: The winning pair will go back to camp where just offshore we have set  up a floating backyard barbecue with everything you would expect at a  barbecue: Steak, burgers, beer, apple pie.  Apple pie! Oh, God!  Jeff: I know it's worth playing for. We'll draw spots and get started. Here  we go. For a nice reward and time with your loved ones, Survivors ready? Go!  Run! (laughing sglchld oh, my gosh!  Jeff: You're only as fast as your slowest member.  Can you go faster? Erik and his brother flying through it. Everybody doing a  good job.  Oh, my God!  Jeff: You're going to get dizzy, that's the point.  Come on, okay. Go, go.  Jeff: Erik and his brother have the first rail, Brenda and her dad have their  first rail. Here comes ed and Eddie. There goes Dawn and Sherri with theirs.  Everybody has to compensate for their loved one. They're not used to this.  It's very hot as well. Arlene already slowing down.  Don't say anything about my mom, jeff.  Jeff: How old are you, arlene?  She's about to turn 54 in a few weeks.  Jeff: You look good, woman, but keep moving!  Thanks, i know!  Jeff: Brenda and raymond have their second rail. Dad goes down, takes a hard  tumble. Welcome to "Survivor." Erik and his brother have their  second rail. There's the second rail for jack and Brenda. Here comes Sherri  and jared. We've got a race going there. Dawn has her second rail. Here comes  ed and Eddie. Here comes Cochran and his mom. Erik and his brother have their  third rail. Here comes Brenda and her dad. Start working on those knots.  So proud of you daddy.  Was the flight over horrible?  Yeah, but it was fine.  Jeff: Sherri and jared have their third rail. Erik has his knots free.  Love you, babe.  Love you so much. No more running after this.  Jeff: Erik's brother richard hits the first bolo, they've landed one.  They got one.  Jeff: Jared and Sherri going start tossing bolos. You need to land three.  Brenda tossing now. Brenda has one, Erik has one. Sherri and jared have their  first. Dave has one for Dawn. Ed and Eddie score their first! Jared scores a  second. Brenda scores a second. Brenda trying to win it right here.  Don't miss!  Jeff: Just misses. Dave scores a second. It's a showdown. It's Brenda, john,  and Sherri. Who's going to get it first? Dave's tangled.  Let me try, daddy.  Jeff: Raymond hits it! Brenda and raymond win reward!  I love you!  This is so good! You did so good. Brenda, raymond, come on over. All right, Brenda,  here's how it's going to work. You go back to camp where 50 yards offshore we  have a floating backyard barbecue. Choose one other Survivor and their loved  one to join you.  Brenda, please!  I'm picking Dawn. I taking Dawn for so many reasons.  Jeff: Dawn not even messing around.  Thank you so much!  Jeff: Let me complicate things for you. Here's another evo l.t.e. from  sprint. I want you to take a look at this.  Hey, Brenda, i'm here, too, and i've got more love for everyone! (cheers and  applause)  your second loved ones are here.  No way!  No, they're not!  Jeff: First time in "Survivor" history two loved ones for  everybody. Arlene, who's out here with you?  Cochran's dad.  Jeff: Jared, who came out with you.  Parker, our oldest son.  Oh, Sherri! Sfl.  Jeff: Brought Sherri literally to her knees.  Oh, God!  Jeff: Richard, who came out here with you.  Our third brother, last piece of the puzzle.  Ed, who came out here with you.  My wife, Eddie's mom.  Jeff: Dave, who came out with you.  Whitney, Dawn's best friend.  Oh, that's nuts!  Jeff: And who came out with you?  My sister!  Jeff: Here's your dilima machlt you can choose one other Survivor and their  loved one or you can give up your love and the love you just teased Dawn with  and the other four remaining Survivors and their loved ones will enjoy the  barbecue.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Brenda, it's a big decision. It's love for you and Dawn or love for  everyone else. You can give up a chance to bond and have this experience with  your sister and you can take away what you just promised Dawn what's the best  move versus a once in a lifetime experience.  This game is crazy.  Of course i'm going to give it to them.  Oh, yes! Brenda, thank you so much!  Oh, Brenda!  The i love you so much.  You're almost there. A few more days.  Jeff: Here's what's going to happen. Just offshore beautiful barbecue where  your four loved ones will be waiting for you. You have to evo l.t.d. that you  can give to whoever you want to record once in a lifetime memories. Right  now, you two, Brenda and Dawn you can say good-bye to your loved ones.  Bye, daddy.  Good job.  I'm so sorry.  Thank you, i love you.  Jeff: Everybody grab your stuff, head back to camp, enjoy your afternoon of  love.  Summer of 2000 i'm 13 years old sitting on the couch at home with my mom  watching "Survivor." over the next 13 years still been watching it,  never missed an episode. I went through my first kiss, puberty, a little bit  more than that and this is the culmination of 13 years of loving this and  loving this with somebody i love and getting to share this night with  somebody i love. You can't beat it.  Look at you!  Eddie's done great in the game so far but he looked so thin. He was thin when  he left so i can't believe how thin he is now. He told me he'd lost something  like 22 pounds. I can't wait to get him home and fatten him up.  I love you so much! When my husband came around the corner at the challenge i  got weak in the knees and it took my breath away. And when i heard that  parker was here on the island it was -- that's what i gave birth to him and i  put him in my arms. I wanted that feeling again, to hold him.  Oh, my God, drinks.  Hamburgers.  Have some burgers.  You want a drink or anything?  How's it snais  it's pleasant, just eat.  My dad's a neurologist, kind of a bookish guy, he's wearing sunglasses all of  a sudden and working the grill like an old pro. I think he has this act like  a cool dude when he's anything but. He's basically me in 40 years. I don't know  if he's gone hollywood or what's going on but he's flipping burgers and like  since when are we doing that, dad?  Come on in!  I can get a picture with Cochran. This is a big deal for me. (laughs)  i'm exhausted, i'm hungry. It's breaking me down. I feel like i'm beyond  rational thinking. I'm just beat.  We love you!  You're not missing much. It's just okay! Thank you, Brenda!  I feel like Brenda earned all the good favor today because she's the one that  gifted everybody. Somehow i feel like i'm just lost. And the fact that i'm  going to have to spend camp tonight with people who are full and seeing their  loved ones for whole afternoon makes me want to spit!  I want you to let it out, Dawn, because the minute everything comes out  you're going to be ten times stronger. I know this.  I just want to eat! I'm so mad! I don't even have a coconut! I mean, come on!   Just keep -- don't -- just don't lose hope. Dawn, this is day 35!  Okay.  Four days from now we're going to be -- have big smiles on our faces. I  guarantee you that.  I'll be back in a few minutes.  I'm playing that this was a wonderful thing. I'm playing that this was the  right choice regardless of what my stomach is saying but Dawn doesn't feel  the same. Dawn is devastated, Dawn is upset. Dawn is crying. Dawn is pissed  off. Dawn is livid.  The there will be something we'll crack up about over cookies, spaghetti in  their mouth. Pancakes, whatever. We're going to be cracking up about it.  Whenever you do anything big in this game, whether you do something bad to  someone, it's funny how it's always a double-edged sword. It can be amazing  because they're like "okay, i'll never vote out Brenda because i owe  her" or it could be, boom, downfall.  Thank you so much.  Yes, thank you so much.  At the time Brenda made her decision to give up her reward and let the four  other Survivors enjoy it, it's like, oh, my God, green is fantastic, she is  she feelless, this is a game winning -- that's whey what my mom whispered.  She said "Brenda is going to win this game."  thanks for everything today, Brenda. I love you.  But the better and more likable and and more untouchable seems the more  people are going to want to get her out because we're at that point in the  game where likability is a liability and i know that better than anyone else  and i think Brenda will be experiencing that soon if i have any say in it.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! Guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yeah.  Yeah.  Jeff: Erik give it up.  Oh.  Jeff: Once again, immunity is up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're  going to be standing on a ledge over water while holding on to a handle  behind your back. That hand is connected to a winch. Every time i crank it,  it will lower you closer to the water. When the pain becomes too much to  bear, you'll fall into the water and you're out of the challenge. Last person  left standing wins immunity, guaranteed a 1-5 shot at winning this game.  Losers, tribal council where, after 36 difficult days, somebody will be voted  out. We'll draw for spots, we'll get started. All right, everybody take your  spot. We're going to be standing between your colors with your arms behind  your back. Everybody niece place. This challenge is on and we're going to get  started right away by lowering you. Hands behind your back, it's going to be  tough and you've got to be tenacious to get it done. I know that i've clearly  been on the outs from the beginning. It's definitely my turn to go home  tonight if i don't win.  Jeff: All right, we'll just get you warmed up.  This already sucks.  Jeff: Really? This challenge is designed to test your will. This is it. If  you fall into that water, you want to do it because you could not hold on any  longer. We're going lower you a little more. Everybody feeling it now.  Cochran starting to slip.  I'm not going to be jumping out of this challenge. I want to win it but if Eddie  wins immunity it's going to be a pretty stressful day at camp.  You go first, buddy.  Jeff: Eddy is this a battle between who's going to go in first, you and Cochran?   No, i'm pretty much at the point where if i don't win i go home.  Jeff: Cochran cannot hang on any longer. Cochran first person out of the  challenge. We're down to five. Time to lower you again. Eddie now really  struggling. Trying to hang in there. After 36 days, Eddie drops out of a  challenge that might do him in. Erik drops out, only the women remain. We are  down to three: Dawn, Sherri, and Brenda. Part of this challenge at this point  is not letting anyone else know how you're really feeling. Sherri struggling  to do that.  Can't do it. And Sherri is now out of the challenge.  I don't want to sit here all day, do you?  I haven't had one. I'll share.  Jeff: What's the argument, sdmaun  i'm just saying i don't want to go for four hours and i haven't won immunity  and Eddie's out.  Jeff: Wait, you guys are going to strike a deal.  No.  No, i'm saying like three four hour thing.  Jeff: So, Dawn, the case you just tried to make it Eddie's out, let's just  vote him out, you're safe, you've won immunity let me have the experience.  Yes. But that's okay. I know Brenda wants to challenge herself and i respect  it.  Jeff: Down to two. The Dawn on one end, Brenda on the other. Going to lower  you a little closer to the water. Here we go. Both women way out there. Both  women fighting that grip, trying to hold on, keep that blood pumping through  there. This is it. The two women who did not spend time with their loved ones  battling it out.  Yes! Just like that Brenda cannot hang on. Dawn wins immunity and is  guaranteed a spot in the final five!  That was close.  All right, Dawn, come on over. (applause) for the first time in her "Survivor"  career, Dawn is wearing the immunity necklace. Dawn is safe after 36 days in  this game. You will live to say day 37. You have a spot in the final five.  Unfortunately Eddie, Cochran, Brenda, Erik, Sherri, one of you going home  tonight. Grab your stuff, head back to camp, see you tonight at tribal,  congrats.  Thank you! Yay!  I never, ever want to be that person that jumps into the water that gives up  immunity. If that was Eddie up there i would have hung on a lot longer. But  someone as paranoid as Dawn, got to keep her happy, jumped in the water. It  was all good. That felt good.  The whole challenge today was to make sure Eddie didn't win immunity and as  soon as Eddie jumped in the water it was like glee all over my face. I have  to work on that because i felt bad showing how happy i was  my arms feel like spaghetti.  I think it's a straightforward vote tonight. Eddie's going home and after Eddie  the plan is to take out Cochran. In my head it's the perfect plan if we can  just stick to it everything will go amazing. This is extremely  straightforward. I know it.  Yup.  Right?  Yup.  If i had my pick between Eddie and Brenda, personally i'd like to have Brenda  go. I think it's a great move that benefits me and even indirectly benefits Dawn  and Sherri. But i'm thinking, okay, the problem with that is that everybody  is so gung-ho about getting Eddie out. It's a foregone conclusion when we got  back to camp so i thought this is going to be a pretty hard sell. Some the good  news is we've guaranteed ourselves final four. Like, you realize that, right?   Yes. Absolutely.  I don't know about tonight. I'm running through it.  Can i guess what your scenario is going to be?  Sure.  Blind side Brenda tonight.  Yeah.  Because she'd never see it coming. I was already there.  It is the perfect move because tonight is the perfect night to make it. If Brenda  had one more day in this game she could upset everything. There are only a  few days left. She could go on a winning streak win at the final tribal  council, i'm making sure that doesn't happen. Brenda is a big threat.  Agreed and we know she's --  she hasn't betrayed a single person, she allowed people to see their loved  ones, she won immunity.  So let's say that leaves Eddie and Eddie wins the last challenge and then  we're left at kind of the mercy of Eddie's decision making on who goes to the  end.  You think Eddie staying in the game is a big threat?  There is a part of me that my gut tells me Brenda's kind of stay the course.  Everything's fallen into place so i'm guessing in her mind she's thinking Eddie  came down today, next will be either Sherri or Cochran. She's not married to  it. I mean, we knew it was going to get hard you know? I'm still locked to  you but i didn't play my own game last time so i'm trying to and it's just  hard. This is a point where there's a fork. The worst-case scenario is we  take Eddie out tonight like we say and we deal with this exact same thing  tomorrow, right?  Okay, we can stick with Eddie then.  There is the kind of the part where it's so easy to get rid of Brenda it's  tantalizing.  Agreed. Originally i thought vote out Eddie but Brenda is the biggest  strategic threat in this game to win it and my approach all along had been to  take out the biggest strategic threat and i know she doesn't have immunity  and i know she's not expecting it and i know it will only take three votes to  get her to go home tonight.  What i feel like is maybe i'm a little bit swayed by Cochran's emotion and  last time i left my game a little bit in his hands and he controlled it and i  went home before him and i don't want to do that this time. I'm really  confused.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Mike, Phillip, Malcolm, Reynold  and Andrea voted out at the last tribal council. So, Dawn, wearing the  immunity necklace for the first time after all the days you've played this  this game, how does it feel?  Yeah, it feels good come to tribal council and just breathe and just not  worry so much. I'm glad to be safe but more than anything it was a feeling of  i did that, i trained for this game and i came and did something it's like a  bucketless thing.  Brenda, what's the feeling where you know i'm at my end and there's only one  person left?  In this case it was okay because it was Dawn. I wanted her to win it versus  me just jumping off and i thought i've got five more minutes max on this  thing and then i fell off.  Jeff: So Eddie, on the other side you felt the pressure-- as you have going  back to day one-- but you needed to win.  Absolutely. If i didn't win i was probably packing my bags for the last time  at tribal council.  Jeff: And yet how many times have you said that at tribal?  Yeah, i know, kind of like a broken record. But my amigo fuse is running a  little bit short.  Jeff: So there was another big event. Finally the loved ones. Brenda gets to  the loved one challenge and you win and you're faced with a big dilemma.  To just think wow, my God, i'm standing next to my dad and then my sister is  here and then the dilemma comes. It was either two of us or four of them and  it was a no-brainer. It was hard and easy at the same time.  Dawn, does a gesture from Brenda buy her anything in this game?  I think it does buy her something. Everything was really happy. I would they  the long-term on that is going to benefit her in the game.  Jeff: Sherri would you agree with that?  Definite lift serve looking to Brenda as a saint and you couldn't do anything  to her right now.  Jeff:, Cochran, on one hand there's an easy vote tonight. It's Eddie. But  nothing about this season had been easy or predictable.  Yeah, Eddie is an easy vote but the easy vote isn't always the smartest vote.  It's about weighing short-term gratification versus long-term benefits and  that's a constant struggle in this game.  Jeff: So, Eddie, what are the odds tonight that you survive?  I really think this is the final sendoff for myself but i've so come to terms  with it already. One thing after another has been even more unbelievable than  the last and i'm going to be forever grateful to everybody here. I've had the  best time. I really have. I've had the best time here.  Jeff: All right. Dawn is not going home. Eddie is pretty sure he is going  home. (laughter) let's find out what is going to happen. It is time to vote.  Cochran, you're up.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it now would be the time to do so. Okay, once the votes are  read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Eddie.  Eddie. Two votes Eddie. Erik. Two votes Eddie; one vote Erik. Brenda. Brenda.  We're tied. Two votes Brenda; two votes Eddie, one vote Erik, one voigt left.  15th person voted out and the sixth member of our jury, Brenda.  I knew it.  You need to bring me your torch.  I was lon west you guys, i was genuine with you guys.  Brenda, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  It hurts.  Jeff: Well, you've made it to the final five. You have three days left in  this game and if the first 36 are any indication it's going to be a crazy  finish. Grab your torches, head back to camp. Good night. Captioning brought  to you by Survivor productions, cbs, captioned by media access group at wgbh  access.wgbh.org  jeff: Next time on "Survivor" -- with only three days left -- in  what has been a completely unpredictable season the final five put it all on  the line.  It's my game to lose.  Jeff: Until one Survivor goes down.  This game just got rocked again. Tune in sunday, may 12. (sobbing) i'm just  crying because it was -- i'm in shock. I think the reason it hurts so much is  that i was hesitant to lie to people. I was so true to Dawn. Oh, my God, it  just hurts so much right now.