<br/>jeff: Previously on "Survivor." after the merge, Malcolm, Reynold,  and Eddie found themselves on the outside of stealth "r" us,an  unbreakable alliance of seven led by Phillip. But they were gaining  confidence and were ready to make a big move.  I still have an idol. I'm not going down without some fireworks.  Jeff: Phillip, the leader of stealth "r" us, was also confident.  I feel like i just might have a shot of winning.  Jeff: He had a strong alliance and believed nothing could get in their way.  One of the beauties of being the numbers 7-3 is that it doesn't Matter. One  of those three are going to go home.  Stealth!  Jeff: At the immunity challenge, Reynold found the strength to win. Reynold  wins immunity!  Jeff: And back at camp Malcolm found another hidden immunity idol.  Malcolm just found the idol.  Who cares? We got the numbers, babe.  Jeff: At tribal council, stealth "r" us thought they had an easy  vote.  Everyone's looking at Eddie because Malcolm happened upon the hidden immunity  idol.  Jeff: But it quickly turned into one of the craziest tribal council it is  game has ever seen.  This is the other immunity idol i've been hanging on to. I'm giving it to Eddie.  I had that one for a while. I just found the other one today. One of the  seven of this very tight group are going home.  Jeff: With the three amigos now in control, they tried to convince philip's  alliance to turn on him.  We'll just throw it out there. The three of us are voting for Phillip.  Phillip is the fun sponge, he sucks it out of the group.  Jeff: In the end, the only member of the stealth "r" us alliance to  change their vote was eric, but it was enough. Phillip, the tribe has spoken.   Thank you.  Jeff: Leaving stealth "r" us without its leader. Nine are left. Who  will be voted out tonight?  That was incredible.  It's nice to be able to say hi and talk to you guys.  Wow, yeah.  Going into it i was like this might not work out.  You guys thought we were trying to pull one over on you. We were just like it  is worth three immunities to us.  I really thought you were genuine.  With the execution of the specialist Phillip shepherd, i think stealth  "r" us hopefully is going to fracture.  Now i never have to use the phrase stealth "r" us ever again.  Thank goodness! (laughter)  if those six people stick together, i don't have a chance in this game. If i  knock off their leader, maybe one two will fracture and come to the dark side  with me and the three amigos.  There's not really anything i dislike about Phillip in this game except for  the fact that he can't fit his head and ego underneath the shelter. The  stability has been rocked out of the game. Like, the legs have been kicked  out under the chair of stealth "r" us and it opens me up to talking  with people that Phillip didn't want know talk to.  He was his own downfall.  I know.  The trick key part now is deciding when to vote with the three boys and when  to vote with the remaining favorites. And i enjoy that position because i can  choose at the last minute which option is better for eric.  I feel beat.  I feel whooped. I've never been this tired before. Day 29.  I've participated in and certainly viewed hundreds of tribal councils. Never  before have i seen anything quite like what happened last night at tribal  council. It left me breathless, it left me terrified. Today's been a pretty  rough day around camp. People are really hungry and spirits have been low and  it was driving everybody crazy. There aren't too many days of this left, or  days like this.  You okay? You want some water? What do you think? We've been through a lot.  The Brandon days, the swaps, the merge, the voting people out.  Huge surprises like last night's tribal council. Stuff like that scares me  because for the three guys to stay and then for us seven to look at each  other and be like one of us is going home it -- it threw a big thing in my  plan. So losing control of the game, it's terrifying. It's just when your  body is like --  i know. You've lost a lot of weight, too. Keep drinking. We've got to get  everybody drinking.  Really, how can we live off of water.  You can.  It's so depressing, you know? It's just a little hard with the emotions, the  food situation, the low energy and with that uncertainty of what these boys  are capable of.  Guys, we got some treemail.  I knew it! I knew it!  Yay! Come on!  What do we have? (ululating)  500 bucks in cash!  Oh, my God! We saw there were nine envelopes sitting there and i know what  that means as a "Survivor" fan. It means the food option is upon us  yup, 500 bucks in cash. Do you really need a little poem?  Negative! We're good.  We're going to an auction. Hallelujah, it could haven't come at a better time  because there is a chance that there's going to be some sort of big advantage  in the game offered up and, considering my position, i definitely is to consider  not spending any money on food today. I hate the thought of it, but  considering where i'm sitting right now i need all the help i can get.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! I see smiles already.  (laughs).  Jeff: Who doesn't love the "Survivor" auction?  My money!  Jeff: This morning in treemail you were each given $500 for the "Survivor"  auction. Bidding will be in $20 increments. No sharing of money. No sharing  of food. The auction will end without warning so don't mess around. Shall we  get to the first item?  Yes.  Yeah!  Jeff: First $20 gets it.  20!  Jeff: Malcolm!  That happened so fast.  I've literally been prepping myself for hours, you're not going to eat. I  might have just shot myself in the foot for this game for a beer and some  nuts.  Jeff: In addition, two more beers, pretzels to go with it. Give it a try.  That is how you do it right there!  Good work!  Wow! Oh, my gosh! Your eyes are red already.  I know!  Jeff: Next item will remain covered.  $20.  $40.  $100.  Jeff: $100 to Dawn.  Jeff: 140.  $160.  Jeff: $160 for a blind item.  $180.  Jeff: $180 to Reynold. Going once, going twice. Sold to Reynold. Don't get  up. If you want, what you just bought for $180 you can trade for this. Or --  oh, my gosh!  Jeff: You can trade it for this. It's a monty hall thing. You're always  supposed to switch.  Jeff: I don't trust you, Cochran.  Jeff: Three choices.  My gut is telling me to stick with the initial one.  Jeff: You bought this item?  Yeah.  Jeff: Come on up.  Jeff: You want the good news or the bad news?  The good news.  Jeff: The good news is you did not buy a rotten coconut.  All right!  Jeff: Here's what you bought. One slice of pizza for $180. This is what you  gave up.  Oh, my gosh!  Jeff: The rest of the pizza.  $500 for the full pizza.  Jeff: Sold to sherry. $500 for the rest of the pizza. Take a little piece.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: So, Sherri, you didn't even think that there might be something else  down the road?  I don't care.  Jeff: All right, $500. You're out of the auction.  I don't care.  Jeff: Go enjoy.  Thank you.  Jeff: Way to go, Sherri. I'll let you know what this one is.  $500!  Jeff: Wow!  Way to go, Dawn.  Jeff: Sold to Dawn, roasted chicken, $500.  Thank you.  Jeff: Take a bite. She doesn't even want the utensils.  I thought it might be a bat. Can i just smell it? Oh, yeah!  Jeff: Next item. This is information in this game. $480.  Jeff: $480 to Malcolm. It will take $500 to get it. Going once, going twice,  sold to Malcolm $480. That is the rest of the money you have. You're going to  have 60 seconds to look at this.  Okay.  Jeff: In private right here.  I got 60 seconds to read an idol clue. It was pretty much directions to where  there's a buried hidden immunity idol. There's no way without this clue this  idol is going to be found. It's got to be somewhere towards the well and i  need all the help i can get.  Jeff: That's it. $480 for information in the game. I hope it was worth it.  Next item will remain covered.  $100.  Jeff: Brenda just jumps right to a hundred.  Jeff: $200.  Jeff: Andrea $200 which annoys Brenda.  It's just that i don't want to take the risk and i don't want to lose money  if someone else has more money and then i get, like, stuck with something  bad.  Jeff: It's tough out here. There is no certainty in this game. $260.  $280.  Jeff: Andrea has it at $280. Going once. Going twice, sold. Andrea.  Uh-oh.  Jeff: $280 for this. (cheers and applause)  yay!  She got wine!  Wow, good for you.  Jeff: And you have a dilemma.  Oh, no.  Jeff: It is a beautiful meal clearly worth $280. If you're willing to give  this up, you can take back for the tribe rice and beans.  Oh, my gosh.  Oh, my God!  Jeff: And now the dilemma is there's a group of people back there starving  back at camp.  Oh, Andrea --  i'll take this.  Jeff: You're giving it up for the tribe?  Oh, my God!  Thank you, Andrea.  Andrea, you're a saint!  Oh, my God, thank you.  Jeff: Next item, this is an advantage in the next immunity challenge.  Oh!  $300.  Jeff: $300 to Reynold.  $320.  Jeff: $320 to Brenda.  $340.  Jeff: $340 to Cochran. Going once, going twice. Sold to Cochran. Come on up!  This note is sealed. Keep it sealed until the next immunity challenge.  Okay, will do.  Jeff: All right, good luck.  Atta boy, Cochran.  Jeff: Next item will remain covered.  $300.  Oh, okay, go.  Jeff: Brenda jumps to $300 out of the gate. Going once, going twice sold to Brenda  for $300. Your whole dilemma in this challenge has been whether or not i take  a risk. $300 bought you pig brain.  Okay. Ironically, i don't feel like crying right now, which is weird.  Jeff: Do you want to try it?  I just remembered that i don't eat pork.  Jeff: You're eating the brain of a pig.  It's good for you, right?  Jeff: I have no idea. This is an easy one. I have letters from your loved  ones. They will be sold to anybody who wants it for $20.  $20!  $20!  No money, no loved one letters for Malcolm, Sherri or Dawn.  I just paid $500 for a chicken and i could have had letters for $20. That's  crazy.  Jeff: Dawn, you're already in tears.  It's all good. I'll talk to them in ten days. (sobs)  i'm not crying but i feel the way they feel right now.  Jeff: Hand them out, thank you. You guys can take these back to camp and read  them once you get there. This item will remain covered and it comes with a  twist.  $180. That's all i got.  Jeff: $180 0-to Brenda.  $200.  Jeff: Eddie put an end to Brenda's dream with a bid of $200. Going once,  going twice. Sold to Eddie, come on up. Here's the twist: The item Eddie just  bought is to be shared by the entire tribe.  Wow! It's a giant jar of peanut butter.  Oh, my God!  Jeff: Just give it a try.  How did you get that in there?  Unbelievable!  Jeff: You will have 60 seconds to share this with everybody. Anything on your  face, your hands can go back with you, anything left in the bowl stays.  Get the water out, boys, it's sticky.  Jeff: Time starts now.  Oh, my God!  I'll scoop up stuff at the end. Did you see that?  Jeff: Cochran, how often does that happen?  More often than you think.  Jeff: And the "Survivor" auction is over.  Jeff: .  Malcolm bought a clue which was most likely for where the location of the  idol is and people are psyched out by last tribal council even though there's  only three of them, maybe they're going to pull some crazy thing. And because  they've got that arrogance they can give a sense of no Matter what they do  we'll outplay them. We'll outwit them. So go with us.  We can eat three times a day.  Our quality of life just changed 1,000%. After the auction we went from being  absolutely morose to now, like, everyone's well fed. We have plenty of  provisions to get through the rest of the game and my alliance has an idol  clue. It's a 180-degree turn.  You guys want to read your letters?  Yeah, Andrea said she wanted to do that, too. We can all sit together.  I can't wait. I feel like i'm on top of the world right now. I have letters  from home. I woke up this morning thinking "i'll give anything for a  pizza. I'd give anything for a hamburger." my mom, my mom, my mom. And  when this came out it was like, that's it. That's all i want. So much encouragement  and so much love. This is all that Matters.  It's all good, huh? Good.  This is why i'm out here. For these people. I'll do anything for them.  You okay over there, Cochran.  Yeah, i'm good.  You're just emotional.  Yeah, which is surprising for me.  I know, i remember last time.  I've been trying hard to play this emotionless game this time, just be a game  bot who runs through strategy. And getting letters from home makes you  realize there is life outside the game and thing i have more than this game.  And part of me is a little bit happy that i'm still the person who values  family and love and i guess the things that are really important. I feel like  an idiot, though.  Jeffwhy?  I don't know.  Oh, my gosh, stop. It's a big deal. 28 days without hearing from your family.   It's good, man, it means you're human.  You're hanging tough there, girl. You haven't gotten anything decent to eat  of substance in --  29 days.  That's insane. Keep hanging tough, and stick with us.  You better put something out your butt, good.  If we have Erik and we had you, that's a majority.  It's guarantee to the final five.  Malcolm has the clue for the hidden immunity and everybody's paranoid because  if they're constantly winning and have hidden immunity idols you start  feeling they're unbeatable. So if you can't beat them, join them.  We're going to win personal immunities and have the idols.  I know. I know this.  So we could guarantee you worst case fifth and we want you.  First round draft pick.  We need to talk.  Not right now, though.  Uh-huh.  They still have us outnumbered 6-3. But if we have Erik and Sherri, we are  the majority.  Think we'll be able to get them?  Yeah, let me deal with it. You deal with Erik, i'll deal with Sherri.  We need to knock out Cochran. If we knock out strategic power players that  alliance is completely busted.  I'm still trying to stick around. Making it just a couple more days in this  game can change the game. The idol clue said if you walk toward the water--  which i'm assuming means the well-- you have to look to your left and there's  going to be a tree growing out of the rocks and somewhere around the base six  inches deep is a buried hidden immunity idol. So i've got a little bit of  digging to do and hopefully i'll have my third idol in this game. At this  point any power that i can get in my corner is going to be necessary to  ensuring i stick around. Morning.  Oh, hey. I love the smell of fresh dirt.  Yeah, me, too.  Went over and started digging for the idol and got busted by Andrea. She saw  me checking out a few other conspicuous rocks and large trees. It's a weird  situation.  I have to go to the bathroom, i'm sorry.  That's okay. I'm just going to relax.  I'll see you soon.  This morning i woke up and Malcolm is already stirring and it's still dark  and i followed them to the well and i find him digging at this tree and then  i decided to just sit here because i know that if f there's an idol it's  probably me going home because my name has come already and so it was a  showdown. Is this a standoff?  You're just going to sit here?  I'm just going to come back later. Are you going to follow me around all day?  Are you not leaving?  I was going to stay here. I mean, you can do what you need to do, like, i'm  not going to disturb anything.  If i leave, are you leaving with me?  I'll go back with you.  Right now?  Well i can't -- yeah. You're like a little sister i can't get rid of.  (laughs)  okay, let's go. Same time tomorrow morning.  Yeah, i'll see you here. Hopefully. Andrea, she's a smart girl, she's not  going to give me a second to dig. I feel like a bit of an idiot. $480 down  the drain. A million dollars down the drain, maybe.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: First things first. Reynold, got to take it back.  All right.  Jeff: Thank you. Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's  challenge, you're going to hold on to a rope that is connected to a very  heavy log. At regular intervals you will move one knot lower on the rope,  making the weight more difficult to bear. When you drop your rope, you're out  of the challenge. Last person left standing womens impunity, will go into  tribal council safe and guaranteed a 1-8 shot at winning this game. Everybody  else vulnerable. Somebody will be going home tonight. Cochran, at the auction  you bought an advantage. Go ahead and open it up and read it to the group.  "at any point in the immunity challenge you may move your hand up two  knots, giving you a significant advantage." i need to win today really  badly, but Cochran got a game advantage but Cochran is by no means any type  of physical threat whatsoever so i feel very optimistic.  Jeff: All right, everybody take your spots, we'll get started. All right,  here we go. Decide which hand you want to start holding with and i'm going to  count you in. Three, two, one. This challenge is officially on. Everybody  here is holding one-third of the body weight that you started this game with.  You're going to be in this spot for five minutes then we'll move down another  knot. Here we go. Start making that ran the seugs. We're going to move down  to the second knot. Everybody looking good. All right. We're going to muff  one more knot down now. Make your move.  I'm using my advantage.  Jeff: Okay. Cochran has elected to take his two-knot advantage and use it now  which means Cochran moves back up to the top of the rope. Everybody else is  holding a lot more weight than he is. You're going to keep dropping down  every five minutes. We're going to move down one more knot now. All right,  everybody make your move. One more knot down. Here we go. Everybody move down  one more knot. This is the last knot you have to hold on to. After this round  it will just be a little piece of rope. Now it's getting very heavy. Brenda  steps off and is the first one out. We're down to eight. Erik drops out of  the challenge. We are now down to seven. You saw how quickly it can be over.  Dig! You've been out here 30 days. You do not want to go home tonight. Dawn's  struggling to stay in it. Keep digging, Dawn. Less than a minute left in this  round. Five, four, three, two, one. Here we go. We're going to move down to  the next position on the rope in this last round. There will be no knot  underneath you. Now it's just rope-- except for Cochran. That two-knot  advantage coming into play. Sherri can't do it. Sherri's out of the  challenge. We're down to six. Just like that, Malcolm's out of the challenge.  We are now down to five. The sun makes you sweat, that sweat makes the rope  slippery. As Andrea's finding out right now. She can't hold on any longer.  We're down to four.  This is hard!  Jeff: Come on, Dawn! Dig, woman! Reynold, keep digging, Cochran, hang in  there.  Yeah, baby!  Jeff: Eddie, you've been through much tougher, brother.  Oh, mother!  Jeff: Dawn really digging! Dawn cannot hang on any longer.  Nice job, Dawn.  Jeff: Great effort but Dawn is out and we're down to three guys. Reynold on  one end, Eddie on the other, congress flan the middle.  Uh-oh.  Jeff: Reynold's starting to slip. Muscles twitching. Reynold is out. We are  down to two. It is a showdown! Cochran and Eddie -- you can hold on.  I'm trying. My hand's not --  jeff: Cochran has a two knot advantage. He's got something to hold on to.  Eddie doesn't. You both need to dig!  Focus, just focus. Eddie starting to slip. He's got to hang on.  Hold it, Eddie.  Jeff: He can not! Eddie's out. Cochran wins immunity!  Cochran!  Wow.  Oh, my God!  Jeff: Cochran, come on over. (applause)  Cochran, way to go.  Jeff: You even got a victory run it just hasn't lost its thrill.  Jeff: Cochran with his second individual immunity win safe tonight at tribal  council, guaranteed a 1-8 shot at winning this game. For the rest of you,  somebody going home tonight. Grab your stuff, head back to camp, see you at  tribal. Congrats.  Cochran's safe for another day so i'd like to think i've infused some sort of  revolutionary spirit in these guys and they'll realize at nine the three of  us can be help to somebody trying to shake things up.  Jeff: I am the greater challenger in "Survivor" caramoan. I'm  demolishing everybody. I've won half the individual immunity challenges. I'm  the guy that was screamed at after every challenge i played because i'm such  a liability, i suck at challenges, i'm weak. But now i am the biggest  challenge threat in this game and i don't care if it makes me a threat. I'm  just going to keep winning.  I'm nervous. Idols drive you crazy out here. I found two without clues and  now i can't find the one that i paid $480 for a clue to and i can't go look  for it because i'll just be hounded by the girls. They'll start digging  around me literally. I've just got to bluff my way through this basically.  We need them to think we're playing an idol.  Did you get it.  No.  We can't let them vote six. They have to be convinced we're going to play the  idol today.  If the favorites go a split vote, that's the best-case scenario because i  believe we've got Sherri and if i have Sherri and they split the vote no Matter  how they play it, 3-3, we're good with four votes. I trust you and i like you  so they have to split the vote because i got the idol.  You have one idol?  So no Matter what they have to split the vote or else i can play that thing.  Are we going to make a deal or not, sorry? I'll go to the end with you right  now. I'm telling you.  But you're going to have to get rid of one of them.  I know.  I think i want to play with the muscle heads because i think the muscle heads  are going to keep winning the challenges. But then i flip and i go, but Cochran  won one today. But Cochran won one because he has an advantage.  Erik?  He's over there talking.  No but he's going to be five.  If you're with us that's good as long as they know i have an idol.  Who are we going to go for? I need to know the name.  Andrea.  Swear to me.  Pinkie?  If we're four with you, we're on our way.  You can take down anybody you want.  I mean, i don't care who it is as long as it's not one of the four of us.  If they're going to split the vote 3-3, assuming 3-3, me being one of the  three in that.  Right.  I'll vote with you guys.  Okay.  And it will be four.  Cool.  There are two alliances which are the three boys of Malcolm, Eddie and Reynold  and then the five favorites and Sherri on the other side. I need to know as  much information as possible. So i have to keep playing both sides which i'm  excited about but at the same time i'm terrified.  I trust you. It's just a big vote.  I know it's a big vote.  Because if someone swings.  But we've not going to flip because everybody's solid.  I put all my trust in you.  I know. We all are.  I know. I know.  If i didn't have diarrhea i wouldn't be so nervous. It's just that i'm putting  my whole game in with you.  Dawn, i know! This is the biggest decision for me today. There's a fork in  the road, you can't go back after this. I have to keep playing like i'm going  both ways at the same time all the way up until the vote. All the way up  until i know the name i'm about to write down and it might even change at  tribal council.  What's the vote tonight? Guys and you vote for Malcolm.  Girls vote Reynold. No idols played. Malcolm goes home.  I'd love for Malcolm to go home.  You guys are all really comfortable with splitting?  Part of me thinks that why wouldn't you just do a straight vote on somebody?  Why would we? Malcolm has the --  yeah, but they'll still play it if we're doing a straight vote.  That's my point.  It's safe if it's split. You know what i mean?  Well, it's disastrous if it's split and something goes wrong with the split.  Right.  The only suspicious is that maybe Erik casting the Phillip vote. But what  would be the point of doing that.  Yeah.  If all goes as planned my alliance is going to vote with me. But all it takes  is one person to flip. It's hard! I mean, you know, putting your faith into  these people that, you know, as much as i think that Erik's telling the truth  i don't know if he has a different agenda. Like, if he wants to come to this  game and say "i got fooled by a girl the first time, why don't i just  flip with the guys?" i think Erik's with us. I mean, i don't think Erik's  dumb enough to switch over right now. You know, how dumb would you be to do  that?  Six favorites, three amigos. Neither side realizes this is my game right now.  I'm the one calling the shots. They don't get it.  I want to talk to you for a second.  Okay.  What's going on? I kind of want him to think i don't realize i have this much  power. As of this moment right now i'm torn of who i'm going with.  I'll now bring in the members of our jury. Michael and Phillip voted out at  the last tribal council. Lots to talk about, Reynold, did the last tribal  council and everything that went on shake anything up?  I think Phillip's departure marked a new chapter in the game and i don't  necessarily see 6-3 anymore because in this game if you don't make moves you  might be doomed to be going home sooner than you thought.  Jeff: Andrea, a little unnerving when you hear one of the three guys who've  been on the outs say "not so sure it's 6-3 anymore."  that's something that makes me nervous. But anybody flipping at this point  would be pretty much dooming their game. If you're looking at Eddie, Malcolm,  and Reynold who are going to dominate every challenge --  jeff: So far Cochran's won 50%.  Okay, besides Cochran. They've made it clear that they're sticking together.  Jeff: But Sherri, the rationale could be i'm not getting to the end with the  six because i already feel like i'm on the bottom.  Absolutely that's crossed my mind. Who knows where i sit with the favorites?  Jeff: Dawn, does that concern you?  Yeah, i was actually like, oh, Sherri! I think that everybody feels  vulnerable and a lot of times you're making decisions because you're thinking  "it's me on the bottom. It's me on the bottom." and i think in Sherri's  case i hope she's not thinking she's on the bottom.  Jeff: Malcolm, at the auction you bought what was labeled information in the  game. Did you feel others wondering what that information was?  Yeah, it was a little crazy around camp, you know? It was my eyes only but  everyone here's curious. It was a fun day.  Jeff: Andrea, what was the speculation?  I think most of us thought this was a clue to the hidden immunity idol and  i'm 80% sure he has it.  Jeff: Dawn, why so much concern and fear around the idol?  Because they're getting played so often! I think it's just this  reintroduction. There's been a lot of them. You've been playing them.  We're making it rain.  They're working!  Jeff: How concerned are you that somebody within the six might be flipping  tonight?  Oh, yeah. I mean, it's tempting, oh, if i feel like i'm worried i should  trade up for a new alliance. We've seen it happen in other seasons of "Survivor."   jeff: So, Cochran, another option is somebody from this group flips and joins  Eddie, Malcolm, and Reynold.  Yeah, i mean, just hype hypothetically three votes Eddie, three votes mall  comm. Those guys are voting together as a threesome. That means all it takes  is one of the three of the six to jump over to that threesome and suddenly  they're a foursome, that's where things get exciting. And then they can kick  out whoever they want. And if that person who flipped over to the three, six  of those three, then it's 4-4 and it's a whole new game.  Jeff: So Andrea, how much fear does it put into you as you get ready to vote?   I'm nervous. I'm sure i'm being targeted tonight so there will probably be  votes going my way but i think it's important that you do trust the group of  people you're with.  Jeff: It's time to vote. Brenda, you're up.  I'm just hoping one of you three guys goes home.  I really hope you don't have that idol because voting you off would just be  so delicious it would be indescribably delicious. It would just be --  jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it now would be the time to do so. Once the votes are read the  decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal  council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Reynold. Malcolm.  Andrea. One vote each, Reynold, Malcolm, Andrea. Reynold, Malcolm. Andrea,  we're tied again. Two votes each for Reynold, Malcolm, and Andrea. Reynold,  that's three votes Reynold. Andrea, we're tied three votes Reynold, three  votes Andrea, two votes Malcolm, one vote left. Malcolm. We have a three-way  tie. All right, we're going to reload. Reynold, Malcolm and Andrea, you won't  vote. Everyone else you can only vote for one of those three. Erik, come grab  this. I'll go tally the votes. I'll read the votes. Malcolm. Malcolm.  Malcolm. 12th person voted out and the third member of our jury, Malcolm,  that's four, that's enough. You need to bring me your torch.  Oh, damn it.  Jeff: Malcolm, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  Best of luck, guys.  Bye, Malcolm!  .  See ya.  I need a drink!  Jeff: Well, Reynold and Eddie, you've been on the outside of this game since  day one and 30 days later nothing has changed. But you're still alive and  that's all that Matters for anybody tonight. Grab your torches, head back to  camp. Good night. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs,  captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  jeff: Next time on "Survivor" -- one person is walking out of here  with immunity. Reynold, the biggest threat in the game tries to hold on for  dear life. Reynold, another incredible recovery! But he's not the only one in  trouble.  Who do you think should go first? Brenda or Dawn?  I think today is the beginning of the end for the alliance of six.  You know what? It's been a great ride. I spent $480 on an idol clue and  didn't find the idol. I found two without paying and can't find the one i pay  for. Probably going get a little mocking after this but i wouldn't have  played it tonight anyways. I thought i was safe. It just shows you as soon as  you think you've figured it out you're going home and tonight was my time. I  got burned pretty bad.