<br/>jeff: Previously on "survivor"."  your behavior is not acceptable.  Shut up!  Jeff: While the fans camp was filled with disorder, the only thing coming  together was the couple's alliance.  We have this four with me, Eddie, Allie and hope.  Jeff: The favorites had a clear division-- Phillip's alliance,  stealthrus," was calling the shots.  He's treating people like garbage and i don't like that. You gotta cut the  head off the snake. Friggin' inspector imageet thought he could pull his  special agent trimch tricks but you don't want to fight with me.  Jeff: At the immunity challenge, favorites won easily. Favorites win immunity  and reward! With the fans facing tribal council, Reynold was vocal about  wanting Shamar off the island.  I'm going to vote for you tonight.  All right, then, so that's good, vote.  Jeff: But jerri had other plans.  You want you on our side. I want Shamar to keep annoying peemple because Shamar  is my Phillip.  Jeff: She recruited Shamar and tried to persuade the tribe to break up the  couples alliance.  I just need to make a decision and it's not going to be easy one.  Jeff: At tribal council Reynold revealed his idol.  Jeff, i'm holding the hidden immunity idol they found on island.  Jeff: But it didn't sway the tribe from voting out his closest ally. Second  person voted out of "fans vs. Favorites," Allie. You need to bring  me your torch. The tribe has spoken.  Good luck, you guys.  Jeff: 18 are left. Who will be voted out tonight.  That was crazy, i know that.  I was sweating it coming back to camp because i was the one that was at the  crossroads of the two alienlses. And it took maybe less than 30 seconds for  thoingz hit the fan.  We are not friend. But we need each other to win.  We do.  You need me to winl challenges.  Yup.  I have an idol and i'll ( bleep ) play it. I was good to hold it and use it  for the good of the tribe. I don't trust anyone here now. So game on.  I wanted to say how the game just started because i didn't get voted out  because your plan didn't work, now it's game on.  Shamar, it wasn't our plan, dude.  It was your plan. You all wrote my name down. So it was your plan.  Don't say, oh, now it's a game." i thought we were one happy family  because i didn't get voted out. Now it's like we can't be a family now,  right.  It wasn't my plan. You know who asked me?  I don't want know.  It wasn't one of my alliance.  He said, i'm voting for Shamar. And and he thought you weren't going to vote  for him.  Tribe right now is so dramatic. I hate it.  The camp is totally in chaos. You would think because i saved Shamar's as, he  would shut up.  I did not come at-- did i say it to you? Did i say it to you? Did i say it to  you?  I'm not here to argue with you, Shamar.  You know you're not arguing because you're ( bleep ) right now.  Shamar got more and more amped up, all the stuff that happened at tribal and  the days before and he was yell at everybody.  You're saying sorry now. That's how you feel. That's exactly what it is.  That's how you feel about yourself, and i'm strong and you know it.  Know that he has been through a hell of a lot more than the rest of us have  been. You know, he's had two tiewrtz in iraq.  I'm the only one who said that. Why didn't you say something to me! If i'm  not the only one! You just said i wasn't the only one who said it. Why are  you getting on me then?  At the same time, the part of Shamar that was fun has completely gone.  You were wrong! I wasn't talked to you! We're in a tight spot now, friendo.  We got our heads chopped off.  I know. Revenge of the nerds. We wee just had tribal council last night and  we pretty much got blind sided. I thought we were all on the same page about  voting Shamar off for not contributing to camp. Congratulations to them, they  got us.  I'm on the chopping block before you.  How are you before me?  It's probably a mass minority now.  Until Shamar pisses off somebody else today.  Shamar, you want a coconut?  No.  Everybody knows that Shamar is freeloading and being lazy. And i think Shamar  is going to step on too many people's toes on his own and they're going to be  like now is the time for him to go. I want him gone.  Today, do your best, absolute best, even if they get on your nerves,even if  you want to wring their necks, just keep your mouth shot.  They know they're on the chopping block. The next easy target is going to be  you because you're vocal.  I was the easy target before.  Because you're vocal.  I'm always going to be the easy target.  Exactly.  I'm not a quitter but these are childish, immature games--  that's part of this whole crazy game.  No, it's not.  It may not be your game but that's part of the game. You don't run across Shamars  every day but in my life i have come across people with that kind of  attitude. I own several franchises who everybody who works for me is under  the age of, say, 24, so that's all i do is deal with snotty, teenaged brats  all day so i think i'm the closest one who understands how he thinks out here  but he needs to shut up.  I understand it was a game but i'm going to keep sitting here and lying.  But they will.  But i can't do that.  But they will.  I'm over it. I don't really care. I can't do ( bleep ). This ain't my kind of  lifestyle, man. I'm just kind of feel like in this game, i'm like the black  sheep. I honestly came into this game really wanting the million dollars but  when i actually seen how people act, it's kind of like-- it's not really  worth it to me. That's where it's kind of disheartening. That's where i  question, you know, how much i should be in this game  i'm 54 years old. To be playing "survivor" again, i'm actually  having the time of my life right now. 54 is just a number. And to be honest  with you, in my daily life, i really know how to take care of myself. I  really know what i'm doing. I work out. For my age, to do what i do, it's  phenomenal. When i go to the gym now and i play four-court ball, i'm playing  with men half my age. And i have a little thing. I get a little rebound,  sprint to the corner with it. Double dribble. Go for it, one step back, all  air, baby. Playing with guys twice my height. Like they don't know what i'm  going to do out there. And they can't believe what i'm doing. "hey, man,  you're playing pro nba ball." not, you're just not used to the larry  bird. I'm old school.  What will we do when there's a switch and some people are left here do we  give them beans.  Andrea and Phillip have played together and have a connection, and Cochran  and Dawn have played together and have a connection so that really left Malcolm  and i and we gravitated towards each other.  There are a million places it could be. It's impossible.  It has to be near something. It has to be catfish. He's super smart. He went  to an ivy league school. And it doesn't hurt to have somebody good looking  around.  That's gross.  Reach around-- no way.  No!  Do you think it's a clue or do you think it's an idol? I'm so excited.  Congratulations, you found the hidden immunity idol. Finally i got some power  in myback pocket. * i got the idol nah-nah-nah *  we'll bury it.  I'm not thrilled Corinne knows i have the idol. Of course in a perfect world  i would have it all to myself but Corinne does know about it and she's  someone who luckily i did have a good relationship with early on this game.  Our wagons kind of hitched together because of this idol now. It's going to  work out very well or we're going to burn down quickly because she will not  go down without a fight.  Nobody joons nobody knows.  Done. Game, set, match.  What it does is, when the wind blows, it traps the air and makes like a  circular and it cools you.  Back at home, i'm waiting the whole week long for wednesday night to arrive  so i can turn on cbs and see what's in store. Can i sit in the magical seat,  phil?  Yes, you can sit in the seat. I crown you.  But when you're playing this game every single day is like wednesday night at  eight. It's wild. I get to watch "survivor" while i'm playing  "of "survivor." and for a "survivor" nut like me,  it's great. I don't know why people in this world don't do this.  Because they're not a specialist.  It's not normal for me to be surrounded by these beautiful women who are half  the time just wearing their underwear. That's some sort of freudian picnic, i  think, but it's real here.  It's a good thing that there's an idol between us because i don't know how  many people really want you to go to the very end.  Why are they, like, intensely talking?  I just don't get what their loyalties are.  I've learned from the last time i played that you have to always be thinking.  Even if you think you have a group, it's solild, there could be better  options and i really want Corinne out. I don't know where Malcolm is at, but  doesn't Corinne worry you?  Yes.  We have a six and let's just hang out and she's having so many one-on-one  intense conversations with everybody.  Her and Malcolm are remarkably close.  You saw them talking. What if we could get a unanimous vote. Us five are  close. You're close to Brandon, right.  Yes.  I don't think she'd make a move right now but i want to get her out of here  before sheik get rid of me. I think Corinne and Malcolm are really close.  You're thinking about the--  i definitely want want to do that.  I'm so glad you're on the same page as me. It's hard because i don't want to  talk to the wrong person too early and it gets back to Corinne that i'm  thinking about something, and then its target's on me.  We don't want you to be next to go, and if you stay with us, it could be  something.  I feel like this is a chance to actually, you know, be a part of something  actual legit now.  Would you do anything?  Anything. I'm not playing the same game i used to.  Corinne.  Any questions?  No. I'm good. I've been told that i'm safe. "you're safe, you're safe,  you're safe." but it's really sketchy because there's a voice in the  back of my head that says, "you've been done like this before. You've  been coaxed along to believe something that is not true."  don't say anything. It's hush-hush.  I think there's a lot of lying going on. They tell me, "hey, Brandon,  you're going out next." i'll pee in the rice. I'll pee in the beans.  I'll burn the shelter to the ground. I think i can handle it.  Good talk, though.  Good talk. Thank you, guys. Really appreciate your time. I'm going to try  150% each and every challenge, but if we lose and my efforts aren't good  enough for them to keep mean around, by God, i'm going to be-- there's going  to be hell to pay in camp.  My happiness is not worth a million. I'm not going to be the angry black man  on "survivor." it's not going to happen. It's just not. There's not  a lot of happy thoughts here. And it really sucks if i have to quit this  game, but it's, like, is not quitting not worth not being happy? And that's  where, you know, it's a no-brainer to me.  I mean, i know your decision is probably made up at this point. (  laughs."  but i just want you know that i'd love for you to stay.  Stop it, Laura!  Really, Shamar. I think because we're all such big fans of the show we were  all a little bit thrown back by the fact that Shamar would take it so far as  to quit.  After i came home from iraq, i had a very tough time adjusting to life  outside of the military. I was an alcoholic. And i had a lot of anger issues.  When i first came home, people were like even scared to be around me. Because  i was in that dark place, like people didn't know how i was going to react to  things. They didn't know what i was going to do. There was situations that  happened in iraq that, you know, it was hard for me to live with you know. I  watched suicide bombings in front of me. I seen my friends in body bags, and  i've just been in a lot of tight situations that i just can't forget about.  After some time, i learned to love myself, and i got out of that dark place.  I come here. I try to be a happy person. I try to uplift everybody. And  everything is Shamar's doing this. Shamar's doing that. Certain people  talking to me condescendingly and it's just putting me in the anger room. So  that's why i'm really leaving. It's just-- i want to get that happiness back  in my life.  I'm just scared Shamar you're going to look back and regret it.  Regret what? I know that it's not going to get request better.  I don't know what it's like over in iraq. I don't know how many people he  killed. I don't know why he's going to this dark place but i really believe  he's going to look back if he quits and-- he's not realizing what he's doing  to himself if he quits. I mean, the thing that sucks is if you decide to  leave and then we end up losing and have to go to tribal council, that we  have to then vote out somebody else.  That's the thing is that we'll be down two if you quit.  You're my ladies. I feel like in talking to you guys, and me saying, well, i  respect loyalty and loyalty means everything to me. And you guys have been  loyal to me. So i feel like i'd be doing you a disservice to just leave you  right now. Just when i know how loyal you have been on, and you guys actually  stuck up for me, so, i really respect that. And because of that i'll stay and  fight for you guys a few more days.  Thank you.  I had my hopes up a little bit that Shamar would quit, but deep down i knew  he wouldn't follow through itw it and he'd turn it into this, like, Shamar is  all about loyalty and made himself a hero for unquitting the game of  "survivor" that 50,000 people would line up for days just to get a  chance to play. I don't know. That's no her oak move in my book, but i'm just  going to play my game, and Shamar is just going to be one of the factors in  my game and i'm going to have to deal with it.  Whooo!  Jeff: Favorites getting your first look at the new tribe of fans. Allie voted  out at the last tribal council. You guys ready to get to today's immunity  challenge?  Yes!  Yes!  Let's do it.  Jeff: All right, Brandon, war cry or not, take it back. Once again, immunity  is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, both tribes will race out into  the water to a large bamboo cage. You'll climb over the cage and into the  water where you will find a very heavy chest. You must then untie the cage  door and drag the chest through the cage and all the way back to shore.  You'll then place the chest on a track and use a grappling ring to retrieve  three missing sections of track. You will then push your chest to the finish.  First tribe to get their chest on the finish platform wins immunity, is safe  from the vote. Losers go to tribal council, where somebody will be voted out.  In addition, you are playing for reward. Want to know what you're playing for.   Yes!  Yes, sir.  Jeff: Comfort.  Yes!  Chairs! ( applause )  hello!  Jeff: You have chairs, pillow and a blanket and you also have a tarp.  Yes!  Oh, man!  Jeff: All right, we are even up, 9-9. Give you a minute to strategize, we'll  get started. Here we go, for immunity and reward. Survivors ready? Go!  Everybody in the water. Some strong swims, or both tribes. And some  not-so-strong swimmers on both tribes. You can make your way up and over this  cage but you can't start working on the knots or start dragging the chest  until everybody's over Laura way back. She is on her own.  Come on, Laura!  Opening the door for the favorites and a big lead. Reynold going back to give  her a hand. &gt; jeff: A lot of tentativeness on both tribes right now. Favorites are all in.  Start working! Fans are all in. Start working! You have to untie the front  dispersant of the cage.  Somebody took the goggles. I wear contacts. I can't see.  Come on, guys!  Where's the goggles?  Jeff: Fans are through! Start dragging that chest! Favorites are falling  behind. Favorites now have released their cage. Both tribes are now dragging  their chest great work by the fans. They are moving en mass toward that  beach. Favorites still trying to get a system going favorites falling further  behind now.  Come on!  Jeff: It is very heavy. It takes all nine tribe members to lift this chest.  And just like that, the favorites have now caught up both tribes going with  the rolling method. It is too heavy to pick up.  One more roll.  Jeff: Both tribes have to get it on the track. Favorite goes first. Fans now  getting their on their track Malcolm is going to start tossing trying to grab  that piece of missing track. Just misses. Reynold trying to secure that first  piece of track for fans. Reynold has it. Everybody got to pull. Fans have  their first section to track. Favorites still looking for that first sec to  trap. Phillip now tossing for the favorites. You got it.  Jeff: Phillip has the first section for the favorites! Pull! Favorites have  their first section. Eddie now tossing for the fans. Eddie right there, just  can't do it. Both tribes now looking for that second section. Quickly, Malcolm  has the second section for the favorites. Favorites now in the lead.  One two, three!  Jeff: Go! Fans now trying to catch up. Shamar is now tossing. Shamar has the  second section for the fans. Go, fans! Go! Both tribes now looking for that  third and final section of track. It's Brandon and Eddie now in a showdown.  This is it right here. Brandon very close. Just missing for the favorite.  Eddie very close, can't do it.  You're too excited, man! Calm down!  Jeff: It has been back and forth in this challenge. And it's coming down to  one last toss.  Flip it.  Jeff: Brandon very close. Tries to flip it and just misses again. This can do  it for the fans if he can work it. Just misses again  easy, easy.  Jeff: Brandon is right on it. This could do it for the favorites right here.  Both guys very close.  Easy  pull!  Jeff: Brandon has it for the favorites! Eddie's got to pick up the pace right  now!  Oh!  Jeff: Just misses. Fans need to hook it right here to have any shot. That's  it. Favorites win immunity and reward! ( cheers ) well, this challenge was  neck and neck from the start but onto one tribe can win. Favorites,  congratulations. Come get your reward. Head back to camp. Enjoy the night  off. All right, fans. Got nothing for you except a date with me tonight at  tribal council where somebody will be the third person voted out of this  game. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. See you at tribal. Trying to pat  ourselves on the back in any way because we lost and we have to go to tribal  council now.  Yeah, and Shamar, i'm not discrediting--  don't talk to me. I said i have contact i need the goggles. You look at me  and kept going. That was disrespectful. I think that was disgusting.  If you needed goggles--  i said i needed goggles and you brought them down and you took them.  This isn't why we lost. You disgust me. You disgust me.  Shamar goes off in his stubborn Shamar way and curses me and calls me names.  He is less mature than my nephew grayson and my nephew is three. This guy is  ridiculous.  I know.  Just when i think he can't get any more childish and he does.  How much does she have to do for them to say enough is enough let's just vote  him out.  I'm here because people are going to start throwing my name out. I sucked at  today's challenge. I started doing backstroke in the wrong direction. It was  awful. The swimming part i just couldn't--  in this challenge, i blew it. I couldn't swim as fast as everybody else.  Frankly, it was pathetic, and i know it was, but that also means of the three  that are on the outs right now, we need to keep Reynold and Eddie as long as  possible to win some of these chalanges that's why tonight it should be hope.  If this game were about physical strength, they'd be looking at me.  Hope is a sweetheart, obviously, but it's not about that. Reynold is hard  core good in the challenges.  We need them.  You know what i'm saying? We need Eddie and Reynold.  Then they can give the idol to hope.  I don't trust her. Let's say we split votes between hope and Eddie and the  final vote, when we revote will be for hope do we want to say girls vote for  hope, boys vote for Eddie and make it simple? We have three girls, three  boys.  Boys are voting for Eddie. Girls are voting for hope. They're trying to flush  out the idol. So we need three Eddie, three hope. If they play the idol, then  the idol comes out. And we know where it is.  But then there are going to be three Eddie, three hope, and three me.  I am the one who is controlling Shamar. I'm keeping him calm.  All right, so i just vote for who?  Eddie.  I just need Shamar to keep his mouth shut until we one by one knock them out.  Reynold, Eddie and hope. Hopefully it's hope tonight.  It's not a good feeling roork right, when you know you didn't do anything  wrong but everybody wants to get you, right? I've been there. ( laughs )  yeah--  it's not the best feeling. I'm just trying to enjoy my last little moment.  You know, i'm concerned i'm on the chopping block tonight. Reynold is safe  because he has the idol. I can't see him giving up his idol because it's such  a risky move.  If it i was up to me, it would be different, i would take him out. But he has  that necklace. Trust me, i would much rather you stay. You're not 99% in the  hole. I'll be honest, i'm not voting for you tonight.  Well, i appreciate that. I feel like it's out of my control now.  You can always throw the vote. A different way. You could always vote for one  of those guys, you know? That's all i'm going to tell you. It depends on what  you want to do, which way you want to go. When hope came down to the water, i  kind of-- you know, i get along with her better than i get along with Eddie  and Reynold, so i naturally want her to stay, and so-- like i tried to give  her a hint on what would save her fate. After you see what happens you'll  understand what i'm saying. We're going to split the vote tonight between her  and Eddie, so i basically kind of said, like, all she has to do is vote under  Eddie to save herself. But i don't know if she's really going to take heed.  I talked to Shamar.  Uh-huh.  And he just made it sound like it was for sure the group had decide it was me  or Eddie going home.  Shamar told hope the plan that we're doing. And thee just came to me.  The entire plan.  Yep.  Now he is no longer in this game. He's just ( bleep ). Shamar drives me crazy  in every sense possible.  And couldn't believe that he blurbed what our plan was because i think he  doesn't care about the game. Shamar just told hope that-- our plan. Yup.  I can't believe it but i can believe it that Shamar just opened his mouth.  If he just told hope the plan he's not planning on voting with us, is he.  Shamar at this point i believe is a complete wild card.  Are you worried about Shamar not voting with us?  Yup.  Oh, my God, i'm scared. I'm in a pretty rough spot because if those three do  have the idol, i'm worried if something were to go wrong, it's probably my  name that's on the chopping block.  I can get Julia to vote Shamar tonight.  Right.  I can.  I'm really close to Julia.  Uh-huh.  There's three of you and there's two of us. That makes five.  Uh-huh.  And we just need five to get the vote. I'm absolutely in. To get Shamar  tonight.  Yup. If you can gawrnlt-- if you can get Julia, i'm on team Shamar. I'm going  to vote Shamar every day. Yeah. You know i want him out. This game has change  flaftd hour. The latest development which i have a really good feeling about  is that Shamar is going home. I can guarantee you three for Shamar. You have  to get the other two.  I'll talk to them.  Do it. It's going to be great. This could be epic, epic tribal council. Every  goes awry tonight i might have to pull some crazy moves with the idol but  hopefully we send Shamar packing tonight. It would be like christmas.  Jeff: So, Reynold, a lot was said at the last tribal council. Was there any  fallout when you guys got back to camp?  Yeah. I don't recall me doing so much yelling because i was confused. I was  shocked. I didn't know what happened. But i heard Shamar screaming from,  like, a kilometer away at everybody. I didn't know what tfs about but on i  was not surprised. It's par for the course for him.  Jeff: Shamar, once again on the hot seat, and all it surrounding your temper  or your attitude.  Well, it wasn't a kilometer away. I was yelling at him about him being upset  about his plan not working. I don't know, my name comes up with everything.  I'm like the scap scapegoat for everybody junk.  Jeff: Are you often misunderstood?  Not this much. These people put out certain perceptions. When you are dealing  with people who are lying --  who here has lied?  Reynold has lied.  Jeff, i don't know when i lied to Shamar because he has a policy where i'm  not athrowd talk to him.  But you still do it.  Jeff: Shamar, you told him, just don't talk to me.  But he still does it.  Jeff: It is a social game.  Eight social game and he's trying to play that aspect of the game oh, i'm  friendly to everybody and he doesn't want to talk to me. You know what i  mean? Don't play that game with me. I think you're an evil person. Just leave  me alone.  Jeff: Hope, what's your take on Shamar?  I spoke with Shamar today in the water, and he said it's 99% sure you're  going home tonight.  That is not true.  He said if i were you, i would turn on your friend because Reynold is not  going to give you the idol.  You said you were going home and i said that's not 99% true. Everybody here  is let's throw Shamar under the bus. I don't know why i come in smiling and  making jokes it's like to keep the heat off of me, just blame it on him. I  don't know, it is what it is.  Jeff: Matt what, is it about Shamar that he feels very picked on. He feels  like, "why me?"  i think Shamar gets a little carried away with his attitude, and seems to get  aggravated real easily. And i think his personality is just kind of rubbing  people in the tribe the wrong way.  Jeff: Julia, the entire time Matt was talking you were reliving a trauma just  shaking your head?  Yes, after the tribal council he felt attacked and wanted to justify what we  had said at tribal and he screamed at me again, again and again. "you're  weak. You're a weak personality and projecting it on to me."  jeff: Shamar, that did not happen, either?  No.  And that's the essence of the problem. People take what i say and embellish  them because they feel a certain way. And i can't do anything about that. You  know what i'm saying?  Jeff: So far just in a few minute, Shamar, you've had a beef with Julia, Matt,  hope, and Reynold.  And haven't talked to Sherri or Michael.  Ask them.  Jeff: Sherri, why is it this one guy is taking all the heat when he says,  "i'm not doing anything?"  okay, Shamar-- i've met lots of Shamars. I get Shamar. He just rubs them the  wrong way, and once you cross him, you just can't go back. And they crossed  him. In his mind, that's it.  That's exactly right.  Jeff: Okay, so, the other big thing going on in this tribe is what came out  at the last tribal council, and that's Reynold and hope and Eddie and Allie,  who was voted out, being this sort of foursome. So, hope, are you concerned  about tonight's vote?  Absolute. I mean, after last tribal i would say i would be next on the  chopping block.  Jeff: So if it's not you, who would you put the vote on honestly, i hate to  go back to Shamar but i just feel like he brings a lot of negative energy to  the tribe and i just don't really see it change thrag much. So...  Jeff: And, Eddie, concerned after the last tribal council that they look at  and you think he's flirting with hope. He's aligned with Reynold. He's too  charming, and he's too fit. We can't let him last.  Yeah, i mean, i absolutely feel like i have been wearing a target on my back  for quite some time now.  Jeff: Did you get votes last name time?  I did not get votes last time but Shamar has been trying to get me out since  day one which i have been doing to him. Shamar hate me as much as Reynold.  I'm not allowedded to talk to him at camp.  Jeff: You're on the no-talking list.  The reason i put you on the no-talking list is you're a follower to the real  person i don't like. So that's it.  Jeff: Reynold, how big a factor is the idol. Last tribal you were very open--  "here it is, i'm going to play it tonight, and "and psyche you  didn't play it.  Yeah, it's going to be a poker game from here until it's eventually played  pour i get voted out or what have you. It's a poker game.  Jeff: With that, it is time to vote. Michael, you're up.  Thanks for serving our country. Good luck  jeff: I'll go tally thevotes. If anybody has the hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay, once the votes are  read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Shamar.  Hope. Shamar. Hope. We're tied, two votes sham atwo votes hope. Shamar. Three  votes Shamar. Hope. Tied again. Three votes Shamar, three votes hope. Eddie.  That's three votes Shamar, three votes hope, one vote Eddie. Eddie. That's  three votes sham three votes hope, two votes Eddie, one vote left. Eddie. We  have a three-way tie. All right, this is what's going to happen. We're going  to revote. You can only vote for hope, Eddie, or Shamar, and hope, Eddie, and  Shamar, you will not vote. Michael, if you're take this  jeff: I'll go tally the votes.  Oh, man.  Jeff: Once the votes are read, the decision is final. Person voted out will  be asked to leave the tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes.  First vote. Shamar. Hope. Hope. That's two votes hope, one vote Shamar. Hope.  That's three votes hope, one vote Shamar. Third person voted out of  "survivor: Fans versus favorite," hope, that's four, that's enough.  You need to bring me your torch. Hope, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to  go. Well, there are two ways to look at tonight's tribal council. One as a  sign of what's to come, more dysfunction. Or, two, as an opportunity to change  your story. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good captioning brought to  you by survivor productions, cbs, captioned by media access group at wgbh  access.wgbh.org  jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "survivor"."  where do you think we're going to go from here now?  Jeff: The fans think they've hit rock bottom.  Didn't you say i want the strongest team possible.  Yes, i said that! Yes, i said that!  Jeff: But nature proves them wrong.  Hurricane. Now the rats.  You know, i'm really, really disappointed. I definitely think that, you know,  i should have stayed out here longer. I thought i was a strong player. And i  feel like i'm leaving before my time, but i will say that this has been an  incredible, once-in-a-lifetime experience.  And feel really grateful, you know, for having the opportunity.