<br/>jeff: Previously on "survivor," at the fans camp, everything was  upside down. The strong were on the bottom.  In a tight spot now.  I thought we were on the same page about voting Shamar off. &gt;con tkpwrats  to them, they got us.  Jeff: While the alliance of the weak controlled the game.  It's revenge of the nerds.  Jeff: What they couldn't control was their ally Shamar.  I'm not a quitter but these are childish, immature games.  Jeff: He threatened to quit.  I come here and everything is Shamar's doing this, Shamar's doing that.  Jeff: But Sherri and Laura convinced him to stay.  We'll be down two if you quit. Loyalty means everything to me. I'll stay and  fight.  Jeff: At the favorites camp, everything was working out.  All i need is an audience.  Jeff: Spirits were high.  Every single second is like wednesday night at 8:00. That's what i love!  Jeff: Malcolm and corrine found the hidden immunity idol.  Finally i got power in my back pocket. I gotten a idol!  Jeff: At the immunity challenge, Laura struggled. Laura way back opening the  door to the favorites. And the fans lost their second challenge in a row.  Favorites win immunity and reward! Facing tribal council, Laura convinced Reynold  that the tribe was voting for Shamar again.  I'm absolutely in to get Shamar tonight.  The latest development which i have a good feeling about is that Shamar is  going home.  Jeff: But for the second tribal council in a row, Shamar was spared. Third person  voted out of "survivor" fans versus favorites. And Eddie and Reynold  were doomed. Hope, the tribe is spoken. 17 are left. 17 are left. Who will be  voted out tonight? Who will be voted out tonight?  Let me ask one question real quick: Where do you think we're going to go from  here now? You can vote me out next and Reynold after that.  Where did you think we were going to go?  He didn't vote the way you wanted to do it --  did you not say i want the strongest team stphobl.  Yes, i said that! You're asking like a mad man! Calm down.  Why is she still sitting here?  We got rid of hope because she was the prettiest won here and she was a  threat to everybody because of that. Laura can't lift 20 pounds, she's the  weakest link on our team. I don't care too much for any of these people.  You made me look like the biggest idiot ever.  That's because i didn't go along with your plan.  It was your plan! You said please help me, vote for Shamar.  It's part of the freaking game!  I don't want to be associated with you guys. I have no respect for any of  you.  Wait until you vote off me and Reynold.  We're not winning with you guys!  Now it's pretty much over for Eddie and i. Our backs are up against the wall.  I have the immunity idol, that will protect me but Eddie could will protect me  but Eddie could be screwed. Be screwed.  As the specialist, one of the things you have to do-- and napoleon knew this  when he went to waterloo-- he couldn't pay his troops so he'd give them names  and honor. It meant you were a person who was loyal. In the case of Brandon,  i've come up with a name, but not for the reason that i would normally do it.  It's just to give him a sense that he belongs and hopefully be able to, as we  say in the business, contain the threat. I want to say i'm very impressed  with your work effort. You've got what it takes to be officially a member of  stealth "r" us.  [laughs]  all the rights and privileges thereof.  Oh, my God, dude, are you kidding me?  You have a new name. Your stealth "r" us name is "the  conqueror." that.  That sounds pretty bad ass.  Every single challenge we've participated in you've conquered. That's why you  got that name.  Thank you, brother. Let's get a hug, man. It took me nine days of kissing  butt to infiltrate special agent Phillip's alliance. Supposedly Phillip is  supposed to be able to discern who's lying to him. I'm lying to him! This  agent sucks bad!  Well, i've given you a name. The silent one. Principal responsibilities is to  collect information, share it with the appropriate party.  Gotcha.  It kind of makes me upset that Phillip gives people not in our alliance a  name. He gave Brandon a name. Okay, i like that idea, actually. I wish he  would have came to me first but i like that Brandon has a name. But then Phillip  gives Erik a name. Are we going to give Brenda a name? Seriously.  Congratulations on being an official member of stealth "r" us.  Really?  I am known as the specialist.  [laughs]  there's true grit.  [laughs]  that's the silent one.  Because i'm silent.  Dominatrix.  You should take that back!  The eliminator. The intelligentsia attache. The enforcer. The conqueror.  And me?  You are serenity.  Nice! I'll take it.  You can't have an operation of this magnitude unless the specialist is here  in caramoan island and that's why i'm here to make sure we pull together as a  cohesive unit so we can contain the challenge. That's the goal.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Getting your first look at the new fan tribe. Hope  voted out at the last tribal council. All right, you guys ready to get to  today's reward challenge?  Yes!  Jeff: Here's how it's going to work. Each tribe will select two tribe members  to be placed on separate platforms. On my go, the rest of the tribe will use  planks to transfer those tribe members to a third platform. Once you've done  that, everybody will swim to a final very small platform. The first tribe to  get all eight members on or above the top of the platform win reward. Want to  know what you're playing for?  Yes.  Jeff: A local bushman, somebody who knows how to live off this land, will  come to your camp. They'll have a house warming gift of a chicken, fruits,  vegetables.  Oh, my God!  Jeff: He will improve every aspect of your life. Use him as a resource.  Favorites, you have one extra person, sitting somebody out, who's it going to  be.  We're going to sit out Cochran.  Jeff: Cochran, take a spot on the bench. Everybody else, we'll give you a  minute to strategize, we'll get started. Here we go! For reward, survivors  ready? For reward, survivors ready? Go. Go. First you've got to get all three  of your planks untied. Working together very quickly, fans, ripping through  those knots.  You got it.  Shamar has the first plank. Michael and Matt have a plank.  I got it.  Jeff: Favorites have all three of their planks.  Relax.  Jeff: Fans have all three of their planks. They're heading out.  Grab their heads, Julia.  Jeff: Your job is to transport them from one platform to the next.  Good, good.  You can't move with them, you are a step for them. We are dead even right  now, Julia making nice work. Brendan doing a nice job. Brendon to the first  platform, Julia to the first platform, we're dead even right now. Both tribes  now going to transport two people, Andrea and Brenda doing a nice job. Laura  a little shaky.  Go, go! Go, Julia!  Stand up! Go far! Really far!  Jeff: This takes a lot of team work and coordination.  Get closer!  Laura taking a lot of time! Favorites taking the lead! Andrea crossed first  for the favorites.  Come on!  Jeff: Brenda across for the favorites. Head out! Everybody now has to get to  that final platform! Fans need to pick it up! Laura's there! Julia's there!  Everybody for the fans get across, let's go! Keep moving!  Come on, Phillip.  Come on, guy!  Jeff: You've got to have all eight tribe members on or above the top of the  platform.  Get on top of me, girls, i'm fine.  Jeff: You're going to have to lean on each other.  Are you guys good?  Hang on tight, guys, we're a rock.  Jeff: Every challenge this season has been very close and this one is no  different.  Come on, guys, get your legs up!  I can't get my foot up.  Step on top of my head.  We have to wait five seconds.  Jeff: Favorites very close, they're waiting on corrine. Fans waiting on Matt.   Get up! Corrine, hurry.  We have to wait five seconds! Hold it!  Pull back.  Jeff: Favorites have it, two, three, four, five. Favorites win reward! [cheers  and applause]  ooh, baby!  That's what i'm talking about!  We won! We won!  I didn't win?  That's what we're talking about! That's what we're talking about! Yeah, baby!   Damn.  Jeff: All right, favorites, nice job, here's what's going to happen. You're  going to go back to camp. A local bushman will come to you. They'll bring a  chicken, some veggies, some fruits. Get back to camp and start utilizing that  resource. Fans, another close effort, came up short again, got nothing for  you. Grab your stuff, head back to camp.  Laura definitely slowed us down. Let's just vote her off, she's weak, can we  just move on. We have to start winning we have to start winning challenges or  we're all screwed. Challenges or we're all screwed.  Hey! Look at our little guy!  Where? [applause]  so the favorites won the reward challenge and we got to have a local bushman  come to camp and introduce us to ways of improving our camp for us as well as  cook a great feast for us.  We're all really excited. We don't know what's going to happen. Nothing could  have prepared us for this little guy. His name was tata. He's about four feet  tall, 60 years old, he's all knotted up with muscle and he hits the with  muscle and he hits the beach -- he doesn't mess around. Beach -- he doesn't  mess around. Beach -- he doesn't mess around.  Like a pot!  Like a pot!  It was entertaining more than anything. It was just fun to watch him. You  could only understand half of what he was saying anyways. He's like a  filipino gollum.  Ooh, very nice loaf. Very hot! Okay, cook rice.  As we got to form as much of a rapport as you can form with someone like tata  the bushman, we got a sense of how he functions and the way he functions is  saying enigmatic little things nobody understands.  Here in the jungle, no matches.  No bitching? No bitching in the jungle? I like that.  But he created an unbelievable feast for us. We've been eating rice but he  prepared this rice phraulessly and he made chicken and potatoes and onions  created in a way that ostensibly we could do once he's gone. I have no idea  what the hell he was doing, it was great to watch. It was dinner and a show.  And, you know, actual home improvement came along with it.  I almost felt bad because these fans are losing and losing and this was a  reward they could have used. It boosted the morale of our tribe even more.  Oh, yeah!  Tata is a married man but that doesn't impeding him from bumping and grinding  with the girls in the favorites tribe. Since he's this bizarre little  woodland creature he gets away with that. If i tried that it would be like  i'm a creepy predator but the girls found it delightful, they were all  kissing him on the cheek which i'm sure will provide him with fodder for  years to come in his mind and heart.  [laughs]  [laughs] wow, wow, oh, my gosh! Wow, wow, oh, my gosh!  I was on the bottom, i didn't even know we lost. I thought we won!  Sucks, man.  Today, you know, we lost again and i was so mad. The favorites have  everything! They've won every reward so they have this bounty of stuff back  at their camp. I mean -- sons of bitches. I was so mad. I didn't anticipate  losing so much.  He just sits in the shelter all day long. How do you do that? When we got  back from the challenge Shamar went back into the shelter. He doesn't do  anything. He's just pure laziness. There's absolutely no reason to be laying  in the shelter for 19 hours. Shamar is the biggest pain in the ass in this  tribe.  You want to go get it, Shamar?  I'm exhausted. Can you imagine being my size and how i feel? I'm not leaving  but y'all going to bring me rice once a day.  Are you guys serious?  [bleep] be my slave and then i'll say in the game.  It's not right.  The other day Shamar said he was going to quit but he decided to stay.  However, today he said well, here are my terms. I will stick it out if i can  lay here in the shack and you guys will serve me rice at least once a day.  And i'm just thinking how much longer this go on?  This is ridiculous. Can't you just get up off of your ass and get your own  rice?  I would never do this in my real life. I don't even wait on my husband.  I'm speechless.  With Shamar you can make it this deep dark story about the iraq veteran as  much as you want but that's not it. I think Shamar is starving but, you know  what? We're all starving. Shamar is a big baby when it comes down to it.  [moaning]  what's going on?  I scratched my eyeball.  You scratched your eyeball?  Uh-huh.  That sucks. With Shamar it's always something, you know? Now he's laying in  the shelter and i guess a piece of sand falls in his eye and he scratches it  so now his eye hurts.  I'm done with all of the drama.  I know.  Imagine if we didn't have that distraction? We would be winning.  I think Shamar is going to lose it soon. I wouldn't be surprised if he wound  up quitting again.  I was hoping to put this Shamar vote off for as long as possible.  Me, too.  Now everybody's getting pissed off and starting to realize he has to go,  which is realize he has to go, which is great for me and Reynold. Great for  me and Reynold.  Look at those clouds.  Do you think it's going to rain?  Yup.  We had a crappy night, never felt winds like that. Rats were crawling on us.  We have cuts and scrapes and bruises, we're hungry. It's a hard game and now  it's even harder because we believe that Shamar is going to quit. Shamar is  sitting there rocking back and forth. I think he's medicating. It's like he  can't get to a happy place. I'm like who can around here, you know?  The frigging guy doesn't want to be here.  His eye is puffy.  I'm sorry, man, everyone's dinged up. You're a [bleep]ing marine, come on!  Yesterday a piece of sand got in my eye and i guess i scratched my eye. It  got swollen and i couldn't sleep at night. I'm worried about it. I'm not  thinking about the game, i just kind of want my eye fixed a little bit.  Here comes jeff, guys.  Jeff: Shamar, you don't look so good. What's going on?  Something's wrong with my eye.  Jeff: Wow, it's really swollen. All right, we've got medical here, all right?  They're going to give you an assessment and see how it's doing.  Shamar, the first thing i'm going to do is try to have a look inside your eye  but we'll do it slowly. You just talk to me. So the whole eye just looks very  red at the moment, Shamar. I know that's uncomfortable. I'm going to close it  again. What i need to rule out is that he hadn't gotten a abrasion or abnormality  on his cornea which is the clear part that covers his eye the only way to do  that is put in an orange dye and i'm able to see thing mrs. Clearly.  Jeff: Okay.  Jeff: This has been an eventful journey for you. You've had some lows where  people have attacked you you've had some highs, you've been one of the  biggest cheerleaders on this tribe.  I fought hard and did my best but it's a lot of pain right now.  There's actually two there.  It actually looks like there is what i would call a divot in his cornea. It's  right next to his pupil or on the colored part of his eye. It could affect  his vision.  That's a big concern. Is there something we can do out here?  Unfortunately not. I think from my perspective i would like to pull you from  the game to have this looked into by a specialist.  Jeff: How's that landing with you, Shamar?  I don't know what to say.  Jeff: Do you feel in some way even though it's not your fault that you're  letting your tribe down? Because they're losing not only a big force in  challenges but a number in a game about numbers.  I know. I mean, i would never want to leave the game like this. I don't want  to lose my vision. I don't want to risk it.  Jeff: Do you want many toe bring the tribe in so you can say good-bye?  Yeah.  Hey, guys, come on in. I'll give you an update. We've just had our doctors  check him out. They gave him a thorough assessment and his eye is in pretty  rough shape. He's got to be taken out of the game.  Sorry, Shamar.  Sorry, Shamar.  I hope you heal quickly.  Thank you, i appreciate you guys, i do. I know that you care about my  well-being and i really hope you guys do well, honestly.  Jeff: Shamar, let's get you out of here, we'll get you on a boat to see a  specialist. For you guys, you'll gather your stuff and i'll see you at  immunity challenge this morning. Let's get him up.  I was in the marine corps four years, i did two tours in iraq and never got  hurt. The people who know me know that i'm a strong guy and that it takes a  lot to bring me down. "survivor" is a tough game. Thank you, i  appreciate it. Good luck, guys.  Take care of yourself Shamar, man. When Shamar was claiming his eye was  scratch sod bad i was thinking he emotionally didn't want to play anymore. It  turns out it was very serious so that's my mistake. Still, he was disrespectful,  lazy and i'm just happy he's gone.  Glad it's over.  Yeah.  But you do see, like, one of them going before one of us?  Yeah.  We're all good. There's nothing that can happen.  However, now that Shamar is gone the majority alliance are going to jump back  into their premeditated plan and knock off Eddie and i first. So we have to  win or one of us is going home.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! Favorites getting your first look at the new tribe of  fans.  Wait, what happened?  Shamar is no longer in this game due to a severe eye injury that needed  immediate attention.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Tribe of fans now down to seven. All right, you guys ready to get to  today's immunity challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: First thing's first, Brandon, going to take it back. Once again  immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge you're going to swim out  to a platform, climb to the top, smash a tile, retrieve a key and swim back,  then the next person goes. Once you've retrieved five keys the two remaining  tribe members will use those keys to open a chest. You will use the sandbags  inside to knock off all the blocks from your ledge dropping your tribe's  flag. First tribe to finish wins immunity, avoids tribal council, losers,  somebody will be voted out of your tribe. Favorites, you have two extra  members, sitting two people out, cannot sit out the same people. Cochran sat  out the last challenge. Who's it going snob.  Corrine and Dawn.  <br/>Jeff: Corrine and Dawn take a spot on the bench. We'll give you a minute to  strategize and get started. For immunity, survivors ready? Go!  Go -r, Sherri.  Jeff: Sherri takes a big fall, Erik does, too. Sherri calling across, Erik  crawling across. Erik across for the favorites.  You're leading, Erik.  Jeff: Sherri there for the fans.  Erik, you got this!  Jeff: Erik to the platform first. Favorites out to an early lead.  Come on, Erik, you've done this.  Jeff: Erik has no problem! Erik now has the first key, he's heading back.  Sherr i clips the edge but doesn't release the key. You have to go back up.  The tribe already down on their luck is off to a slow start in this immunity  challenge.  Good boy, Erik!  Jeff: Erik is back with the first key. Brandon attacking these platforms very  fast! Sherri has the first key for the fans.  Brandon, you got this!  Jeff: Brandon connects, he has the second key.  Way to go, Brandon!  Jeff: Sherri completely spent. Matt now in the water for the fans. Brandon is  back, Brenda is now in the water for the favorites. Brenda with a ver hard  fall. Matt has the second key. He's heading back. Brenda's not messing around  at all! That's how you do it. Favorites have a one-key advantage which is  huge. Brenda very close to lapping Matt. Andrea in the water. Eddie in the  water. That is how you do it, Eddie!  Low to the ground!  Jeff: Eddie knows he's got to make up some time.  Right down the middle! Right down the pike.  Jeff: That's how you do it. Eddie has the third key for the fans. He's got to  get back quickly!  Let's go an Andrea.  Jeff: And she gets it with a nice smash. Andrea has the fourth key for the  favorites. Eddie's back with the third key. Julia now out on the course.  Andrea's back, Malcolm heading out for that fifth and final key. Takes a big  hit but not deterred. Julia going for that fourth key. And she does, just  barely. Julia has the fourth key. Malcolm no problem getting that fifth key  for the favorites. Favorites have all five keys. Michael still got to go. He  has a lot of time to make up. Malcolm back with the fifth and final key.  Start working on your locks.  If it doesn't go in try the next one.  Jeff: Phillip and Cochran working on the locks for the favorites. There are  five keys, there are three locks.  Let's go, guys.  Jeff: Favorites have one lock undone. Michael to the top, he's got to connect  right here he's got it! Michael's got to swim back quickly now.  Michael, we're still in this!  Got this one.  You got it?  Yup.  Jeff: Phillip has the second lock undone for the favorites.  Got it.  Jeff: Favorites have their third lock undone.  Bring this home! Come on.  Jeff: Phillip starts throwing for the favorites.  Nice!  Jeff: There you, go fans have all five keys. Reynold and Laura start working  on those locks. You need to move quickly, fans. One lock off.  Nice!  Where the [bleep] oh!  Jeff: Laura having a tough time with the locks.  Yeah, Phillip!  Jeff: Favorites have a huge lead. Second lock off. Fans down to one lock  left. Fans have their third lock.  Magic time, baby.  Jeff: Reynold starts tossing he has a lot of ground to make up.  Specialist, you got this.  Jeff: Phillip knocks off more blocks. Reynold knocks off several blocks. And  another three. He's on a roll. And another three. And another two! Phillip  knocks off two more! Phillip down to four blocks left. Reynold has made up a  lot of ground. Reynold knocks off two more. Fans are catching up! It's a huge  comeback! Another one for Reynold. Phillip's starting to get exhausted.  Phillip knocks off another one!  Two more! Two more!  Jeff: Reynold needs to pick it up! Reynold knocks off another one. Favorites  are down to two. Phillip knocks off another one! Favorites have one left.  Fans have six. Phillip could win immunity for the tpa +eufrtss right here.  Oh! Short! Fans are down to five. Another shot for Phillip to win it.  [screaming] he does! Phillip wins immunity for the favorites.  Great job!  Damn it.  You are the specialist! You are!  Jeff: Favorites, it's coming back once again. No tribal council for the  favorites. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. Enjoy the night off. Fans,  grab your stuff, head back to camp, see you tonight at tribal council where  somebody tribal council where somebody will be voted out of this game. Will  be voted out of this game. So like, it took me a minute to kind of get my  bearings with them.  To catch up as much as we did, it's amazing. But the fact that we are going  to lose two people in one day really --  sucks.  --bad.  Well, we lost again so we're going back to tribal council. Me and Reynold are  still on the very outside of this tribe. I have a huge target on my back.  Reynold feels the same way and if we don't figure out a new plan one of us is  going home.  I'm going to walk down this trial.  Yeah, it's exactly as i supposed. They're already busy, busy, busy over  there. They're going to try to blind side me because i have an idol.  So you mean me?  It could be you.  It is me.  We're not dead yet.  That's what they say.  Here's my thing, dude, me, you, Reynold and Eddie are the only reason why we  are close in that challenge.  Uh-huh.  So, i mean, as much as i hate to say it, the smartest thing would be to be to  vote out Laura. I mean, the thing is, Michael, it's like, it's tough and it  sucks but we have to win challenges and Eddie and Reynold are our two  strongest people.  I just assumed everyone was going to try and get Reynold to play the idol and  vote out Eddie but all of a sudden Matt is like "we need to keep the  tribe strong and get rid of Laura." and i'm like there goes the  alliance.  I see Laura getting beat down and kind of --  she has that 500 yard stare. She's very weak.  It's a bummer but i think it's our best move, dude.  I knew as soon as the alliance was formed that it wasn't the alliance of the  strong people. But i trust Laura more than i trust Reynold and Eddie so it  could be dangerous to lose her and leave, you know, this wild card mr.  Awesome with the idol.  Michael and i want to vote Laura. She's the weakest link, if it wasn't for  the four guys we would have won the challenge. That's what i'm telling you --   you guys could be setting us up again so we don't do any idol playing.  Here's the thing, dude, the reason we came close in most of the challenges is  because of you. I'm not a dumb ass. Laura was breathing heavy after trying to  unlock locks.  Matt aapproached me and he said he wants to get the muscle back together and  try and win challenges. Well, la deda. He's boldfaced lied to me on more  occasions than i can count. You guys have put me on the ropes since day two.  The way i look at it, dude, is if you feel threatened play your idol. I am  going to vote Laura.  I should probably play the idol tonight and just save myself, however, if  they do vote Laura and i play the idol it's idol wasted. So i don't know what  i'm going to do.  Everybody's talking.  We might have to split the vote again.  Uh-huh.  At this point, i'm pretty sure Reynold and Eddie are throwing my name around  and that makes me very nervous. Because they know at this point that my tribe  doesn't have a lot of confidence in me in challenges. So i'm definitely  worried. The only thing i can do at this point is trust in my alliance and  hope it all swings my way.  My main concern right now is we have to win challenges so i say we get rid of  our weakest ling, which is Laura, and that's what i'm thinking.  You don't think it's dangerous keeping Reynold and --  here's the deal, if it wasn't for those two guys we wouldn't win any  challenges.  We haven't won any challenges yet.  We did win one and it was because Reynold was a bad ass.  When Laura's name got brought up i was not on board with it at all. First we  lost Shamar, now this. It feels like the alliance is falling apart. Also, if  they keep saying they're picking off the weak and need to keep the tribe  strong, well, of course the guys are going to be always stronger than the  women. So of course that concerns me. Matt thinks we need to vote Laura out.  How do you feel about that?  How do you feel about us being the last two girls. They keep talking about  stuff.  Are you still with our five right now.  I know you guys are concerned with that idol. I mean, it could be as simple  as boys Eddie, girls Reynold or something like that.  That makes sense to me.  Tonight i have to either keep the tribe strong so that we can win challenges  or hold on to my alliance and keep that strong and there's no way to know  what the right or wrong answer is going to be. So just going to have to go  with so just going to have to go with my gut and hope it works out. My gut  and hope it works out.  Jeff: So, Matt, tell me about this tribe now that Shamar is gone. How does  this hurt the tribe or how does it help the tribe?  You know, now that Shamar is gone i think there's less tension around camp  however we lost a big guy good to helpous out in challenges and it's our  third tribal in the row so it sucks to have Shamar gone.  Jeff: Sherri, do you miss Shamar or is it a bit of a relief?  I would say i miss Shamar as far as part of the alliance.  Jeff: Wow, a very slow thoughtful answer.  Right.  Jeff: Reynold, where is this tribe now?  I obviously have voted against the tribe the first two tribal councils. I  thought getting Shamar out first we could have started to gel but there's a  strong alliance of five here and they're very hesitant to break it up. Yet  without Eddie and i your chances of winning any more challenges are very  slim.  Jeff: Laura, Reynold makes a good argument. The two guys on the outside of  the alliance are two of the strongest guys in the challenges.  Sure, but, you know, tonight's tribal is definitely based on whether we're  going to prioritize physical strength or our loyalties and our alliances and  which one of those two is going to get us further in this game.  Jeff: And what's your case? If you heard somebody whispering saying "Laura  killed us again, let's vote Laura out --".  The physical strength votes tend to happen very early on in the game before  relationships are formed. We have had ten days to build trust and that's huge  at this point in the game.  Jeff: Reynold, you're shaking your head.  Yeah, in listening to all of this i can't wrap my head around it. They're all  about trust to each other but we're losing, losing, losing. Are you  prioritizing winning or are you prioritizing losing?  Jeff: Sherri, Reynold today almost single-handedly brought you guys back.  But we're still losing. Even with them. We're still losing.  Jeff: So you're saying keeping Reynold, keeping Eddie, that doesn't mean it's  going to change anything, all it will do is break our alliance.  Exactly.  Jeff: Eddie, you've been on the bottom from the get-go.  Yeah. In that aspect, me and Reynold are fighting with our backs against the  wall. If we come together now and get rid of our weakest player and go  forward and start winning we don't have to come back here.  Jeff: Would you put cherny the category of one of the weaker players?  Yeah.  Jeff: How about Julia?  Julia is one of the stronger girls since we've been here.  Jeff: How about Laura?  Laura unfortunately is the weakest player we have on our team. I'm not going  to lie about it.  Jeff: Hard to hear, Laura?  It is hard to hear, but we all know this game pretty well. There are certain  twists to it and if numbers were jumbled over the next couple of days and we  all ended up on different tribes it's like predicting the future. Are Eddie  and Reynold going to be as loyal as our alliance right now? Or are they going  to be more willing to jump ship?  Jeff: So Eddie, really, the third factor in this, loyalty versus strength, is  predicting the future.  I mean, last two tribal councils i was told everybody was voting for Shamar  and i voted for Shamar twice so if i'm still here in 20 minutes i'm going to  feel a lot differently about this tribe than i do right now, to be honest  with you. I think tonight is the make or break factor for this tribe.  Jeff: All right, let's find out if it is, indeed, make or break. It is time  to vote. Julia, you're up.  You're the weakest link in the team and it's kill or be the team and it's  kill or be killed. Killed. Killed.  Too dangerous.  Too dangerous.  Jeff: I'll go tally the  jeff: I'll go tally the votes. Votes.  If anybody has the hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now would be  the time to do so.  Got to do it, jeff.  Jeff: Thank you. This is the hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast for Reynold  will not count. Once the votes are read, the decision is final, person voted  out will be asked to leave the tribal council area immediateliment i'll read  the votes. First vote, Laura. Laura. Reynold. Does not count. Laura. That's  three votes Laura. Fifth person voted out of "survivor: Fans versus  favorites." Laura, that's four, that's enough. You need to bring me your  torch. Laura, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  Good luck, guys.  Jeff: Well, you broke form tonight and voted somebody from the majority  alliance out of this game. Maybe it was a make-or-break vote. Time will tell.  Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Head back to camp. Good night. Good  night. Captioning brought to you by survivor productions, cbs, captioned by media  access group at wgbh media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  access.wgbh.org  jeff: Next time on "survivor" -- every season there is one moment  --  i'm the author of my fate, buddy!  Jeff: That no one will ever forget.  Where is it? Go! No!  No! [bleep] come on! Now vote me out, bitch!  As a viewer from the couch, you really only get to see one side, you don't  feel the hunger, you don't feel the thirst in your mouth. It's very real. I  knew coming in here that my muscles weren't my biggest asset and i used  everything else i had. I think a lot of my plans were left unresolved but  good luck to the rest of them. The rest of them. They really got me.