<br/>jeff: Previously on "survivor": Favorites have a huge lead. Despite  Reynold's heroics Reynold has made up a lot of ground! The fans lost their  third immunity challenge in a row. For the favorites, winning wasn't their  problem. The majority alliance was targeting one of their own.  She is in the core six, but i really want Corinne out.  Jeff: And Brandon had a series of emotional outbursts.  Don't be mean, Brandon.  I'm being vicious. I'll pee in the rice. I'll pee in the beans. I'll burn the  shelter to the ground.  Jeff: The entire tribe was left wondering what he would do next. At the fans  champ, Shamar was a constant source of conflict.  Shut up!  Jeff: And even threatened to quit the game.  We will be down two if you quit.  Jeff: But it was an eye injury that ultimately sealed his fate.  From my perspective i would thriek pull you from the game.  Jeff: Losing was taking its total on the majority alliance.  Tonight's tribal is definitely based on physical strength or our loyalties  and our alliances.  I think tonight is the make-or-break factor for this tribe.  Jeff: If anybody has the hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now  would be the time to do so. In the end, Reynold played it safe.  Gotta do it, jeff.  Jeff: And the fans chose to keep strength over loyalty. Fifth person voted  out of "survivor: Fans versus favorites." Laura, the tribe has spoken.  15 are left. Who will be voted out tonight.  Yup, i hear you. I think we made the right decision. I feel really good about  it, and i'm hoping you guys are feel the same way.  I feel great.  I think no hard feelings to Laura. She's the weakest swimmer.  No hard feelings for Laura at all. Right now we have to win challenges and--  the game got simplified.  Yup. Are you all right, Sherri?  I'm fine.  You're awful quiet.  I'm just listening. We voted out Laura and it was a really hard decision  because Laura-- Laura is special to me. She kind of reminded me of my  daughter, i mean, a sweet girl. And i didn't want to write her name down, but  i had to go with the tribe because they were all going to vote for her no Matter  what.  So tonight, your idol got flushed.  Fine. I think-- i think it's a good thing, honestly, because it was a-- a  point of division. What's done is done. The idol's gone. We've got the six of  us.  I'm still not trusting anybody fully because tribal one and tribal, two i  went in with all these hopes and aspirations and believing these people and i  got completely duped. This last tribal, i decided hours before i'm playing  the idol. This is my free pass. I found it. I earned it. I'm going to say  exactly what i feel. You guys are worthless in challenges. You need me if you  want to win. And if you don't keep me around, you'll maybe get juror one or  juror two and it felt so good to just be honest and say it, and it was like,  bingo! Here's my idol. I don't care. That was worth it. I hope you don't  think i was taking jabs at you guys and your aexpliens more than you guys  took jabs at us and our alliance early on. That's the game. Ist us to just  move forward together.  You know, Reynold played his idol and he knew, there's, like, five people  against Eddie and Reynold. So, of course, you know, he's like, "i'm  going to play the idol." now it's just kind of out here on the island  somewhere for someone else to find.  Whoever wakes up first is making a fire.  If i'm not weak, will you wake me up.  All you're going to do is look for the idol again.  I still don't want Reynold to have the idol because he's a dangerous player.  He's really-- he's a clutch guy. He's been our clutch man in all the  challenges. He's clutch with getting the fire started. He can pull through.  So that's why i don't want him near the idol. I don't want him pulling  through and figuring this thing out and getting himself too far at my  expense.  The most real people in the world have really, really, strong feeling  feelings emotions and have passion. And i have such a passion for my family.  I'd give my life 1,000 times in the most horrific way just to see my wife and  my kids. I started thinking about my family, my wife and my kids and how much  they needed me at home. And just leaving them at the troch a hat just to play  a game. I felt like i was being completely selfish, completely selfish. I'm  responsible for not only my life, but my two babies, my two precious babies  that don't know what's going on. They just think, hey, daddy's gp again. I  can't do that anymore. Enough's enough. I've been miserable. Every day is a  waste. So... Next tribal council if we have to go to tribal council, i'm  volunteering for you to vote me out of the game.  Brandon basically told us he wants to get out of this game. Immediately my  mind starts reeling from the implications. Now my tribe is going to lose a  member on force. This has repercussions outside the hantz family. And as much  as i don't want that to weigh on his decision, maybe he should have thought  of that before he decided to jump out here with the rest of us.  It really hurts my pride to have to, you know, admit all these stupid things  but i was about to light the whole thing on fire.  I'm glad you didn't do that. Way to choose the other option.  I was going to pee in the beans and rice.  Okay, i'm glad--  we gnarly escaped that.  It was a petty way out. But, hey, those things crossed my mind. My apologys.  I'm sorry for the thought, i am--  it's okay. It didn't happen. So we're all good.  Yeah.  It turns out Brandon's alternative to telling us he was going to quit was he  going to burn the shelter down and/or pee in our beans and rice. I want him  off my camp immediately. He's loco, for sure. Clearly, he's spinning out of  control. It's just a Matter of time. And it's a Matter of, like, what does  that mean for everyone around him? Like, what's he going to do?  My motivation to come out here was more for selfish reason thansz motivated  to come out here for my family. But rather than leave, i want to stay here.  My whole perspective of the game has completely changed. I'm out here for  them. I'm going to tough it out for them. I'm going to do this for them. I  had some time to think and instead of leaving, i'm going to go out there and  i'm going to play. You're going to see the most intense Brandon you've seen  thus far and it's going to be awesome. I'm excited. I'm freaking myself out.  I don't know what i'm going to do.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! Favorites getting your first look at the new tribe of  fans. Laura voted out at the last tribal council. All right, you guys ready  to get to today's reward challenge?  Yeah!  Jeff: For today's challenge, two members of each tribe will hold on to a rope  which is attached to a net while members of the other tribe attempt to shoot  coconuts into the net. The more coconuts in the net the heavier it becomes  until you can hold on no longer. Last tribe member holding on to their net  wins for their tribe reward. You want to know what you're playing for?  Yes!  Jeff: The winning tribe will take back to camp with them, barbecue.  Oh, my gosh!  Jeff: Sausage. Steaks. Some veggies. Some condiments. Have a little wine to  go with it.  There you go. You guys are set.  Jeff: Big reward. Worth playing for?  Yes.  Yes.  Jeff: Favorites you have three extra members. Sitting three people out. Who's  it going to be?  Cochran--  i want to shoot.  Okay.  Andrea, Dawn, and Erik are sitting out.  Jeff: Take a spot on the bench right down there. Everybody else, give you a  minute to strategize. We'll get started. A all right, for the favorites, we  have Phillip and Brandon holding the net. ( applause ) for the fans, we have Michael  and Matt holding the net. ( applause ). Here we go. For reward. Survivors  ready? Go! Your job is to start putting coconuts into the other tribe's nets,  make them heavy so they can't hold on to them any longer. Reynold makes the  first score, lands one in Brandon's net. Brenda scores one in Michael's net.  Sherry lands one for the fans. Everybody getting use told the weight and how  much it takes, how much effort it takes. Those coconuts are heavy. Big  reward. Fans would like to win a challenge. The favorites would like to  continue to dominate as they have this entire game. Phillip hollering some  sort of war cry. Eddie comes up short again. Julius scores again. Sherri just  misses. Corinne scores. Cochran put one in. Reynold hasn't missed yet. He's  on fire!  Brandon you've got this.  Jeff: Reynold is picking on Brandon, and it is working. Matt now starting to  take some weight.  Sherry you have to go faster.  Jeff: Brandon taking a lot of weight right now, struggling to hang on. Sherri  is worthless in this challenge. Reynold again trying to pick on Brandon a  little more, and he does. Brandon really struggling to hang on. Matt  struggling hang on. Michael now struggling. Malcolm scores again. Brenda is  on fire.  Bring it?  You got tBrandon!  Jeff: Brandon is out. Favorites are down to one. Phillip--  this is all day thing.  Phillip, we got you baby.  Jeff: Malcolm continues to pummel Matt. Matt is hanging in there, but it is  tough.  Hang on, baby!  Jeff: Malcolm gives Matt another one. How much lodger can he hang on? The not  at all. Matt is out. We are down to two!  Come on!  Jeff: It is Phillip and Michael.  This is an all-day thing, baby!  Jeff: Corinne puts one in Michael's. Malcolm with another shot. It is back and  forth.  Phillip, this is nothing, baby. Come on, phil!  Jeff: Phillip struggling to hang on.  Ain't no struggle here.  Jeff: Brandon with another hit.  Hey, hey, hey, hey! You're strong.  Come on!  Stay strong, baby.  Hold it!  Jeff: Michael releases for the fans! Favorites win reward! Phillip once again  the hero for the favorite tribe.  Yeah, baby! I knew it!  Good job, guys.  Jeff: Favorites, congratulations. Come get your rewar. Fans, despite another  good effort, got nothing for you. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp.  Definitely today i thought was going to be a turnaround for us. I thought  today's challenge was most definitely our chance to win, our chance to turn  it around, get the tribe going in the right direction, and we blew it. We  need to try something new.  We need to try something new.  Yeah.  We need to try something new around this camp. We need to try something new  at the challenges.  It is so hard to keep my mouth shut right now. I went with your plan and i  got rid of Laura. We still lost today. Muscle's not paying off. And i just  hope the alliance realizes this and doesn't listen to all their crap about  how we need muscle. We need muscle. We need muscle. But who bees? Now the  fear is the idol is back in play. It's around here somewhere. I've got to find  it. * *  i definitely don't think it's a big secret that everyone's looking for the  idol. I mean, it was flushed out last night. I know it's back on this island  somewhere. It can't be that hard to find because Reynold found it pretty  quick. Usually the idol is in a tree or under a rock or something. Oh! That  so looked like it!  I definitely want to find the idol, and if i find the idol, i'm not telling  anybody in this tribe.  I'm totally following my instincts of where the idol could be. I mean,  usually it's by something unique or, like, a weird tree or a weird rock is  out of place, just something that kind of stands out.  Things are just so crazy, you never know what's going to happen. We're down  in numbers, and people are fidgety, and i want to know where it is. And if  it's? My pocket, it's so important. It can take me so much further if i can  find it, and as long as Reynold doesn't find it. I don't want him to find it.   Twice! Twice! Number two! Oh, my God! "congratulations, you found found  the hidden immunity idol." i know all this by heart. It's the second one  i found. I mean, i might as well just keep playing them if i can just keep  finding them. But i don't want the majority alliance to know i have the idol  because when they found out i had it last time they started gunning for me in  order to flush it out. I don't want it to get flushed. I want to be able to  use it for a time when it will really make a big difference, and i think  there's a direct correlation between opening your big, fat mouth and the idol  having to get played. Mouth shurkt but Eddie's my boy to the end. I'll  probably tell Eddie. Back in business, baby. This is how you play  "survivor." Eddie. You and me taking this thing to the end?  Hoping.  I got it.  You got it?  I got it.  Really?  Really.  It's in my bag.  That's awesome, dude.  So we got one more insurance policy.  Yeah.  And you me, dude. All the way.  All the way.  I mean, you can't get any luckier than that. You can't. You get rid of it and  six hours later you have it again. That's awesome. The funniest part of the  whole thing Sherri's wanted this idol since day one, and even today Sherri is  walking around combing the beach everywhere, combing the woods, looking for  this idol, and it's just funny to watch.  Whoa! Holy steak! Those are thick steaks. &gt; Brandon, thank you for doing that.  Brandon seemed sullen. There's something in his eyes. You can tell he's going  back and forth in his own mind. I hope this win brought his spirits up, but  we've been on a winning streak so i don't even know if he won the million  dollars if he would ever get right in his head.  You guys were so strong. Everybody-- i mean, every person.  Brandon, you were a rock. That's the reason it worked.  You were the man there at the end.  I had strategy, too. I kept yelling at them. When i played basketball--  i was trying so hard not to make this game about me anymore, and he all of a  sudden decides to take ownership of winning the challenge by himself. Phillip  sheppard, this dumb-ass spike, agent-- whatever you you want to call him--  thinks he won the challenge and it really, really, really pisses me off i  don't want to hear that crap. Right now i'm a little bit aggravated and i  feel like venting a little bit.  Phil are, we taking this down?  No i want to save my energy for the challenges. I want to keep winning  challenges. I don't want to deconstruct this yet again. How many times do we  have to do this?  She was just making a suggestion, Phillip.  I know, and i'm giving my input as well.  Be honest, Phillip, your input is more, you know, dictatorship kind of  attitude. I don't think that's nice.  I just said i think we should leave it.  You say a lot every time somebody says something.  But i will argue with you, Phillip.  Then argue. But it will be a one-sided conversation.  How about you shut the ( bleep ) up and let somebody else have an opinion.  I think we can all agree Brandon is definitely unstable and unpredictable.  What are you supposed to do with that? It's just-- i don't know what to do  with it.  Brandon finally snapped. Phillip didn't do anything out of the ordinary, but  he caught Brandon in one were his downward swings, and for me, no Matter what  strategic consideration Brandon plays, at some point, he's going to go past  threshold, where he's more of a drain on the camp than he's going to be useful  down the road.  You all think i should go apologize to him?  I'd wait a day or two.  Yeah, i don't think he's going to touch it now.  I'm not going to have some young punk telling me to shut up. He just didn't  know. I'm a street fighter. I don't want to get involved in anything like  that. I'm trying everything i can to avoid that, but if he ever came at me,  he's going to see a different side of me. I think he's unstable and i think  he should be out of the game. If they want to keep him in the game, they can keep  him in the game but i will play a different game.  Let's talk.  No, i want to say this to you, my dilemma, with me, the way i tried to play  it right now, i told you, you were going to get above where you finished last  time. You don't slapt gift horse.  In other words you don't bite the hand that feedses--  exactly. I'm telling everybody, no, no, he deserves to be here.  What gives you the leadership to say, "hey, he deserves to be  here." don't i make that decision for myself?  You missed a close call.  So i can still trust you.  Yes, you can trust me. I've been telling you that.  I've always been annoyed with Phillip. I've listened to him. I've kissed his  butt, but at the same time i have to keep myself under control. And as long  as i can keep myself under control, i'll be good. But by damn, that might be  a really tough thing to do. I apologize as a man.  Hey, man, i'm sorry. I hope we're okay. Am i still-- no, you're not. In my  book you're persona nongratta.  All right. Let's go play the game. The first opportunity i have to get him  out of the game he will go. I'm not going to put up with it anymore. That  when the sun does appear, everything is ready to dry.  Well, i don't want to do anything. My feet are just jacked.  I've been wet for, like, two days straight. And my feet just look like a dead  person's feet. I can barely move my toes, and it feels like i'm on nails  we're not going to get out of this situation by sitting in the hut, you know.  That's my thought.  Camp life at gota has been a long strand of hell. We're failing on all levels  of survivor, but we have to do something. You know, we can't just wallow  under the palm fronds and hope that everything is going to get better because  it's not. ( thunder )  oh, God!  It's been raining for almost 48 hours straight now. I have a definite head  cold. I know that fair fact. All my clothes are wet. Everything i have been  sleeping in is wet. It just sucks.  The fire, does it have any chance?  That's the best i can do.  Okay. The joke is up. We're all in a hollywood studio. Turn off the wind  effects, please  this sucks! I want my mommy! A lot of bad things have hammond over the last  13 days. I try to be as strong as possible, but there's definitely times when  you're so hungry, you're so cold and so thirsty that you feel like, God! I  wish something good would happen to our tribe. * *  this Phillip and Brandon rivalry, it's getting to me. I woke up this morning,  who starts the fire? Brandon starts the fire. Who's the only dude in this  tribe who can start a fire with a piece of flint? Brandon. So i don't need no  old 54-year-old punk bitch telling me don't bite the hand that feeds you. He  doesn't feed me. I'm a hantz. I feed me.  Tree mail, everybody.  "today the tribes will be' boxing' you'll fight for your life in the  game. No time for a communication breakdown. Tonight another will lose their  flame."  we've got to get Brandon out of camp. He's not sane. He's not right. He could  harm one of uts and, therefore, sometimes you might do the unthinkable to  make something else possible. I would normally never consider throwing a  challenge. I'm too much a competitor. But in this instance, the good  outweighs the bad. It is a degree of compassion for him, as well as it is  potentially a game saver for us by eliminating him out of the game, by  throwing a challenge. Challenge.  What happens?  He needs to go. I want him gone. Put me in the challenge.  Are you going to throw the challenge?  Yes, i would do that. I don't want him around me anymore.  All right.  He needs to go. If he doesn't go, i'm not going to be happy. Do what you want  to do. I can't seem to have a private conversation with anybody. It's called  a one-on-one.  What's going on? ( sighs )  i apologized. I was the bigger man about it.  I thought you guys worked it out.  I did. Literally, everything was fine.  Hey, Phillip.  I don't like where this is going.  Is he wanting to throw the challenge?  I don't think he's going that far. I'm just saying, if we lose, we're going  to have issues  i'm starting to boil a little bit, boil a little bit. Man! For someone who  cooks, who does good in challenges, who keeps the fire up every night, pretty  much takes care of camp-- Phillip, can i talk to you for a second? And he  still wants to get me voted out. We squashed this. I thought we figured this  out yesterday.  Figured out what.  Our agreement to squash this.  So what is your mind telling you now is there you're making a supposition.  You're supposing something.  No, Andrea spoke to me and said that you still want me voted out.  Well, i'm not happy about what happened with us. And you said to me  yesterday, "i can trust you?" and that's a very real concern for  you. For me, i'm not sure i can trust you. Your activities have been pretty  active. You know, you've been sharing information with other people. Aise  told you when i put you in stealth "r" us, one of our requirements  for doing that--  can you drop the stealth "r" us things. It's like playing way  child. It's demeaning man.  It's true.  I'm not conqueror, nobody in there is exterminator and exterior. It's bull.  It's a lot of fun for us.  It's not. Nobody likes it. Nobody likes their ( bleep ) name.  Thank you for sharing that.  Everybody actually doesn't like you.  Then guess what, they'll vote me out.  Brandon! No!  No! Brandon!  Come on, Brandon!  Brandon, out now!  Stop it!  Hey, phil! Here's a reason to vote me out you little ( bleep ). With your  stealth "r" us ( bleep ), huh. Come on, bitch! I thought you were a  secret agent! Come get some! Come on!  Pick up the little bits that are still clean.  Now, vote me out, bitch!  Hey. Just give yourself some time to breathe.  He's not going to disrespect me anymore.  Give yourself some time to breathe.  I'm the author of my fate, buddy! I'm the author of my fate! Now vote me out,  bitch!  Why wasn't one effective enough?  I can't believe he did that.  We'll be all right. ( crying )  Brandon is ready to fist fight. He's literally out of his mind.  Why don't we just not go to the challenge?  I think in this case--  let's go to tribal.  There's so much to consider when something like that happens. We're trying to  decide is he in a place at all where we can still play with him, forfit the  challenge, give immunity away, which you never do in this game.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! Reynold, you had a long, wet, rainy night last night.  What's the impact on the tribe?  Well, i mean, i guess it's a testament to how hard this game really is. Like,  from our point of view, you guys are winning the rewards. You guys have this  plush shelter with the tarp and your rocking chairs and pillows and steak  dinners and you're drinking your bottles of wine and having a good old time,  and what it boils down to is this game is extremely hard even if you win  every single challenge. Nobody is immune from the elements. In a sense, we're  all in this together.  Jeff: Cochran, what happens when fatigue sets in to the mood and the moral.  It damages moral. You feel tired. You feel worse. You get a little grumpy. It  rubs off on other people. It's not good for anybody.  Jeff: Brandon, how are you doing?  Not doing too well, jeff. Had a little outburst this morning with Phillip,  actually. And i kind of wanted to talk to the other tribe. If you don't mind.   Jeff: Yeah.  Let me step off my mat.  Guys. Tonight is going to be a little bit different. You guys are going to  have an opportunity to come back and make this a game. So you get a second  chance, and i'm your second chance. So Phillip, please don't let this guy get  to the end of the game. Please don't let him get to the end of the game.  What of where-- where are you going?  Jeff, i'd like to say something on behalf of the favorites if that's all  right. We realize that this is going to be a challenge for immunity, and it's  for that reason that we're going t to forfeit the challenge that we may go to  tribal. While we're all fierce competitors, we have discourse in our camp and  would like to hash that out in the appropriate setting. We respect this game  and we hope you and the fans can respect our decision to go to tribal.  Let me help you out a little bit. They don't respect anything about the fans.  That's bull( bleep ), Corinne. Complete bull.  Okay, Brandon.  Don't play this i'm cool with the fans, period. This is a first time playing  and you deserve a chance, and a fair chance. Don't take crap from anybody.  You're the underdog. I love the underdog. I was an underdog, too. And i still  am --  Brandon, Brandon, come over here.  Yeah, sliewblgths.  Jeff: You feel like you're a little-- like you're stuck in between this world  so come over here in a neutral spot.  I like this spot.  Jeff: Okay, so, Brandon, tell me what's going on over here. You come out here  and say, "listen, i'm going to help you fans out." explain what  you're talking about.  Phillip over here decides to make this little stealth "r" us a  name, gives everybody a cartoon name, degrading us, making us feel like we're  freaking plastic dolls. I'm not down for that. And Phillip speaks so highly  of himself. Stop talking about yourself. Boston Rob took you to the end of  the game. You didn't do anything! You were made fun of, and you come here and  you tell me don't bite the hand that feeds you! I feed myself. You don't do  jack for me. So you ain't going to tell me you're run, the game. I took  myself out of this game.  Jeff: Brandon, so now how are you feeling right now, because are you clearly  --  fired up, bro.  Jeff: You are clearly fired up. You seem a little hostile.  Just a tad.  Jeff: But i'm a little concerned about that, but we'll constituent here and  talk through it.  Okay.  Jeff: I understand you're frustrated with your tribe and there are some  specific incidents, but that is part of "survivor" and you're used  to that.  I had a rough time after the show. I had a really rough time.  Jeff: After the first time you played "survivor."  after the first time i played "survivor" it changed my personal  life and changed everything and i swore if i got a chance to play again i  would never play the same day waypim would never be the guy to get walked  over by episode, by episode, by episode, crying. I can stand here proudly  today and say i never cried a ( bleep ) tear on this season. I callossed  myself to people who really don't give a ( bleep ). They don't care about  anybody but themselves. That's pathetic, and you're going nowhere in with  that attitude, in life or in "survivor."  jeff: Phillip, give me some insight from the other side. You haven't actually  made any reaction during this ebb tire tirade.  I am, jeff, from the--  ( imitating Phillip )  i attempted to embrace Brandon and he would say, "Phillip. Where i do  stand? Can i be a part of the alliance? This is after he decided to cast  votes for Andrea at the first tribal council.  Jeff: Sorry to intrurnght Phillip. Now, Andrea, you're emotional. What are  you feeling?  For me it's just-- it's just really hurts-- it's sad to see-- i've grown  close to Brandon out here, and i can't relate to what you're going through.  And it's hard because we're all out here to play a game, and we've been doing  so well, and we had great unity and to see two people fight and say really  cruel things to each other, it really--  i said nothing to Brandon.  Okay, okay, sorry, then i'm talk ago.  Phillip sheppard doesn't say nothing wrong, ever. He's super spy agent. 3.0.  Shut up. Shut your mouth. Own up to what you do. Just because you're 100  years old doesn't mean you haven't made a mistake i came and apologize to  you.  Over and over and over again. You're one pathetic individual.  You're pathetic.  Shut your mouth! I'm tired of you talking. You've been talking--  don't walk this way.  Jeff: Brandon. Brandon. Come here, come here. I brought you over here for a  reason i brought you here for a reason. Nobody wants to get physical. That's  not good news.  He doesn't want to get physical.  You're absolutely right. I don't. I really, really don't.  Jeff: I don't want you to get physical, all right. Hey, look at me.  I'm.  Jeff: No, no.  I'm doing this for you, jeff.  Jeff: You're doing this for me?  I'm not doing --  oh, you're not going to get physical for me. You're looking at me right now  say you will not get physical. Okay. Daun, you are cautiously breathing in  and out trying to calm your body.  I just don't want to be here. It's too stressful. I don't want to hear all  the negative. I'm in a game right now, taking me out of it.  Dawn, i love you, i love you with all my heart. You know, i do. Andrea, i  love you. But i want to be the author of my fate in this game. And this was  my thought process and i was talking to fill. And i said what's wrong, man? I  was trying to be cool. Then i clicked.  And said you know what, since you guys aren't eating, we're not going to eat,  either. So i took the rice and dumped it all over the place. I took the beans  and dumped it all over the place. So now you can starve with them.  I don't think that the whole tribe deserves that.  Jeff: Corinne?  .  All right, i'm not going to comment.  None of us deserve that.  Jeff: So, Brandon, you have a very famous uncle in the "survivor"  world, russell hantz, who is one of the most notorious players ever. Has  anyone ever askedue and i say this with respect but it might not feel  respectful--  i understand.  Jeff: Is it in the blood?  I'm starting to come to the conclusion that us hantzs, we speak our minds.  I'm proud of that. That's something i can wear proudly. You ask me something,  i'm going to tell you.  I just want to say one thing, jeff. I never had any bad feelings towards Brandon.   I didn't, either.  Here we go.  Where this is coming from, i have no idea. Your whole thing about me being in  charge and in control is just a figment of his imagination. So for him to  come out here right now and spew what he spewed, i hope you're strong enough  to realize just maybe you made a mistake.  Shut up.  That's your typical response.  Shut up.  You need to grow up.  You need to shut up. Get a little bit younger.  That's the way you talk to your elders. That's right, you do, do that. I  remember watching you talking to your uncle who let you live in the home. You  probably are talking to your aunt who--  you bring my family into this. I'm come over here and knock your ( bleep )  head off. Bring my kids into in, bitch.  Jeff: Come over. Favorites, so you want to go to tribal council?  Yes.  Jeff: Which means you want to forfeit this challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: And so, who's got the idol?  Right here.  Jeff: Erik, why don't you walk it over and give it to the fans because they  will gladly take it.  Thanks, guys.  Jeff: Easiest immunity ever won.  Can you do the thing with your hands when you say, "immunity, the  fans."  please just once.  Jeff: I'll give it to you on your way out.  All right!  Jeff: Okay, why don't we just cut to the chase. We're having tribal council  right now all right, you understand that.  Absolutely gli mean, this is tribal. All right? We're going to have a vote.  Without the fire, without the torches i'll start with you, Brandon. Who are  you going to vote for.  Phillip!  Jeff: Corinne, who are you voting for? Brandon.  Phillip.  Brandon.  Brenda, Brandon.  Malcolm, Brandon.  Dawn, Brandon.  Jeff: Err. &gt;&gt;?  Brandon.  Love you, brother.  Jeff: Andrea?  Brandon.  Jeff: Cochran.  Brandon.  Jeff: All right, you good with this?  I'm good with it.  Jeff: Sixth person voted out of this game, Brandon hantz. Here's what's going  to happen. I love you. But i know you're fired up.  You don't want me going back.  Jeff: You're not going back to camp, no.  Thank you.  Jeff: This is over. Are you good with that?  I'm good with that.  Jeff: Here's where you're going to you walk, straight out this way, around  the back of the challenge. And i'll give you a minute to cool down.  Okay.  Jeff: And i'll come find you.  All right, brother thanks, man.  Guys, it was a pleasure.  Good luck, man.  Thanks, man.  Kick their ass. Phillip, you're a bitch!  Jeff: Well, game just got a little more interesting. Is there a sense of  relief.  Yeah.  Yeah.  That was a long time coming.  Jeff: Dawn, do you think the tribe is better off?  I think Brandon is and that's best for the tribe.  Jeff: All right, so here's where we stand. Favorites now down to eight  members. Fans at six. Big momentum shift potentially for you guys. It comes  in an odd way, but you're going home with immunity and you're not going to  tribal council. Take your idol. Head back to camp.  Bye, guys!  I'll take it.  I'll take tman.  A a win's a win.  Jeff: Favorites, grab your stuff, head back to camp.  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "survivor": Phillip plans to take out Corinne.  Corinne has got to go.  Corinne plans to take out Phillip.  Phillip is the most annoying player out here hands down.  Jeff: Nobody is planning on this both tribes feel very good right now. Good,  because it's about to change again. Captioned by media access group at wgbh  access.wgbh.org  it was nice. It was glorious. I showed them that, hay, this guy's not going  to just keel over and die. If i'm going down in a battle, i'm going to throw  rocks in my army. I'm going to go out braveheart style. I don't regret none  of it because i proved my point. I was the author of my elimination.