<br/>jeff: Previously on "Survivor." drop your buffs, we are switching  tribes. After a surprise switch, the new gota tribe had all the muscle while  the new bikal tribe --  i like this purple, guys.  Jeff: -- didn't. But on both tribes the favorites outnumbered the fans 4-3.  At gota, fans took turns throwing each other under the bus.  Sherri, if you want to vote her out, we're with you.  Reynold. He's the biggest salesman.  Jeff: But at bikal, the fans were a hot kphaodty. Phillip want to recruit Julia.  While corrine wanted Michael.  If i wasn't a moron i would turn on my entire alliance to align with the gay.  That's how much i like gays.  Hello philippines!  Jeff: At the immunity challenge -- bikal appears to be on some sort of  medication they're moving so slow! Bikal fell apart. Gota wins immunity! At  tribal council the fans knew they were the obvious targets. Is there a sense,  Michael, that is it you, Julia, or Matt going home tonight?  100%.  Jeff: In the end they were right. Matt, the tribe has spoken. 13 are left.  Who will be voted out tonight.  I'm so sorry. Like, i really --  don't be sorry.  It crushed me to have to let him go. I adored him.  Love Matt.  Great guy. But we had to make a choice and we decided to keep you two.  Thank you tribal council sucked. Matt's been my boy since day one and now i'm  totally on my own. You honestly don't even have to, like, really explain  yourselves. I am going to continue to try to build trust with these guys and  try to build friendships as well so that they want to work with me at the  merge. I'm great. Seriously. I'm here and i'm --  i'm not looking to lose you, so --  i like that. I like that we can play together.  I'm definitely willing to sacrifice one of my own to keep somebody else and  i'm going to fight tooth and nail not to have it be Michael. He's not going  home on my watch. I would like to dump Phillip as soon as possible. The  problem is you can't make moves like that this early so i try really hard to  be patient and hope that the time will come some time soon. You have to  survive. Once we're at the merge we're kicking ass and taking people names.  We're just taking people out.  Corrine consistently goes and has conversations with people like Michael and  then doesn't disclose to us the nature of the conversations. And for me,  that's unacceptable.  I want her gone.  Not next, though.  Maybe. I don't want her going to the merge. I don't know what she's told him.  I want her gone.  See, here's my only fear about it, stock? We do this before the merge, we  meet up with our old tribe mates and they're going to think what the hell  just happened? They won't want to work with us because we turned on one of  our core six.  I want corrine to be the next person gone but if i can not get rid of corrine  and her new gay friend, as she said, he'll be the one that goes home next.  This is me as a federal agent, i don't trust that woman.  Okay.  Okay. Treemail!  Oh, boy, here we go. "the strong must bear the weak if you hope to  compete. The taste of victory today will be, oh, so sweet."  it mentions the weak so there is a place for me in this challenge. The  treemail did say the strong will carry the week. We have plenty of the latter  category so if the success of this challenge depends on the existence of weak  people we got it.  Anything with strength is a little worrisome.  Anything to do with the upper body, upper back shoulders-- without being  arrogant-- i'm almost certain i can win it.  Treemail says you have to be strong in the challenge. We're all looking around  like, "well, that sucks." and Phillip with his bravado is "i  got this, what are you talking about? I'm the strongest guy out here."  oh, my God.  I only do what you call power lifting. I don't blow up like muscle body  builders and it's decentive because when you grab someone you can generally  pull them or hold them a lot longer but you don't look like you can. This  challenge has something to do with strength and i think for a lot of them  they're concerned about it. I don't believe that's the case but i believe as  a person and a man nobody in the other tribe can beat me arm wrestling. I  beat most men. I love to find a sucker some guy with great big muscles who  looks at me and thinks he can beat me. So part of my technique when i go is  to get the guy come that way. Then i turn that wrist like that down like  that.  Phillip challenged me to an arm wrestling match. He naturally was able to  beat me quickly.  Put both hands on it. Ready? Put my hand down. Put all your weight on it,  man! Get on your knees.  Then to up the ante and to build up his ego he'll demand that a basically put  all my weight on his one hand. (laughs) you're proving your incredible  strength. I put a significant portion of my weight on his forearm and he  managed to keep it off the ground and if the smile on Phillip's face after  that, i think he felt like the old Phillip -- or the young Phillip.  I feel confident. I was feeling confident but i feel more confident. In  channels my asset is my will of aa lion and my determination of a gorilla. I  may be old but i still have game.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! Gota getting your first look at the new bikal tribe.  Matt voted out at the last tribal council. Guys ready to get to today's  reward challenge?  Yeah! (applause)  jeff: For today's challenge you'll each be wearing a belt which is clipped to  a rope so you will be moving together as a tribe. In addition, you'll each be  carrying a 20-pound sandbag. Starting on opposite sides of an oval course you  will race to catch the other tribe. If you get tired, you can opt out and  give your weight to someone else. First tribe to catch the other tribe wins  reward. Want to know what you're playing for?  Yes!  Jeff: You'll be taken to a nearby island where you will enjoy a "Survivor"  style coffee bar. Cookies.  Cookies!  Jeff: Croissants, brownies.  Oh, my God!  Jeff: Worth playing for?  Yes!  Jeff: Go tarbgs you have one extra person. Going to sit somebody out?  Brenda's going to sit out.  Jeff: Take a spot on the bench out in the water. We'll give you a minute to  strategize. We'll get started.  Who will be in the back?  We have more endurance and we're stronger so stay even for the first lap then  we'll gain on them.  I'll be first, he'll be second. I don't want to be in the back because if i  can run faster-- which i think i can-- with more weight i'm stuck behind you.   That's fine.  If someone dies we all have to stop.  One of us with the bag.  Bikal!  Jeff: All right, here we go. For rewards, Survivors ready? Go!  We're good. Right there is good. They're not going to keep that up.  Jeff: A lot of endurance in this challenge. You are going to get exhausted.  Walk. Walk.  Here, come a little faster.  This is good. Let them that gain. We're good.  Jeff: Both tribes being very cagey, walking it off right now.  Can't we just run?  Jeff: Nobody running.  Guys, they're catching up a bit.  Ready? Here we go.  Oh, let's just walk it. The girls will tire.  Jeff: Bikal puts their oldest guy in the front. Interesting strategic move.  Gota puts arguably their fittest guy in the front on a tribe of very fit  people.  We're already gaining, guys, good job.  Whoo!  Can we run?  Nope.  Every time you pass by this mark you can get a sense of where you are in this  challenge. Bikal is quickly behind.  A little bit more, guys, a little bit more.  A little speed but not a sprint.  They're catching us, go a little faster.  Can we run, Phillip?  I think you'll tire more.  All right, we're going to go, 20 yards. Come on.  Jeff: Gota picking up the pace.  Run!  Run.  I can't run, i'm tired. I can't run, guys.  Jeff: Gota now on the same side of the course as bikal.  Guys, they're seriously catching up.  This is it, we can hustle right here. Ready, everybody? One, two, three.  Let's go!  I can't run, guys. The weight's going to come to me and i won't be able to do  anything.  But they're gaining on us.  Jeff: Gota slowly but very surely is catching bikal who has yet to do  anything but walk. This is a strategy, it's a strange one.  It's a strange one!  A little more?  Jeff: Gota gaining on bikal like a tiger stalking their prey waiting for the  moment the pounce.  I can taste it!  I need to step out.  Give me your bag.  Jeff: Dawn has opted out of the challenge for bikal. Corrine carrying 40  pounds of sand. This is not going well for bikal.  Guys, same thing, ready? Sprint, let's go.  They're running around the curve!  Come on!  They're catching us.  They're running around the curve!  Keep on going Sherri.  Guys, they're coming.  Jeff: Bikal doesn't even seem concerned.  Let's go!  You guys are awesome!  Jeff: Gota can sense the kill. Cochran and Julia are out. Corrine with 60  pounds. Andrea goes down for gota.  Run!  Jeff: Phillip falls down! This is it!  Go, get him.  Jeff: It's over! Gota wins reward!  That was the worst strategy ever!  Brilliant strategy. Perfect execution. All day, every time.  Cookies and brownies! Cookies and brownies!  Jeff: Gota, congratulations. Nice win. Nice reward. You'll be taken to  another island, the coffee bar will be set up. Enjoy the afternoon. Grab your  stuff, head out. Have a good time. (cheers and applause)  they're going to get sick. It's not a big deal. That's diarrhea fest.  Jeff: Bikal, got nothing for you. Grab your stuff, head back to camp.  Phillip has just put himself in this role that he's the leader and he's just  extremely -- gosh, arrogant sounds so mean but that's what it is. He sees all  of his strengths and none of his weaknesses. Welcome! (screaming)  oh, my God! Muffin! Muffin?  .  Can i have a brownie?  That's perfect!  Winning the reward was a great way to bond with the fans and, you know, they  haven't won a reward yet. Cheers! So it was nice to see them enjoying a  reward with us, bonding with them as people.  To the first of many rewards.  I want to get as close to them as possible before, you know, i vote them out  so they remember the good times and still vote for me in the end.  Spring break, no parents! Whoo! I just feel great. I mean, i'm a  baccaanalian, life is meant to indulge in glorious abundance. So this reward  is right in my sweet spot. No pun intended. (laughs) this one is really good.  Winning a reward like this helps to solidify bonds between people within a  tribe.  I love you.  I love you!  And i love you.  And especially most important is getting these bonds going with the  favorites.  And you. Mwah. Caffeine is starting to kick in!  Can't tell.  With new gota everyone on the surface is just smiling. All we do is win  challenges and party. It's just one big happy family, really. But at the same  time there's a game going on and when it comes down to it i know i'm going to  be in trouble when it comes merge time no one wants to go to the end with me.  Not that i blame them but i have to make my move soon. I'm keeping a smile  but getting my pieces ready to take control of this game.  Saeurbg asleep with a smile and a cookie in his hand. Just happy to know that  it's there. (laughter)  once they lined up it was clear their legs were going to outwalk us or outrun  us. Just a Matter of time. And they had youth so they had every component  they needed to win that challenge.  We just lost our reward challenge and i'm going to blame the whole thing on Phillip  and Phillip can take the fall for this.  They're going to go to tribal tonight so -- what?  Oh, this is a reward challenge.  No down. No down.  You tub bilunchbox! I have yet to see an ab on you. I don't see any pectoral  muscles. He's an amoeba. He's a loose pen pounds of potatoes in a five-pound  sack. He's just a mess. But everyone else sees his true colors and he blows  the next challenge for us maybe we take him out. I could have taken  everybody's weights and done the entire thing myself and won it. He's the  worst.  He has this inflated sense of i'm the strongest man in the world, i'm mr.  Universe stkwhr-fplt it's so frustrating. I don't want to keep playing this  game with him.  Yeah. Phillip and corrine hate each other. There's so much fracture and  division within the favorites on this tripe it's like a death sentence.  Something is going to happen at one point or another.  It's a joke.  I'm going to be pushing that we certainly vote off a fan which is not even a  certainty because Michael has gotten very, very close with corrine.  If you have any ideas of how we can reel him in, please let me know.  Julia, on the other hand, is such a nonentity out here. I'm tempted to say  she has a vanilla personality but i feel like that would be doing a great  disservice to the flavor vanilla. People actively seek out vanilla-flavored  products. Children clamor to get vanilla ice cream cone. Nobody is clamoring  for anything Julia-flavored. Except for Phillip. Phillip has grown very, very  close to Julia. And i'm not exactly sure why.  If you were to survive and make it to the merge i'd want you to be friend  with your other tribe mates, learn what you learn and don't go back. Might as  well be a part of the winning strategy and say, hey, you know what? I made a  big move. The problem with being a double agent is-- because that's what  effectively you become-- i'd like to make you one of the best.  Understood.  Don't share it with anyone else, including any member of our tribe. I think  i've done a very good job with Julia and i think i've got my first double  agent. I share with her some information and i told her don't share it with  anyone else. If she feels she's in trouble she can let me know and i'll do  everything in my power to make sure she stays in the game. I can't say  exactly where you would end.  Yeah?  But you could go far.  What's interesting with fill slip that i don't find him to be an intimidating  character at all. But when he's likely tell you to do this and you will do  it. I understand that at this point if i have any hope of staying in the game  that's what i have to do.  Fully understood. But it comes a point when he's going to really destruct the  unity of the tribe by driving everyone crazy so why not get rid of him?  So we have seven here, they have six.  They have six. Immunity tomorrow.  Yeah, i know.  When people have the same problem, it's easy to bring them together. And the  four alpha males in this game-- being myself, Reynold, Eddie and eric-- are  going to have a big problem come merge time. The athletic guys are going to  get targeted and knocked out of the game. What i need to do is spearhead  having these four guys join forces.  We're going to have to stick together going into the merge. The four of us,  the guys, are going to be the first four targets. We know that. It's got to  be the four guys. I'll bring in eric and you have to bring in Eddie.  Eddie and are 100% full disclosure each-to-each other tight honest. And i am  fully on the page with that. Up to this point, i've been lied to a lot by my  previous tribe so at this point the only person i believe is Eddie. I believe  you. Because you have no reason to be talking to me right now.  We're in the same boat.  In a game where you can not trust anybody it's hard to tell. You still have  to kind of rely on your instincts.  We're the same character.  The exact same person.  And Malcolm just strikes me as the type of guy that is like me and he sees  that i can help him and he can definitely help me. So this one feels right  and this will be the one that is the nail in the coffin for me if i'm wrong.  Would they tell you if they were going for me?  Yeah, because they think i'm on board and if it is, like, we'll figure it  out.  Will you tell me?  Yeah, i will. If you can protect yourself i'll tell you.  I have the idol.  I will definitely tell you.  Don't mention about the idol.  All right, sick.  If i didn't completely trust Reynold after selling him on this idea, i trust  him now because he's gone so over the top unnecessarily to prove his loyal  they he's told me about his idol. I've had an idol since day four. I wouldn't  offer to do that for some stranger who just came to me so with this  information i'm the only one in the game who knows where both idols are and i  can't wait to see the look on some people's faces when i take control of this  game. God, i can't wait! (laughs) i want to know what you're thinking next  stage in the game.  Obviously whatever your dynamic is with phil that's your business. The thing  is that i talked with phil and he gave me the sense that maybe he would want  to take me along for neighbor a new alliance he wants to do after the merge.  So part of me felt a little indebted to him but i feel like i'm being  bullied.  I think he's trying to bring you in.  Like he's playing his game --  for him.  At this point it's working for me, too.  Julia approached me and just said "Phillip really wants me to work with  him. I'm okay working under him if that keeps me in the game."  what if everyone just overthrew phil. I'm not saying that's what i want to do  but what's stopping people? I have no idea what the dynamic is. Based on the  time i've spent with Julia she wasn't seems very aware of the game so it's  helpful to know she's thinking more than we thought she was. Just so you  know, i'm not going to say a single thing to anybody.  Oh, oh, oh! Julia approached me and she's like how do you feel about me if i  work with Phillip it feels like that would be a good thing for me long term.  She's an idiot. I specifically told her not to say that to anyone.  That's why i told you.  What an idiot. Julia, originally i wanted her here. I did. But she's managed  to commit several faux pas in terms of "Survivor" play.  She needs to go.  Oh, yeah, i've already concluded that. I gave her a piece of information and  i said "you're not go-to-go to anyone else for validation." of  course she went to Dawn and Dawn, of course, came to me and told me that and Julia  won't know until she's walking down that aisle with her torch out.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! Guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yeah.  Jeff: First things first, Andrea, i will take it back. Once again immunity is  back up for grabs. For today's challenge, three members of each tribe will  paddle out into the ocean. You'll dive down and release a statue. You'll then  bring it back to shore and place it at the base of a tower. Then three other  tribe members will use a grappling hook to retrieve keys. Once you've  collected all five keys you'll unlock the tower and pull your statue to the  top. First tribe to finish wins immunity. Losers go to tribal council where  somebody will be voted out of this game. Gota, you have one extra person.  Sitting somebody out. Who's it going to be this time?  Sherri.  Jeff: Sherri, take a spot on the bench.  Bye, Sherri.  Jeff: Everybody else, i'll give you a minute to strategize, we'll get  started. Here we go! For immunity, Survivors ready? Go! It is Dawn, corrine  and Michael for bikal, it is Brenda, Eddie and eric for gota. They're off to  a quick start. Perfect, guys! Bikal just about goes over. It's going to take  a lot of team work to stay on course.  Row!  Jeff: Gota once again in a challenge off to a fast start and an early lead.  You've got to clip in first!  Eric, other side!  Jeff: Gota now off course. Bikal now making good work of that. Dawn and Michael  doing a nice job of getting bikal back into this. Bikal now is in the lead!  Now both tribes are flipping in.  Atta girl, green!  Jeff: Gota's clipped in. Bikal is clipped in. Get in the water!  Jeff: Gota very quickly has their statue to the top. Bikal has their statue  to the water.  Come on, guys, you got it! Let's go!  Jeff: That statue is very heavy. It will take all three people working  together.  Let's go!  Jeff: Gota has their statue in the boat. Bikal has their statue in the boat.  Gota is unclipped and heading back. Now bikal has it released and they're  about to tip.  Oh, oh! Lean! Lean!  Jeff: Another recovery by bikal.  Good job, guys!  You got it!  Jeff: Bikal now back on track.  Row!  Row! Row!  Jeff: Gota gets it together. Tearing to shore. You've got to clip in!  Got it?  Clipped in.  Jeff: Gota's to shore, they're clipped in. Bikal is back to shore. They're  clipped in. Gota now can start going for their keys. Bikal has got to get  their statue in the tower.  Turn it! Turn it!  Jeff: Bikal has their statue in the tower. They can start tossing. It is Reynold  using the grappling hook for gota. Phillip tossing that rope for bikal.  That's how you do it.  Jeff: Reynold with a nice toss. Reynold secure it is first key for gota.  Phillip just misses for bikal. Reynold with another nice toss, can he hook  another one? He's got i.  That's it, Reynold.  Jeff: Phillip with a nice toss. Can he hook it? Just misses. Reynold with  another great toss! And the third key.  That's a nice toss, Phillip.  Jeff: This could do it for Phillip. It's right on. Phillip with the first  ring for bikal. Reynold with the fourth key for gota. Reynold on fire!  That's a nice toss, philip.  Jeff: Phillip with a nice toss. Phillip has the second key for bikal. Reynold  with a nice toss. This could do it, it would be the fifth key for gota. Just  misses.  That's all right. Big lead.  Jeff: Phillip with another nice toss. He's got to make that work. He's got  it!  Nice!  Jeff: Bikal is catching up. It's a huge comeback right now.  Oh, my God!  Jeff: Reynold with the fifth key right in sight. This could do it for gota.  Phillip still looking for two final keys. He's right on it. Can he make it  work? Just misses. Reynold has that fifth key.  Nice!  Jeff: Bikal needs to get moving. Reynold and Andrea going to try to open that  lock for go. A Phillip again just misses. Andrea has it for gota. All they  have to do now is pull that rope.  One, two, three!  Jeff: This will do it. Gota wins immunity! (cheers and applause) gota,  congratulations again! (applause) all right, gota, enjoy the night off. Grab  your stuff, head back to camp. Bikal, after 19 days, one of you will be the  eighth person to leave this game. Grab your stuff, head back to camp, see the  you tonight at tribal council.  Those things would be a lot of fun if you didn't have so much riding on them.   Yeah, they would.  The grappling is harder than it looks.  Yeah.  So when we got back to camp spirits were understandably a little bit low. We  just lost. And Phillip was sulking around eyeing out everybody and then he  quickly and covertly pulled me aside and whispered intensely --  i have a confession.  And my mind starts racing instantly. Has he done something around camp. Is he  going to betray corrine tonight? What could it possibly be?  I love what jeff had in store for us today for the challenge. It was an  immunity challenge. We were close in the challenge, probably could have won  that challenge-- had i wanted to. I didn't want to win that challenge.  (laughs) i knew you were going say that.  Okay? I couldn't see julie at the merge.  It all makes sense! We had to throw the challenge in order to get rid of one  of these fans or else we were doomed. And that's the only reason why Phillip  was unable to successfully throw a grappling hook. I mean, it's complete  crap.  It hit me once i saw it was a grappling hook, i'll make a gallant effort but  it won't be where it needs to be because i would have tossed it slightly  differently.  You can't make up this level of delusion and that's what excites me about  playing with Phillip. I think he's convinced he threw the challenge. Some of  the razzle dazzle.  Slowing it down, pulling it back. I would have been hustling to get it back.  He wasn't throwing the challenge, he was trying his hardest, he was in full  spy mode. Can you imagine the speech he would have given at camp had he  successfully thrown a grappling hook, the spy's basic tool, at a challenge  and won the challenge for us? It's just -- (laughs) it's absurd!  When a lion, the male lion with his mane when he comeses across another pride  of lions of females and there's cubs and the male isn't around, what does he  do? He kills all the cubs.  (laughs)  you know why? Those are potential rivals. So today --  taking out the cubs.  Taking out the cubs.  We're still on board with slitting, right?  We're going to split because we have to make sure he doesn't have the idol.  The numbers are four favorites and two fans. That numbers advantage means  that the four of us can split our votes across the two remaining fans, flush  out any possible idols and and we can get rid of Julia. &gt;i still think we  should split the votes.  I'm not splitting.  I think we should.  There's no reason.  It's common sense. Why not? If we have the numbers why not do it.  Why are you worried?  Because as soon as we merge i want mike to work with us long term so i want  to do everything in my power to make sure he feels safe, comfortable, and  trusts us. I don't like the idea of splitting votes because to me i know i  want to send Julia home, i know there's no idol because i have the idol with Malcolm  and i don't want to go into a merge having Michael second guessing what's  going on. It's bad business. And i don't know why i can't convince the rest  of the alliance of that.  I'm not worried about how he feels about it. I have the numbers without him.  I don't need him.  Shh!  I'm just saying i don't need him so why should by extra --  we do need him.  You don't need him.  You might.  We might but we might not. I'm not going to put them all in one basket.  That's the way i play the game.  I get it. Don't walk away.  I played with boston rob.  Okay, Phillip, that's fine. Don't yell at me.  I'm not yelling at you!  You are.  No, i'm not saying what you want me to hear.  Corrine, who's in love with Michael, seems to have this notion that oh, no,  no, no, it has to be a show of unity. Just a moment him thinking that we are  not 100% behind him. I'm not an idiot. I do see it and i see her putting her  selfish interests above the favorites. The four alliance that's on the beach  right now is the three of us, not corrine. I'm not going to be bullied in  doing something i at my core says you don't do to satisfy her new friend. I  played with the smartest player that i've ever had an opportunity to play  with, boston rob. And i know exactly what b.r. would do in this situation.  What b.r. would do is say okay, corrine, we vote Michael out the game. I'm  going to cast my vote on Michael. He's smart, he's clever, he's doing it by  the book, exactly what he's supposed to do to stay in the game.  What'd we decide.  You made it clear from the get-go who your choice was. I took all emotion out  of it.  Phillip --  i'm explaining --  you're not letting me talk at all.  Because you walked up on a conversation i was having with the three of them.  We're in an alliance, Phillip.  So what?  I don't interrupt you when you have a meeting. When you walk over with Dawn  do i walk over and go blah? I don't. I let you finish your conversation.  You're being so mean to me Phillip.  I'm not being mean.  Yes, you are.  You know what? If you're feeling that way let me continue with the  conversation i was having with me, thank you. Appreciate it.  Phillip is beyond awful. Like, if this was the real world i would kick his  ass but for me it's a waiting game until i get to hold up that parchment and  go this is what boston rob would have done.  Like, i'm not stupid.  Okay.  I am very, very concerned about her relationship with him. She was never part  of the core alliance.  Agreed.  I sense her love for him is greater than it is for me.  Right.  That's a problem.  Right, agreed.  Phillip wants to vote off Michael. I don't know if this is the plan set in  stone but it's clearly has nothing to do with Julia or Michael. It's masking  something that's about to come to the surface and tonight's vote will  probably be what sets into motion a series of events that completely bring  this Phillip/corrine feud to the surface and make it clear why they can't  play together.  Jeff: So Michael, 19 days in, this tribe in a state of despair. Is it hard to  keep morale up?  Of course, yeah. I mean maybe it brings out a little bit of tension in the  tribe when morale is low.  Jeff: Ya Julia, if it's still fans versus favorites you would have a reason  to be tense. Why would anyone else be tense?  You know, the favorites do have the numbers and so i know they're thinking  way past this tribal council. They have their games and their alliances so i  totally see how they would be tense as well.  Jeff: Corrine, now i'm connecting the dots. Is the tension within the four  favorites coming down to "do we keep Michael or do we keep Julia"?  Absolutely. Going into a possible merge is a really serious thing and you  don't want to screwing in up here and then regret it down the line.  I wanted to add, jeff, it's about understanding the process. Sometimes for  corrine and myself we might clash on a point. We're actually talking about  the same thing but the process on how we go about getting there is a little  different.  Jeff: Dawn, have you seen Phillip and corrine as they try to work through a  decision?  Seen it, felt it. (laughs) been many between it. Yeah. But i think an  alliance like this is kind of organic, in a way. I've learned that if we all  have the same goal at the end the conflict may be okay if we stay committed.  Jeff: Let's talk about today's challenge. Great job on the first half, fell  apart on the second half. Phillip, you put yourself in that hero role again.  No, i don't see it that way. I see it as putting myself in the role that  everyone had previously seen on three other occasions where i prevailed.  Jeff: Who lost this challenge today?  I would say i lost the portion.  Jeff: That's what i'm talking about. The guy who says "gimme the  ball" is the guy saying "count on me. ".  But i'm also the guy who when the statue came up out of the boat i picked it  up by myself where the other team took three men to carry it. Maybe that  tired me out, i don't know. All you can do is make sure the next day you put  forth another 110%, that's how winners become winners.  Jeff: So Michael, you lose another immunity challenge, here we are at tribal  council. It's you or Julia. How do you pitch yourself to these four about why  they should keep you?  Well, i didn't start today, i started when i landed on the beach. And i  haven't stopped. I've just been working hard trying to get everybody to trust  me so that they can know that when it comes to the merge they feel  comfortable moving forward with me.  Jeff: Cochran, corrine was very vocal last tribal council about saying  "i like to play with the gays." so could Michael's friendship with  corrine work against him?  Yeah, i mean, if people perceive Michael as being more connected to corrine  and more likely to want to work solely with her, i can see that working  against him.  Look, this is a little grossly exaggerated. Like, i've only known him for a  handful of days and i think it's neat that he's gay. But a twosome alliance  this does not make, you know what i mean?  <br/>Jeff: So Michael, what's going to happen?  I want to get to the vote. I wanted to get to the vote as soon as we got back  from the challenge today. I mean, i feel like, you know, a cat hanging on to  a tree for, like, four or five days going like oh, my God, what's going to  happen? You know? And i'm ready to find out.  Jeff: Julia, how about you? How comfortable are you that you will survive  tonight's vote?  You know, i came into this game thinking i was going to play it one way and  then circumstances had me play it another way so i was out of that comfort  zone and trying to improvise. I'm trying to maybe start analyzing what did i  do right; what did i do wrong. But i think i may have gotten a little too  comfortable at some point. Maybe that will hurt me tonight.  Jeff: Well, it is time to vote. Julia, you're up.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it now would be the time to do so. Okay, once the votes are read  the decision is final. The person will be asked to leave the tribal council  area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Michael. Julia. Michael.  Julia. Three votes Michael; two votes Julia. One vote left. Julia. We have a  tie. We're going do revote. Here's how it works. Michael and Julia, you will  not vote. Everybody else, you can only vote for Michael or Julia. Phillip, if  you'll grab the urn. I'll go tally the votes. Once the votes are read, the  decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal  council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Julia. Julia. Two  votes Julia. Eighth person voted out of "Survivor" fans versus  favorites, Julia.  Bye sweetie.  That's three, that's enough. You need to bring me your torch. Julia, the  tribe has spoken.  It's been fun. Good luck.  Bye, honey.  Jeff: Well, Michael, writing's on the wall. You have got your work cut out  for you.  (laughs).  Jeff: Grab your torches, head back to camp. Good night. Captioning brought to  you by Survivor productions, cbs, captioned by media access group at wgbh  access.wgbh.org  jeff: Next time on "Survivor", a america shakes things up, leveling  the playing field.  Now there's an individual game. I have to worry about everybody.  Welcome aboard.  Jeff: And everyone is surprised by an unexpected feast.  It's a food-eating competition.  Yuck! (gagging)  oh, God.  This game was so different than i expected going into it. It was tough to go  up against a veteran player, people who knew the game inside and out and who  played before and be at their mercy. That's one of the worst feelings at this  game is being at the mercy of other people. But i've had a wonderful  experience although it's been incredibly frustrating at times and i could  haven't don