<br/>jeff: Previously on "Survivor": Drop your buffs. We are switching  tribes.  Oh, man!  Jeff: At the new bikal tribe, the favorites had a numbers advantage over the  fans, but it couldn't mend an old feud between Phillip and Corinne.  I would like to dump Phillip as soon as possible.  Corinne consistently has conversations with Michael and for me that's ub  acceptable.  Jeff: While the new gota tribe was riding high, Malcolm was gathering  information--  i have the idol.  Jeff:... To plot his next move alongside Eddie, Erik, and Reynold.  I want to spearhead having these four guys join forces.  Jeff: At the last immunity challenge, gota continued their impressive winning  streak. Gota wins immunity! After Phillip didn't deliver a win for bikal, he  claimed losing was all part of his plan to take out jewel yark the weakest of  the fans.  I mean, it's complete crap. This is compliet a lie.  We're still on with splitting, right?  There's no point splitting the vote. I want to make sure he trusts us.  Jeff: But Phillip's feud with Corinne--  i have the numbers without him.  Jeff:... Made him consider taking out her new ally, Michael. At tribal  council, bikal went along with Corinne and unanimously vote out their weakest  member. Eighth person voted our the request 9 Survivor: Fans versus  favorites," Julia. Julia, the describe of tribe has spoken. 12 are left.  Who will be voted out tonight.  Michael, congratulations.  Oh, my God.  Thank you so much. I'm so happy to be here. Thank you.  A true Survivor.  Know it was hard probably to see Julia go. It was her or you, so... Tribal  was this this whole rigamarole of splitting vote, but obviously i did my job.  I made sure Michael stayed. It was beautiful. And so Michael's mine.  I'm so happy.  Congrats, baby.  Thank you.  Sorry.  All of a sudden Phillip pulls Dawn and i aside like an a.d.d. kid. He can't  wait, he's got something he wants to say.  There was one thing we didn't that i didn't clue you in on.  What.  I threw the challenge today.  No way.  Di.  Wow.  Cochran knew about it, but basically you noticed what i was doing but you  didn't figure it out. You said, "Phillip, pull the line in  quicker." remember that "pull the line in quicker." i wasn't  pulling it in quicker.  There was no point in saying, "Phillip i know you didn't throw the  challenge." like i would say to a normal person, "you're kidding,  right? You didn't throw the challenge. It was the biggest joke of the year.  It was tough for me to do that as a competitor but i thought there's no way  in hell i'm walking over there with having only gotten rid of one person.  You could have just told us. We would have said okay.  When i actually made the decision it wasn't before. It happened in the game  and i was like, go for it. I knew you guys were going to want me to do that.  At the challenge. That's convenient. That's around the same time that you  blew the challenge.  I just don't believe it. Like just say, "i screwed up on the  challenge." it's annoying.  Are you kidding? It's, like, really embarrassing for him.  I know.  It's times like these where you're like, yes, he's a loyal alliance member  but he's so cuckoo for cocoa puffs, there's no question Phillip has to go.  You know what's a nice luxury? I don't think that most of the fans have a  brain. I think only Michael does. I don't think Sherri, Eddie, and Reynold.  Can't judge them until i get around them.  They're not savvy players. It's remarkable.  We all get together, try to avied any one-off conversations because they're  going to be looking. We've got a beautiful thing going on right now. I just  want to be sure our alliance is hyper vill jant. But keeping it fun.  It's day 20 and we're anticipating a merge some time soon. I tried really  hard to play this time like it's a brand new game but this is about the point  where last time the game fell apart for me really within a two-day time  period, Cochran had flipped and everything change. I'm going to go to the  well. I think it will be good for me.  You want to go by yourself.  Yeah.  You sure?  Yeah.  It is kind of funny that i cry so much. But it's almost impossible not to cry  when i think what a million dollars can do for my family. I have six  children. I mean, that's college. That's life changing for their future.  There's so much on the line. I want to make sure i don't sit back. Last time  i let my game go to heck. I let Cochran flip. I didn't tell anyone. I didn't  change, like, the outcome for me. Like you need to be a decision makener this  game. You can't let the game happen to you. You have to be the one that makes  the decisions. Those are the people that win.  There's a big boat coming towards us.  What?  There's a boat coming ashore.  It's a boat and it's turning!  Something's happening.  Oh, my God!  We've been saved!  I don't know what's going on, but something awesome is about to happen. These  cool diewdz in their vincent boat just pulled up.  Get me off of this island!  Do you speak english?  He's got a note. Oh, my God. Read it.  Gota tribe, gather up everything you need for the remainder of your time in  carammon pup will need this key when you arrive at your new home! ( cheers )  the note says a new home. So we're thinking merge time, baby.  Awesome!  We load up the boat.  I'm ready to get back with the old favorites, Phillip, Cochran, Dawn. I  haven't seen them fair while. Now that it's an individual game i have to  worry about everybody. It's exciting but i have to be on my toes.  Onward and upwards.  Oh, my God! No way, you guys!  Seeing the boat coming and that the merge had arrived is always the part of  the game i'm most excited about ( applause )  it was like an awesome moment to than you've actually made the merge and all  these people that you haven't met thus far are going to be injected into game  with you which is kind of nice because you're really sick of talking to the  same people over and over again.  Welcome aboard.  I didn't know what kind of welcoming we were going to receive but it was like  everybody ran on the beach. It felt like friends,un.  Welcome to the other beach!  It's ironic, because we've been so at each other's throats, fans versus  favorites but they gave us a new of nice warm welcome.  Read the note.  Oh, my God.  Let's open that thing already.  Oooh! ( applause )  green, baby.  All right, us. Green!  Yeah, i love it.  The first thing we do, of course is go right for the food. So the food goes  down, and Dawn goes into mom mode and starts making sandwiches, cutting the  cheese. Literally cutting the cheese.  I'm so happy to be here today.  Congratulations, everybody.  Yeah.  Especially you guys had such a hard first half of the game.  What are you talking? Seven losses in a row? No big deal.  We're all with each other now.  Do we know our name?  I think we should with stanley.  We were like what if we called it douglas.  Enil dame means new beginning.  Everyone is cool with that name?  I'm okay with that.  It has a nice ring to it.  The fact the of the Matter sijust wanted to name the tribe after my mom, her  name is madeleine, and it's madeleine backgrounds.  It's enil adam. I may be butchering it. This is the dumbest name ever, and it  has too many syllable  fraum, i want my hug.  Oh, yeah.  It's good to see my girl.  I know.  Okay, i belief in my peeps. We know favorite have to go all the way. What  happens after six, we don't but we know how to play this game. I can tell you  right now, Cochran, myself, daun-- and me.  Tight tower.  It's a tight four. When you're laying in bed tonight pretend you're boston  rob. That's what i do. We can win. Thp one of us four could win it. It would  be tough but it means make something streakic moves at the right time. As  long as the powerful men from the fans goes first--  yes.  One thing i know about Corinne is that the people that she would try to go to  now would be the fans but she wouldn't do it too soon.  To me, personally, this first vote... It's not a huge deal. I mean, there's  eight favorites and four fans, so i feel secure in my alliance and my  alliance within an alliance but it's a lot scarier now because it's  individual and people start getting hungrier and they want to start making  moves and this is the time. This is when people start scrambling, and in  scrambles, anything can happen.  Malcolm, you have no idea. He was awful to me. It was like the crazy Phillip  from the other season times 10. We didn't know what to do with him.  Yeah.  He was nasty to me. At one point i was like,... Take Phillip out.  I don't plan on sitting around for a long time.  How do we work this. There were not enough members of us.  Reynold and Eddie are completely in my pock.  Erik floats around but he's on board with the guys.  I've got Michael.  That's six.  I haven't liked this passive plodding along game i've been playing with the  favorites. And i've been looking to make my move. We have a very fragile  six-person alliance that the expoint there are 12 people left in this game.  That's not a clear-cut majority. If we can get through one vote and keep our  numbers intact then we have the ultimate power to do what we want.  I feel like Sherri is the easiest person.  She's weird. You'll see. It's uncomfortable dealing with her.  If we take Sherri out first and then Phillip. He's the head of this nonsense.  As long as Phillip goes, the whole organization will crumble. I missed you so  much. You have no idea. The most amazing thing about Malcolm in a five-minute  download we can get on the same page. He's like i have Reynold and Eddie. Do  you have mike snell and i'm like, yup, Michael is mine. Oh, my God. Thank God  for Malcolm. We're going to vote together on the first vote and blindside the  favorites. I've yet to be involved in a blindside. It's time. Blindside time.   "can you stomach the stress of tribal council? Have you bitten off more  than you can chew?"  yes!  "swallow your pride and a whole lot more."  yes!  "or by this evening you could be through."  eating things?  .  No, gross.  Bugs, tarantulas, worms.  Oh, my God!  I'm really not looking in order to this.  Tree mail comes and what is it, my one weakness-- eating disgusting stuff. It  is going to be a true test, and i guess it's fitting. The time i need it the  most, personal immunity, it's going to be the thing that's hardest for me.  The worst part is when you go home and like you're about to hook up with the  chick's and they're like didn't you eat a cow's... Or something.  He is worried it might damage his dating prospect, that he partook in  something gross, particularly alienating women. For me i need a  rehabilitation. It might add a wild streak to me and make me look a little  more truss. I think this is exactly what my love life needs.  Jeff: Come on in, guys!  Jeff: You guys ready to get to your first individual immunity challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: First things first, Andrea. Get rid of this.  Individual n-  jeff: Tribal immunity is no more.  No mas.  Jeff: Individual immunity is what you covet.  I like it.  Jeff: For today's challenge you will take part in a "Survivor"  classic. It's a food-eating competition where you will race to get down local  delicacies.  Okay.  Jeff: It won't always be pleasant. They won't always be familiar but these  are things that are eaten out here every day. You'll square off in a series  of elimination rounds until only two remain. Winner gets the immunity  necklace ssafe at tribal council. Everybody else gets to tribal vulnerable,  and somebody will be votedly out tonight. We're going to draw for positions.  We'll get started.  I'm so nervous!  Come on, Corinne! Suck it up!  Mine moved a little.  Jeff: All right, we have our first round of six. Andrea, Sherri, Corinne, Erik,  Eddie, and Malcolm. The first three to finish will move on to the next round.  Let's reveal and see what you're eating  it's moving.  Jeff: This is beatle larva.  It's running off the plate.  Jeff: This takes us back to season one, first time we did this.  I'm going to be sick.  Is it going to bite me?  Jeff: First three to finish move on. Survivors ready? Go!  Go, go, go, go, go!  Jeff: Everybody throwing them in, nobody messing around.  Go Corinne.  Jeff: Show me an empty mouth when you're done, completely empty. Andrea's  good, that's one. Looking for two more to move on. Immunity on the line.  Malcolm is in.  Nice!  Come on, come on!  Jeff: One spot left. Eddie is in, that's it. Sher eerk Corinne, and Erik are  out of this challenge just like that  jeff: All right, we have our next round-- Reynold, Brenda, Phillip, Michael,  cock expran daun. You're eating the same thing the first six ate. Reveal.  Oh, my God!  Jeff: More beatle larvae.  Wait, you have to put your hands down. Not yet.  Can i go whole.  Jeff: Dawn put your food down.  Don't call it food.  Put it down?  Jeff: Just wait.  For? Everybody put your hands on the table. Three more from this round will  move on. Survivors ready? Go!  Come on Dawn, you've got it.  Jeff: You've got to show me an empty mouth.  Chew, chew, chew, chew, chew. Enjoy it. Cochran, like that.  Wow! Phillip, one spot left. Dawn looking for it, Michael, Brenda, Reynold,  who's going to join Phillip and Cochran? Michaels that. Moving on keep it  down! There it is! Michael, Phillip, and Cochran moving on. Dawn, Brenda and Reynold  out of this challenge. No shot at immunity.  So disgusting!  Jeff: Just like that we are down to six. Andrea, Cochran, Phillip, Michael, Eddie,  and Malcolm. Three of you will move on to the next round. Reveal. Whees  looets see what you're eating.  Oh, what!  Jeff: These are ship worms.  Oh, my God!  Are they alive?  Jeff: They're not actually worms. They're part clam family. Think of these as  the ocean's equivalent of a termite. They'll bore through ships, they'll eat  wood.  And they have bones.  You worms.  I like the fact that this is slimy. It just wets my appetite.  Jeff: Here we go. Three are moving on. Survivors ready? Go.  Do it, do it, do it!  Cochran!  Jeff: Gotta get it all the way down.  Take it down, guys.  Jeff: Malcolm is there, Eddie is there. One spot left.  Oh, my God!  Jeff: Cochran moving on. Wow, that was fast.  Oh, my God!  Andrea, great job.  Jeff: You have a ship worm mustache, Andrea. Andrea, Phillip and Michael take  a spot on the bench. We are down to three, Eddie, Cochran and Malcolm. Next  round. Take your spots.  Good job, guys!  Yeah!  Jeff: Two will move into the final round. One of you will join the other  losers on the bench. Reveal.  You can do this, guys.  These are duck embryos.  Why? Why?  Go get them, guys.  I can see the feathers.  Jeff: Go ahead and separate the shell. Set it back down. ( laughter ). You  can see the fecters.  Ety, there's nothing.  Jeff: You can see lailgt beak. This is a delicacy we used before but it  originated here in the philippines. This is the real deal.  Mine's still moving.  Jeff: All right, here we go, two move on to the final round.  Come oguys!  Jeff: Survivors ready? Go!  Eddie, come on, come on!  Jeff: Cochran! He's moving on. It is between Eddie and Malcolm to join Cochran  in the final. Eddie, who spits some up, but he's got to find that to get it  back down. Malcolm still chewing. Who's it going to be?  Let's go! Malcolm, you got it!  Jeff: Malcolm moving on versus Cochran in the final round! ( applause )  i love that Cochran nailed it.  Jeff: Eddie could not keep it down.  I bit the beak. That was the first thing bit.  Jeff: Cochran, Malcolm, takes your spots at the final meal. Cochran, in the  finals of an immunity challenge.  Malcolm!  Let's go, Cochran! ( applause ).  Jeff: This is david and goliath. I mean, eating.  He said ginger kobashi. What am i supposed to do against that?  Bring it on.  Jeff: Let's reveal the final food item.  It looks like brains.  Jeff: You are right. It is pig brains.  It's bacon! ( laughter )  back of your throat. Swallow it whole.  Jeff: The first person to show me a completely empty mouth, wins immunity, it  safe at the vote, guaranteed a one in 11 shot of winning this game. Survivors  ready? Go.  Jeff:s this going to go fast. Cochran pulls it out for immunity! ( applause )   Cochran! ( applause ) yeah!  Jeff: Take it in, brother.  Wow.  Good job, Malcolm.  Jeff: Cochran, come on over.  I've been waiting my whole life for this. It's going to touch my shoulders.  It's going to be incredible.  Oh!  Jeff: Cochran! Safe at tonight's tribal council. Cannot be voted out of this  game. As for the rest of you, after 22 days, somebody will be going home  tonight. Get your stuff. Head back to camp. I'll see you tonight at tribal  council. Congrats.  Thanks.  Good job, Cochran.  Thank you.  Published my excessive celebration. It's just i'm very aware there are very  few challenges i have a chance of winning.  This is so bad-ass, too. It really is.  I think it was tailor made for me. Today a immunity challenge was a true  "Survivor" classic and the fact i got to the find round and the  final round was between me, this little pip-squeak, and Malcolm, the golden God  of this tribe. And the fact that i won is dream fulfillment.  You're a true Survivor.  Thank you.  Great job.  We're leadership for you. This over-the-top, somewhat obnoxious victory  celebration because i know this moment probably isn't going to happen again.  Any other individual having that sort of display of basically bad  sportsmanship it would have rubbed them the wrong way but somehow everybody  seemed happy for me. And now i finally know the thrill of victory.  Cochran, of all people, won immunity today. I'm happy for him. You know. I  like Cochran but since i dont plan on keeping him around that long i'm glad  we got this done early so he can check that off the bucket list.  No one wants us around.  Everyone wants to throw us under the bus.  So it makes sense to stick together.  I talked to Corinne, she's totally on board.  Reynold is down.  Corinne bring along mike.  Yeah.  Phillip's definitely gonna be gunning for me or Reynold.  This is the only stressful one because the numbers are tight.  They're huge.  I feel like i've got all my troops in line bbut the situation is very fluid  and the only certainty is we are going to tribal council. There are a lot of  independent, free thinkers around here. They're going to have to fall into  line if this thing is going to work. Luckily, Corinne is in my corner, and  she's definitely a fighter. So what i'm thinking is we do a split vote.  Between Eddie and Reynold. Thereby sending one of the two power bases home.  That's the most prudent thing to do.  Yeah, well, i'm not a big fan of the split vote.  Just think about.  Let me pitch something else to you. Eddie and Reynold and all the fans want Sherri  gone. They don't like Sherri. Why don't we just take Sherri out first and  make it an easy first vote and split the second vote.  The problem for that for me is i want a big fish to go home the first time.  I expected this was going to happen. Phillip is talkin talking about  splitting votes and flushing the idol out because i want to avoid that at all  cost. I need Reynold and Eddie. And i don't want them flipping out.  I believe in getting rid of of the power first.  I was furious that he wouldn't even listen to what i had to say and just his  utter disregard for anyone else's feelings. And that was it. I wasn't already  going to turn, that sealed my fate.  Look, my only concern, really, is i don't want split votes. If you want to  take out literally anybody i'll take them out. I feel like Sherri is an easy  one.  Phillip will be the hardest to convince.  But he's one person. We don't need him. We should strong arm him like he  strong arms us. That's what he does to me all the time.  Corin adamant we don't target Eddie and Reynold. If Sherri goes, no sweat off  my back. Sherri is an easy vote and her elimination would lock the favorites'  numbers in a way that would be irreversible.  I think at this point we need to make a statement to him.  If he's completely outnumbered, he's not going to be a vocal minority about  it. What doesn't body well is corand i know Phillip hate eaching and have a  suspicion of each other that is unhealthy and if the favorites don't come  together, that is admitting to the world, fans including, that we're a  dysfunctional group that doesn't trust each other, there are openings, and  we're apt to fall apart, given the right catalyst.  And Dawn is actually on the outs. She's probably willing to come with us,  too. We have to get through the first vote.  We have to knock out Sherri.  Sure.  Hopefully that laib slam-dunk and then we can move from there.  I've hitched my wagon to this Malcolm and Corinne counter-alliance and  they're receptive to the idea of bringing some of the fans in and  over-throwing the tyranny of lord Phillip of the high shelter. And i'm just  like, this is amazing.  Phillip's got this grandiose-- he thinks he is totally going to the end.  The way he walks around camp, too.  You have no idea.  It's so pompous.  I want to punch him every day. I hate him. Hate. As long as you trust me,  i'll trust you. Don't waiver. Let's clean up the house.  Let's clean it up.  I'm going to go back.  Obviously, Eddie and i have been delusionally optimistic the entire game. If  this vote goes as planned, is it &amp; Sherri going gz home i'll definitely  be in an alliance that's calling the shots and i'll be back in business. But  what i'm looking at is am i being hurt? I do feel like this alliance is a  democracy? Do i feel like when i come with a point, do people treat me like  i'm an idiot.  After this vote, if Phillip keeps treating me the way he has i want him going  gunn. The reason it's easy to take Phillip is you can get anybody behind it.  Malcolm would do it. Eddie and Reynold are very willing to play ball.  What about Michael?  100% vote.  That's, like, six people. Malcolm, you--  Erik.  If Erik's in, too, that's, like, seven. Corinne is suggesting i join with  them and break up the alliance of the favorites, and i'm thinking, okay, here  we go again. Last time i played i came into this kind of information, and i  didn't share it with anybody, and that was my downfall last time. So i can't  repeat that same mistake. She wants to blindsside Phillip and the rest of the  favorites and she's got the fans to do it. Those guys are in her back pocket  now.  Dawn just approached me very frantic saying Corinne let it be known that  apparently she reAllied this group of troops together that gives her the  numbers and post-merge control of the game.  And we're going to take out Sherri, so we'll be at 11 and they'll be at six.  We should have been voting out Reynold or Eddie, which is Corinne's doing.  Yeah. Oh, brother.  I promise if i had numbers to vote her out tonight, i would vote her out.  Would love that.  Sherri's a possible vote with us, so...  I think we have Brenda.  Even we got Brenda tonight. Brenda, you, me, Andrea, Phillip. Sherri is still  six. Then it's a tie.  Corinne, who i thought didn't have a strategic bone in her body, she's  positioned herself in a way that we have been basically acquiescing to every  demand she's made. So it's a sobering situation, and if we don't come up with  a plan it could be devastating to my game and the game of my Allies.  What's up?  Apparently, like, Corinne approached Dawn and she made it sound like she has Reynold,  Eddie, Malcolm, Erik, and Michael. And if we vote off Sherri tonight oorkts  five versus six. And they'll vote off Phillip next.  Yeah.  If we're on the wrong side of the numbers, we're dead.  Hm. Everyone was on board with voting Sherri out, and then i heard that coirn  is talking about possibly flipping, and if she can pull all these people,  then we're all screwed. So she's dangerous.  Corinne is freaking calling every vote.  I'm kind of up for a little blindside.  It would be fantastic if you think it's possible to do.  Well, if we can get Sherri and-- Erik's wishy-washy. I guess he would go along  with what Malcolm. It's ridiculous to think i'm counting on Sherri, who is  one of the fans, and even Erik, of all people. He's the huge question mark  because he distribute talk strategy to anybody which makes me nervous because  i have no idea what he's thinking.  Corinne, she has Reynold, Eddie, and Michael. She has enough people to  blindside you next vote after sher eerk which means then it's me next--  she's not thinking of anybody but herself. I've been saying that all along.  Why don't we get rid of her tonight?  I want to do that. My core alliance came through in a big way. Corinne, she's  running around telling everybody she's got a coalition to vote out who, the  specialist, out of the game, me, Phillip sheppard. How dare she try to get me  out of the game? I'm the one who originally brought her in, and i will not  allow Corinne to take control of this game. Well, suffice it to say fitell to  you vote Corinne and you did it, you would have automatically changed your  fate because this will tell me if i can use you again.  Phillip came up to me and said, "if you want to go further in this game,  you need to vote out Corinne and come with us. I'm fighting hard to stay in  this game, and i'm willing to make a really big move. The problem si can't  stand Phillip. He's so arrogant.  Just point to the name. It's just not hanging right. Okay.  It's disconcerting that my fate in this game right now rests in the hands of  somebody like Sherri who is desperate for some sort of footing in the game.  And you have Erik the ice cream scooper, somebody who distribute like  strategy and proved himself to be incompetent with playing this game.  This thing's happening like we have the numbers already. So we'll just vote  for Sherri.  Malcolm came up to me and said, "vote for Sherri." Andrea said vote  out Corinne. I have no idea what's going on but i feel like i'm swing vote so  i'm suddenly becoming a very valuable player, which is so cool. I just wish i  knew what i was going to do.  Jeff: Wow. 12 people left. So since the switch, only fans have been voted out  of this game. Michael, does it seem like a fair assumption to make that that  would continue tonight?  I think it is a fair assumption. It's been pretty clear to us that the  favorites are going to be sticking together.  Jeff: Corinne as somebody who has played this game you can appreciate what it  would be like to be in the position of the fans where it feels a little  helpless.  Yeah, it's bleak, but, you know, a situation is never helpless. And, you  know, i'm not about-- if you come do me with a good idea, i'll probably  listen.  Jeff: Dawn, Corinne is saying, listen, i'm open. It doesn't have to be eight  favorites, four fans.  Well, there's 12 of us, and 12 of us aren't going to be in the final three so  it makes sense that we're all trying to make decisions that will further us  in the game longer term.  Jeff: Cochran, does it concern you that Corinne would be honest enough to  say, "talk to me." that's opening a door.  That's one of the good things about Corinne, she is so open and honest about  it. I would be a little more worried if she didn't say she was open to that  possibility. That would make me more suspicious.  Jeff: Reynold, what do you do? You've seen fan gone, fan gone, fan gone, and  you're up against eight people who know how to play this game.  If you're a favorite and played this game before you know if you're not on  the top three or four of this powerhouse alliance, now is the time to start  making some moves. You have four more chess pieces to play with here, so i'm  not count, the fans out yet.  Jeff: Erik, Reynold makes a good argument. Not everybody can be in the top  three in an alliance of eight.  Right. I mean, it's just the way the game goes. There's always going to be  somebody on the bottom who is desperate to get back into something else. So  that's pretty much of the dynamic i feel like is going on right now.  Jeff: Andrea, it's good news/bad news being a returning player. The good news  is you played before. The bad news is, you played before so you know at some  point somebody is not going to tell you the truth and it might be tonight.  I am so much more paranoid this time around because i know a lot of these  people are really good at deceiving and really good at lying.  Jeff: Corinne, would you agree with that?  I will give you a quote, mice tyson says everybody has a plan until you get  punched in the face. Everybody else, even the favorites, as comfortable as we  may seem, every one of us is waiting to get punched in the face.  Jeff: Sherri, is there anything you can do if you're a fan at this point?  I think the fans don't have a shot.  Jeff: Do you believe that?  I do.  Jeff: Reynold, tough spot to be in if you're a fan right now. It doesn't seem  like there's anybody up here you can look at and say they're an easy mark.  Right. ( laughter ).  Jeff: Would you agree?  I think there's a lot more maneuvering that's going on than is even coming  out in this tribal council right now. It hasn't all bubbled to the surface  yet, but this bubble is about to pop pretty soon. Maybe not tonight, but  there's a lot going on.  Jeff: You don't think tonight's vote is going to be a big shocker.  I'm not necessarily sure tonight's vote is going to be a big shocker, but i  think there are some shockers on the way.  Jeff: All right, with that, it is time to vote. Phillip, you're up.  Corinne, you are one of the most selfish people i have ever met in my life.  You played a good game but, unfortunately for you, i wasn't looking for  applications for new friends.  You're dangerous. I just hope that everybody does what they said they were  going to do. I'm really nervous.  Hey, lady, i'm sorry to write your name down. I'm just trying to stay alive  another day, and i hope you're not too upset.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has the hidden immunity idol and  you want to play tno of now would be the time to do so. Okay, once the votes  are read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Sherri.  Sherri. Sherri. Three votes Sherri. Sherri. Sherri. Five votes Sherri.  Corinne. Corinne. Corinne. That's three votes Corinne. Corinne. Four votes Corinne.  We're tied, 5 votes Sherri, five votes Corinne, two votes left.  Oh, my God. Corinne. Six votes Corinne, five votes Sherri, one vote left.  Ninth person voted out of "Survivor: Fans versus favorites," Corinne.  You need to bring me your torch. Corinne, the tribe has spoken. Time for you  to go. Well, judging from the look on Corinne's face, that was anything but a  straightforward vote. And i'm guessing it won't be the last time we are  surprised at tribal council. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good  night. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, captioned by  media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor": It's time for Malcolm to make a  move.  If we're gonna do something, it has to be now.  They thought they cut off the head of the snake.  Jeff: And Eddie flirts his way back into the game.  I am indirectly hitting on you.  I don't know who goes out here and actually falls for someone. I mean, it's  really rare.  In cabone, the people i played with were close to my heart, here, i didn't  like anybody other than Michael and Malcolm. I knew there were problems,  which is why i was looking to move out to a different alliance.  Unfortunately, i'm out of the game. You just gotta look at it as i got to  spend 22 days in an awesome paradise and i made some new memories.