<br/>"Survivor" after the  tribes merged big moves or on everyone's mind but corrine and Malcolm were  putting theirs into action.  We can just quietly take out Sherri first then take fill will you please out.  He's the head of this whole nonsense. As long as Phillip goes that whole  organization will crumble.  Jeff: With plans to break up stealth "r" us they formed a  counteralliance made up of fans and favorites.  He's like i have Reynold and Eddie, do you have Michael? I was like, yup, Michael's  mind.  Oh, God!  Jeff: Of Cochran ate up the competition at the first individual immunity  challenge -- Cochran pulls it out for immunity! Sherri was the target of the  entire tribe but when Dawn caught wind with the secret alliance with the fans  stealth "r" us had to decide between an easy target or a big move.  I'm kind of up for a little blind side. If she can pull all these people  we're all screwed.  Jeff: At tribal council they pulled off the biggest move of the season.  Season. Ninth person voted out of "Survivor" fans versus favorites,  corrine, bring me your torch.  Voting off a member of their alliance in a shocking blind side. Corrine, the  tribe has spoken. 11 are left. Who will be voted out tonight?  Can you believe it, guys, 23 days in "Survivor" we got?  Are we at 23 today?  Yup, it's amazing.  16 more to go.  We are going to do it because we know we're solid with our numbers.  I need to go wash my face.  This is going to be it, boys.  At last night's tribal council corrine gets voted out. I look at last night  as a victory.  Way to go, guys!  Even though we had this counteralliance forming and corrine was a big part of  our counteralliance, at the end of the day, corrine goes home and it's not  me. So, like, have you noticed that every girl that associates herself with  us gets voted out?  I know, nice. Who's the next victim?  I don't know.  I'm at a point where i have nothing to lose. I am ironclad my guys with Eddie  and Malcolm. We're unwaiverringly trustful to each other. So it's just like,  you know what? I have an idol, i'm here, we're all sitting around, i'm going  to play this game. So what's your game strategy at?  I'm playing it day by day. What's your strategy at this point?  I'm just opening the door. I really like you.  (laughs)  with corrine out of the game i've lost my closest ally. Flip side of that is  now i'm the only one no who knows ant my idol. I'm the one that has the only  idol that know one else knows in this game.  Just keep scrambling. It's fun.  I think i've still got the fans. Mike, Eddie and Reynold will go along with  anything i say so i took a hit last night but, you know, i'm still alive.  They thought they'd cut off the head of this snake. They thought they killed  the rebel leader, i guess. They don't know they missed yet.  Term first time i saw you on the beach i was like damn, she's hot.  Thank you. Has mike tried to talk to you at all?  No, he knows it's over and it's going to be sweet revenge when they thought  they could trample you, lady. Treat mama improperly and now look what  happens. Each one of the fans needs to understand if you don't do what we ask  you to, you will go home. Sherri is with us in terms of what her voting will  be and so mike will go home. As the specialist, it's very important that when  i assign you a name, tenacity. Are you prepared to accept the name?  Absolutely, sir.  There's only one requirement to belong to stealth "r" us. You must  be loyal and absolutely trustworthy. Are you prepared to do that?  Absolutely.  Shake my hand. Welcome to the organization.  Besides the game of "Survivor" i have another game to play. I have  to play the specialist game.  Brenda there is serenity. We also have Malcolm, known as the enforcer.  There's fake organizations, there's secret alliances, it's all crazy.  (laughs) they're all crazy out here.  I have no intentions of voting you out of this game. We're very close.  I am wholeheartedly in with the favorites and i am great with big  personalities. I had no problem with shemar, i can handle shemar. Phillip is  my shemar on this tribe. You give me two more votes and i will be calling  shots with Phillip and he'll be coming to me asking me what i think and  that's my plan.  Jeff: Come on in, guys!  Oh!  Jeff: Guys ready to get to today's reward challenge?  Yes!  Jeff: For today's challenge you'll divide into two teams of five. One member  of each team will be your defender while one at a time members of the other  other team leap off a platform and attempt to throw a ball past your defender  into the net. Each time you get e a ball in the net you score a point for  your team. First team to four wins reward. I know you want to know what  you're playing.  Yes!  Jeff: The winning team will be taken from here to a beautiful waterfall. You  will rappel down the waterfall.  Oh, my gosh!  Jeff: Waiting for you at the bottom, picnic lunch. (applause) we're going to  divide into two teams of five and we'll get started. All right, we've  finished the schoolyard pick. Each team has one defender and four shooters.  Shooting for the purple team: Eric, Eddie, Reynold and Cochran. For the  orange team, don, Phillip and, Andrea, and Brenda. Out in the water got Malcolm  defending for the orange team, Michael will defend for the purple team.  Sherri was not picked, will not go on reward. Eddie, first up for purple.  Who wants some?  Jeff: Eddie right at Malcolm! No love for purple. Sorry, guys. Michael takes  his spot, Brenda for orange. Brenda launched one and it's in! Orange scores  1-zip. Erik going to be up for purple. Erik goes high and scores! We are tied  1-1. Up next, Andrea. She could put her team ahead 2-1 right here. She goes  high and she scores! Orange leads 2-1. Reynold up for purple. Orange leads  2-1.  Hey!  Jeff: Just short. No score.  Jeff: Dawn, the oldest woman in this challenge.  Come on, mama!  Jeff: Dawn fires one. Oh, just misses! Orange still leads 2-1. Cochran won  the last individual immunity challenge.  Go, Cochran!  You got it!  Cochran!  Jeff: Cochran is on a tear in challenges lately. Cochran scores and we are  tied 2-2.  Whoo!  Jeff: Up next, Phillip now going to take on Michael.  Come on, specialist.  Jeff: Phillip, stutter step goes high and scores for orange. Orange leads  3-2. Eddie, back up. Purple would like to tie it up right here. He goes high  and he scores! Closing the gap. It is 3-3. Brenda. Orange could win it right  here.  You got this! You got this! She goes high! Just misses! Right on the edge,  wouldn't go in opening the door for the purple team. Malcolm once again with  the pressure to defend. Erik, purple could win it right here. Big reward,  rappel down a waterfall, picnic lunch, once in a lifetime experience.  I don't know why he took his sneakers off. A mistake!  Jeff: Erik goes high and he scores the winning goal for purple!  Yeah, baby!  Jeff: Erik, Eddie, Cochran, Reynold and Michael going on reward!  I'm on a winning team!  Jeff: Reynold, eric, Cochran, Michael, Eddie, nice job. Big reward. You'll  rappel down the face of that waterfall. Waiting for you, a nice picnic lunch.  Dawn, philip, Andrea, Malcolm, Brenda, Sherri, got nothing for you. Grab your  stuff and head back to camp. All right, guys, enjoy your reward. Have a good  time. (applause)  we get to the reward location and there's this brilliant waterfall 40 or so  feet tall and we're going to have to rappel down it. I'm going to have to  rappel down it. This is not something i do.  Once you're there looking at the wall focus on the wall. You can't focus on  the down. You have to focus on the wall.  I rarely leave my apartment, i rarely leave twitter and the fact that i'm  going to be flung down some waterfall on a rope, i don't even know the  mechanics of it. I have no idea what's going on.  King of the world!  You guys, you look like a pro.  All right, Erik!  Erik!  I've never rappeled in my life so i kind of threw caution to the wind and  just tried to jump down the thing like james bond. It worked out kind of well  for me. It felt kind of natural.  I watched my tribe mates go down the waterfall. It wasn't much consolation  because i had no idea what they were doing but i'm learning to embrace it.  This is the same guy that was afraid to take off his shirt the last time i  played "Survivor." now i'm flying down a waterfall after winning a  challenge. It was fantastic. Still a little bit nerve-wracking. I kind of  slid on some mossy rocks and bungled the job a little bit but i loved it.  All right, guys!  Tuna. Clubs.  These are awesome. Thank you again for picking me.  This was meant to be.  To a great afternoon.  There was a total post-big win locker room guys mentality going on after this  reward challenge. (belching) it's just simple, it's pure. Everything's gotten  so complicated out here it was a great reprieve for all of us.  The last fans versus favorite was dominated by women in the end. How cool  would it be if it was dominated by guys.  Hope's gone so there's nobody worth (bleep)ing anyways.  Seriously, Cochran, three warriors, three united votes. We're a united block.  The pitch to Cochran was let's take the muscle to the end. Let deese this all  guy's alliance. Let's bro down, get the scheming crazy girls that keep  flirting with all of us out of here and take the strong guys to the end.  "Survivor" is all about who's -- you know, a handful of legendary  moves people have never forgotten. You want to be one of them.  "Survivor" big moments. I like that.  Reynold, Eddie and Michael must not know me if they think that emphasizing  the testosterone unity between us and we're men, we're men and we wait women  and we're going to slap each other with towels in the locker room and chug  beers. That doesn't work with me. That doesn't appeal to me at all.  All right us! I won't be engaging in any masculine tom foolery with these  numskulls.  Well, we tried.  We're all on the same page, we don't need a paranoia day.  We lose the reward-- saw it coming a mile away, got over pretty quick because  while i didn't get to go on a reward i was with the people i needed to be  around. I need numbers and it's easiest to scoop up the people on the bottom  and Sherri and Dawn seem like the most likely candidates to me. We're on the  bottom. Best case if we stay is that mike, Reynold and ededly go first. If we  do it we don't really need more than five. If they think we're in on it  they'll split the vote: Four Reynold; four Eddie and then we're guaranteed  final five.  Favorites think they have eight people. They think it's the seven remaining  favorites and they've brought in Sherri for eight against three which would  be mike, Reynold and Eddie. I'm oeupbg to take advantage of that because if  they go with that and i can pull in a five-person alliance that's enough to  take over the game. We're on the bottom.  Right.  If we are going to do something it has to be now.  Yeah, but how?  There's six people if you're in.  You're saying use the four fans --  they're already in, Sherri just agreed. But we all have to do it.  Right. Malcolm's come to me and said here's how i want to vote. Here's who  i'll work with. Do you want to come on board? And i'm thinking he's going to  be a problem. Let me talk to Sherri, let me think and then talk to you. It  would be great if i could give him the impression i was voting with him and  we could all just take him out. Malcolm approached me and said he has four  guys and me, that's what they need. And the way they would want to do it  would be that you guys would split the votes for Eddie and Reynold and that  we would have five.  He's trying to flip it.  Did he say something to you?  Yeah, he wants me to flip with Sherri.  What?  Yup.  I think we tell him we're splitting the votes, we make him think that he's  pulling this great blind side, he's going to think he's amazing.  Which means Sherri and i have to go along.  You tell him we're going along with it, we all just vote Malcolm out.  Malcolm has been trying to play double duty. He's been trying to play me as  if he was still part of the core alliance. Me, the specialist.  What's the word?  We're going to do a split for Eddie and Reynold. He's going to be thinking  we're voting for Reynold and Eddie when, in fact, we're going to be voting  for him. Nothing to do it's kind of nice to get away and i felt like i was a  little kid sneaking out from my parents' house again when Eddie and i went to  the lagoon and Eddie's really hot so, like, maybe we're dating, i don't know  if this is island dating, i'm not sure. But the more i play up this possible Eddie  relationship the more likely he is to maybe vote for me in the end or give me  information.  So what are you thinking.  About what?  I mean, i'll do whatever i need to do, i guess, is what i'm saying. Well,  except for vote out Reynold.  You promise?  Promise what?  You'll vote the way i say?  Yeah. What?  I don't know.  I'm not playing you.  Yeah.  Get rid of me, mike, and Reynold you know what i mean? Get rid of the three  fans. What's going to happen after that with you? You know what i mean?  Uh-huh. I trust you but i don't trust the other people that are with you.  I'm saying i could be an asset to you. That's whey what i'm saying.  But you won't vote against Reynold. Will you vote against Malcolm?  If i have to. What's troubling to me is i don't think Andrea wants to vote me  out. I think she wants to keep me here. I think she likes me and i think she  really does want to drag me along in this game and i just need to be dragged  two or three more votes before i can get up on my own feet and start punching  people.  I mean, do you know anything about idols.  No, i really don't.  Honestly?  Nope.  If you can give me information on what Malcolm is suggesting and just to me i  can at least guarantee that next vote won't be you and then we can work vote  to vote and i can try to figure out how to sneak you by. I'd vote for you if  you're in the top three. I like you.  I don't see myself going that for.  Seriously, you don't know. I don't know who goes out here and actually falls  for someone. That's really rare. Normally there's an element of playing  somebody. So i know i'm playing Eddie but i'm seeing if he's trying to play  me. Well, i appreciate that you came to me.  Even though it's a game i still only like talking to certain people, you know  what i mean?  (laughs)  i am indirectly hitting on you.  (laughs) couldn't tell.  Jeff: Guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: Today's challenge is going to test your ability to remain calm when  everything else in your body urges you to do otherwise. You'll each take a  spot in the water underneath a grated steel barrier. As the tide rises the  water will rise. As the water rises, your space to breathe will decrease  until you run out. The person who lasts the long nest this challenge wins  immunity, is guaranteed a 1-10 shot at winning this game. Losers go to tribal  council where somebody will be voted out. All right, Cochran, i have let you  hold on to that necklace as long as i can. If you'll swim it over to me and  everybody can take your spots we'll get started. Thank you. Once again  immunity is back up for grabs. Everybody slide under the grate. This  challenge is officially on.  This is this sucks already.  This is how we'd be spending our day back at camp anyways, just floating in  the water. It's going to be a lot more difficult. That tide is starting to  rise. It's slow but it's steady.  Jeff: You are running out of space. The water has risen about three inches.  Now you're going to start feeling it nip at you'res.  Jeff: You've now been out here one hour. The water is now inching toward the  one-inch mark. Slowly you are running out of space. Now you're going to be  tested. Now comes the part of the challenge where you need to remain calm the  water now starting to crest above that grate. Phillip is the first person out  of this challenge. Take a spot up there on the platform. We are down to ten.  The biggest obstacle in this challenge is going to be your sense of panic.  Sherri, second person out of this challenge. And Erik is the third person out  of this challenge. We are down to eight. Dawn struggling to stay in this.  Taking on a lot of water. Dawn opts out of the challenge. The fourth person  out of this channel.  Those waves suck.  (coughing).  Jeff: Everybody having to make some sort of a snorkel using their hands while  trying not to take on too much water and not panicking when they do. It's a  lot. Malcolm is out of the challenge.  You did so good!  Jeff: Mike, struggling trying to stay in this.  Look at mike falling apart.  Jeff: Oh, geez, he's out. Good job, mike.  Jeff: Michael's out of the challenge. We are down to five!  Hang on for a second you're going to be dizzy.  Jeff: It is Cochran, Reynold, Brenda, Eddie and Andrea. The water now above  the grate. Eddie's taking in a lot of water. Cochran now starting to panic.  Reynold underwater, will he come back up? Eddie's out of this challenge.  Cochran's out of the challenge, Reynold is out of the challenge.  The girls!  Jeff: Just like that we are down to two in a Matter of three seconds the  three remaining guys opted out. It is Brenda and Andrea. Brenda has not moved  since this challenge started. Her leg has been draped. Andrea's legs have  been draped since this challenge started. We'll know the panic is coming when  the legs start to move. Andrea struggling a bit but still in it. Brenda still  calm. Andrea struggling some more. There go the legs. And she's back in it!  Andrea still in it! Still fighting! Is she going to come back up? No, Andrea's  out. Brenda wins immunity! Somebody let her know. (cheers and applause) Brenda,  you good to swim over here? Come get it. (applause) Brenda safe at tonight's  tribal council. Guaranteed a 1-10 shot at winning this game. The rest of you  after 25 days somebody's going home tonight. Tkpwr-b your stuff, head back to  camp. I'll see you at tribal. Congrats.  Jeff: Way to go, Brenda! Looks good on you, you earned that baby.  You had one leg through. You looked like you was on a vacation. I'm just  kicking back here, baby, all day long.  This next vote has to be the turning point in the game that i've been waiting  for. It's the last time that i definitely can't have the numbers on my side.  I wait any longer, Reynold, Eddie, mike are going to be gone. They're easy  pickings for votes right now. The favorites have to think i'm 100% with them  or they're not going to split the vote. So i've sat on the bottom for 25 days  and i'm going to make my move on top.  So it's four girls and Reynold, four guys and Eddie and we get Reynold.  But on the second vote --  it's Reynold no Matter what.  Reynold no Matter what.  I'm so tired. Everything's fine.  We're good.  Ran off, had a chat with Andrea. She's calling the shots, i need her to think  i'm on board with her plan and her trusting me with that plan means she  doesn't suspect what's going on. What i have up my sleeve.  Malcolm's a good liar. I'm lying to him; he's lying to me. Just this whole  dynamic of it is pretty hilarious. Now he's trying to pull Dawn over and Dawn  is working it. Dawn is the m.v.p. of the -- i don't know where this Dawn came  from. After new Dawn is -- she's good at this.  Okay, you want to take out fill trip?  No.  Who do you want to take out?  Andrea.  Okay.  Andrea is the leader out here. As much as Phillip has bluster and as much as  these guys are upset with him, he's not running things, he's kind of a joke.  When you're trying to stir a pot inside a rebellion, you don't kill the  prince, you kill the person actually running the show which is Andrea. I want  to play this game to the end. If we don't do it now we don't have the chance  and Reynold has an idol.  If you show me the idol then i'll do it. But i'm never going to be able to  look in the eye again.  I'll be there with you tonight.  Okay, okay. It's nut it is fact that i'm coming back after corrine's vote and  Malcolm is still trusting me when i'm the person that gave the information on  corrine tells me that he's not dialed in.  We're good.  And then do we know if they're going split the vote?  They're definitely splitting the vote.  Between who?  You and Eddie. Doesn't Matter, though, they have four me and Dawn with with  you, done, no idol has to be played she just wants to know that we have it  because the next vote will be harry.  Who are we voting?  Andrea.  Yes! Andrea. Okay.  Give me a hand shake on it.  All right.  There's room for one more. I just have less ability to move over.  Yeah.  Oh, my gosh, i'm so beat. All right, cool. You're amazing.  If you don't follow through i go home tonight. So don't screw me.  I know that.  If i have reason to doubt you i'm going to play it for myself tonight.  Right. No, i understand that. I can't stand people that intimidate other  people and i think Reynold is used to being in control and getting what he  want but he did show me the idol, which is huge. I mean now i have more  information about how to vote and what to do. But, i mean, he looked over and  said "if you burn me you'll have hell to pay." and i feel like  shame on you, should haven't shown me your idol. Shame on you, Malcolm. You  should haven't brought me in.  She sat down -- i sat down next to her, i showed her the idol.  Oh, okay.  And she said "okay."  that's what i'm nervous about.  Yeah, of course.  Not following through with it.  Right.  I'm going to talk to Andrea.  Dude she changes her mind every five minutes.  I know.  She promises you the world. She's dangerous, dude. You're going to fall into  a trap with her.  I know.  Let's just get her out of here and then Cochran will probably warm up to us  and bro down with the guys to the end.  All right.  Is that happening?  Maybe.  What do you mean? Because if you're splitting for me and Reynold one of us is  going home.  I can tell you it's not you and Reynold.  Why?  Because it's not working with Reynold i'm working with you.  Reynold is working with me.  I'm just saying it's not you.  Who are you voting for? I don't get it. Are you voting for mike?  Maybe.  If you tell me i'll vote that way and i promise you i won't make a move.  100% i can't. 100% you're not going home.  Can you tell me it's mike or Malcolm?  It's not Malcolm.  It is Reynold?  Do you want to be safe or not?  I want to be safe but i don't want to lose Reynold. What?  Just trust me.  If Reynold plays an idol tonight i go home.  Is he going to play an idol.  I don't know.  Does he have an idol.  Somebody here does.  You said you know he doesn't have an idol.  I don't know anymore. As of right now i don't know anymore.  Well if Malcolm really is betraying me and thinks he has five or six it could  be me, i i guess.  It could be you.  Or whoever.  You're right. So why can't you let me in?  If my name comes up let me know. Right now it's fine.  It's been talked about.  Me?  Yeah! And that's why i'm trying to run around with Reynold, we're trying to  avoid that.  I'm going home tonight! This is, like, Malcolm's targeting me and now i have  to think of a way to -- there's an idol so i have to come up with a way to  change everything up and i don't -- ugh. I may be going home tonight.  Okay, what are we changing?  We have to go with the safe vote and go with Michael.  Okay, if you're in danger, yeah. I'm fine doing Michael. Frankly, i was a  little bit turned off that Andrea was so willing to abandon what i think was  the smartest aggressive move in taking out Malcolm tonight.  I mean, the safest bet ever would be Michael.  I still like Malcolm.  I know but you're not -- i think i'm being targeted.  She's completely changed her mind now suddenly we have to go for the safe  vote which would be to vote out Michael because Michael, unlike anybody else,  has proven time and time again in tribal council not to have an idol.  We are absolutely -- all the work i did today is completely down the drain.  All of it's going to be gone.  No, it's not.  I promise you Malcolm doesn't have the idol. I feel like it's our chance to  take Malcolm out! Like we had a chance, we had a plan, we could have told  everybody and just done it!  I know but it was --  i know, but you're worried because Eddie got involved and made you feel like  you were going home and i'm telling you he wasn't in charge of that vote, it  was happening! I felt feel like my whole game is lost now.  If you really honestly think that -- if you honestly -- if you honestly think  that Malcolm's not going to have an idol played on him, if we're changing the  plan ten minutes to tribal council and it's just you and me doing everything  --  i feel like the three guys don't have immunity tonight with that one idol and  we're thinking Michael.  Honestly --  i had someone show me an idol today. Just to prove that we were safe. You  know?  Yeah. I mean -- i mean, i can change it. It as a glimmer of hope that at the  last tribal council it wasn't a fan that was voted out? It was a favorite?  Yes, i mean, i was a little in shock but also i was, like, oh, well, this is  what i had hoped would happen, some of the favorites would start to see each  other as threats and start to use some of the fans unfortunately they didn't  use me for that vote but they can use me for other votes.  Bug.  Thank you.  Jeff: Phillip, what do you see going on at camp?  Well, from the beginning favorites got together and we decided that we would  develop a strategy and that strategy incorporated stealth "r" us. A  very effective organization, something that i introduced in season 22 "Survivor"  redemption island. And we have a newer member, a very, very effective double  agent who's able to share a tremendous amount of operative information in the  form of Sherri and her name is tenacity. I gave her that name because she has  a unique capability of holding on in this game, most likely much further than  any of the other fans.  Jeff: Michael, so it's really you, Reynold, and Eddie. Sherri is clearly now  a member of stealth "r" us.  Yeah.  You have to remember they all voted for me, all my t fans wrote my name down.  Payback's a bitch.  Jeff: Eddie, concern you?  It doesn't really bother me that much now to be honest. I'm one of three to  go anyway and i'd rather play my own game than be somebody else's puppet or  in their little league of operatives.  Jeff: Reynold, little concerned about Phillip and his operatives?  It's eight operatives against three new kids on the block that came in to  their home camp.  Jeff: But if somebody has an idol on the enemy side and things work out and  they play it at the right time it could flip the game.  Yeah, absolutely.  Excuse me, jeff, we already know from my prior season that i discussed that  if we think you have an idol you will be voted for.  Jeff: Michael, little concerned?  At this point, you know, i'm ready to play with somebody who actually wants  to play.  Jeff: So you're saying if and when this stealth "r" us begins to  break down i'll be here so --  it already has begun to break down. They voted out corrine before they voted  out a fan.  Well we also know that from again -- i hate to keep repeating myself, season  22, redemption island that, in fact, a coalition that sticks together  actually gets to the end together.  Jeff: Andrea, is that the big question? That, yeah, we can steug together but  we can't all go to the end. So at some point someone will make a move and  win.  That's exactly what the dilemma is. From my season i was on the bottom of my  alliance, i didn't know it at the time but if you have a sense that you're on  the bottom this is an opportunity to flip because you do have three fans and  maybe others among the stealth "r" us organization as well that are  ready to make moves and totally change the game.  Jeff: So when Andrea says if the right person gets the right numbers at the  right time they can change the game.  Well, actually, i fully expect that to happen. But i believe at this time if  someone were to operate right now with impunity and decide, well, this is the  right time because of whatever their reason is i think they're going to find  that they actually erred in their judgment because there's enough numbers  still less and enough smart people still here they'll figure that out. So  what you thought was a brave move, you'll get flushed out, good-bye.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Phillip, you're up.  This idea was this was a throwaway vote. After Phillip's little speech i  don't know what's going on anymore. Hopefully things go according to plan.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it now would be the time to do so.  Hold up. They all voted for me. You can tell, that whole story was about, give  it to me, i'm in good shape. I'm being dead serious right now.  Yeah.  Jeff: So Reynold gave his idol to Malcolm. Any votes cast for Malcolm will  not count. I'll read the votes. First vote, Andrea. Andrea. Andrea. Three  votes Andrea. Reynold. Three votes Andrea, one vote Reynold. Michael.  Michael. Michael. Michael. Five votes Michael; three votes Andrea, one vote Reynold.  Tenth person voted out and the first member of our jury, Michael, that's six,  that's enough, you need to bring me your torch. Michael, the tribe has  spoken. Time for you to go.  You turkeys.  Jeff: Well, there are ten very salvery players left and only one thing you  can rely on, your gut. Grab your torches, head back to camp. Good night.  Captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  jeff: Next time on "Survivor."  (bawling).  Jeff: As the end gets closer, the pressure builds. And someone's going to  break.  It's baffling to me. She's acting like a lunatic.  I'll pull myself from the game, i'm not kidding.  It has been a long, strange, weird, difficult journey. It's over, what can i  say. I'm very disappointed. I wanted to go far and deep into the game and i  thought i could but the favorites are great players, they're tight and  they're playing hard and strong. I know it's going to bust up eventually but  here i am. It's bummer.