<br/>Jeff: Night is falling in the louznone strait as 10 pairs of castaways are  being dropped off in 10 separate locations. One returning player and their  loved one. What they don't know is they won't be playing together. They'll be  competing against each other. Ger vis played the very first season when his  niece, Marissa, was seven years old.  I'm the original who started this all. This time I believe I can win this  game.  It's cute that he thinks he's going to win, after 13 years, come back, and  play this game again. I'm focused on me winning this game.  You're definitely driven. You're definitely driven, but you're new to the  game.  Jeff: In "Survivor: One world," Kat's instability lost her the  game. Now, along with "Big Brother" winner and boyfriend Hayden,  they hope to go all the way.  "Big Brother" is "Survivor" in a house. As far as  training or preparation I’m going to be more prepared than anyone exwb else  who hasn't already played this game.  Hayden has won a show before. This is my time. This is my game.  This is nuts.  Jeff: In "Survivor: Samow" laura was a mother to her tribe and this  times need to split her focus between her daughter and game. Yet, she's my  heart. And nothing is harder than seeing somebody that you love suffer.  Jeff: With 100 days playing the game, fan favorite Rupert has never made it  to the end. His wife, laura, hopes to be the first in the family to win this  game and emerge from the shadow of his legacy.  I am returning to "Survivor" for my fourth time.  This has always been about Ruperter, and Rupert playing three times, and Rupert,  Rupert, Rupert.  Now it's time for laura.  Jeff: After make something controversial statements in "Survivor: One  world" Colton left with a mysterious ailment and few fans. He's hoping  fiance Caleb will provide him with the maturity he needs.  I don't know how people am respond to me. Last time I was this big ball of  anger. My hope is to show people a different siestled me, the new Colton.  I'm worried about Colton's reputation. He pissed a lot of people off. I know  a different Colton. This is going to be kind of a redemption for him.  Jeff: When Candice played the game in "Survivor:cook islands" she  was a young med school student. Now she and her husband, John, both doctors,  home one can make it to the end.  We are two people who are very successful. It could be something people  perceive as a threat.  Being young and athletic, I think we'll have big targets on our back.  Reporter: Former nfl wife Monica, played the game for herself in "Survivor:  One world." now she'll share the spotlight with her famous husband, Brad  culpepper.  Normally it's I’m Brad's wife but when it comes to "Survivor," I’m the  wily veteran.  I'm play second fid toll Monica.  I'm the young rookie.  It's my turn to win and this time I brought some ammunition.  Jeff: Tina, winner of the "australian outback" has hersitis set on  a second title but her daughter Katie has plans on her own.  I told Katie our lives changed since this game but our family is very  competitive.  There is just one winner and there are two of us, and that poses a very  difficult situation. I would love to beat my mother at her own game.  Jeff: Tyson was blindsided in "Survivor" and famously voted himself  out of "heroes and villains." with longtime girlfriend Rachel he  hopes to redeem himself.  I've been disappointed by "Survivor" twice but this time I feel  like I’m in a pretty good spot. In a game like, this I think the loched ones  aren't going to be prepared, and I’m going to slit their throats.  "Survivor" was always Tyson's thing. I never thought in a million  years i'd be out here. With the loved one's season it's going to be a game  changer. It's going to be crazy out here.  Jeff: Horr athe likable winner of "Survivor: Exile island returns to the  game with his brother Vytas.  Heroine led to my arrest. I spent a year in the l.a. County jail.  My brother was pretty abusive when we were I didn't thinker. And that just  inspired me to beat things at things I could beat him in. I don't know if me  going to "Survivor" made my brother envoos, but I’m sure winning it  did.  Jeff: They will have one night alone in the jungle, a chance for the  returning players to prepare their loved ones for what awaits them.  Oh, look at this. "the game has begun."  "tonight is your first night on the island."  "without any supplies you must rely on your loved one for protection,  comfort, and survival."  are you serious? We're just sitting right here by ourselves.  A night in the jungle by ourselves.  Welcome to your first night of "Survivor."  this game is on!  What do we do? We should start. It's getting dark.  Are we going to sleep on this beach with these crabs.  What why your suggestions.  I'm following yurl lead! You're the veteran.  That was 13 years ago.  It's really important we don't sleep on the ground. There are so many ants.  Do you want me to do something?  No, you're good.  Jeff: It's not even day one, but the game has already begun.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: They have left behind the comfort and safety of their normal world  tatake part in the adventure of a lifetime. It's "Survivor: Blood vs.  Water." 20 americans forced to work together to build a new society  while battling the elements and each other.  It is one of the most important things in my entire life to beat Hayden moss.   Jeff: They must learn to adapt or they will be voted out.  She's a threat to me. At some point in time I will have to get rid of her.  Jeff: In the end, only one will remain to claim the million-dollar prize.  I want to win that money, I want to win this game, and I’m going to beat Aras  to do it.  Jeff: 39 days, 20 people, one Survivor. One Survivor.  Jeff: Good morning.  Good morning!  Good morning!  Jeff: Welcome to the 27th season of "Survivor." [ cheers and  applause ]  Jeff: Let's talk about your first night. Hayden, you played another show,  "Big Brother," did very well. How did your first moments on "Survivor"  compare to "Big Brother."  it's hard to compare the cozy cofines of a house to that lush jungle Kat and  I slept in last night.  Jeff: The good news syou're going to experience this game with your loved  one. But you will not be playing with them. Them. You will be playing against  your loved one.  Oh!  Geez!  Jeff: Anybody here willing to admit they're looking forward to competing  against their loved one?  Sorry, mom.  Jeff: Wow. Over half. Have their hands up. So, Katie, you want to take your  mom on in a game she won.  I thought she was going to raise her hand, too. I thought we were just going  to be...  Competing is great. I think it's going to be the hardest thing any of us do  is to get to that point where the tribes come out and you see your loved one  might not be there. I think it's going to be sad for any of our loved ones to  go home.  Jeff: Culpepper, what would that be like for you to see Monica voted out?  I'm pulled both ways. On the surface I want to beat her on every challenge we  do. But if you want to get deep in my heart and if there's a challenge for a  tarp and it's raining every day and we're going to win and she's on the other  team, part of me is going to say, "God, I need her to have the tarp  instead of me. I can deal with this stuff."  you better notob my team thinking that. You better not be on my team saying  that.  Answered with my heart instead of my head, and all of a sudden I got stares  and looks from every person down the line. I'm thinking to myself, oh, my  gosh. First five seconds of the game, way to go, Brad.  Jeff: All right, say your good-byes. Returning players over here. New players  over there.  My heart sank because I know Colton was really hoping to have me with him to  kind of be that provider they am for him. But it was definitely a wake-up  call.  Love you, honey.  You're not crying, right?  It was sad. But at the same time, it's a game. And I can play it on my own,  too.  Jeff: You are no longer simply loved ones. You are now competitors.  Vytas and I have such a competitive relationship that there's no way if I lose  a challenge to my brother out here that I’m not going to hear about it for  the rest of my life.  Good to see you, honey.  Watching my wife walk over to the other tribe, it was a little bit of a  relief, and a little bit of sadness at the same time. I didn't have to worry  at all about writing my wife's name down. But then I also can't protect her.  Jeff: All right. Returning players, your name is galang. New players, here's  your buffs. Your name is tadhana. All right, so let's complicate the game a  little more. [ sighs presently [.  Jeff: Each tribe is now going to vote someone out.  Oh, my gosh.  Jeff: Everybody take a parchment and a pen.  Oh!  Jeff: Hayden, you look shocked.  It's a little early to be voting somebody out, I think. First impressions are  going to speak very loudly right here.  In true jeff probst style, he had to really twist the knife. "oh, we're  going to vote someone out." really? Hi. I'm Colton. Remember me? Like,  probably going to be the one.  Jeff: All right. Let's do this. We'll start on the end. Hold your vote up.  Laura. Rupert's wife.  Already. Already a target.  Not good.  Jeff: And you think you're a target because of your husband?  Probably, yup.  Jeff: Culpepper.  Jeff: Laura.  Jeff: Hayden? Laura.  Jeff: Laura, who's your vote for?  Jarvis' loved one.  Marissa.  I'm sorry.  No, that's all good.  Jeff: In the back. Laura. That is four votes for laura. Marissa cannot vote  for herself. That means one more vote for laura and you're out. Here in the  front. Laura. That's it. You have enough. Take a spot over here next to me.  Okay.  Jeff: Just like that, first person voted out of their tribe.  I love you.  Jeff: Watching my wife get voted out of her tribe about killed me. Why they  would do that, it's a smack against me. That is everyone of those little  scared newbies saying we've got to stop Rupert. I thought we were going to  play the game together.  Get them, honey.  Jeff: All right, returning players, time for to you vote somebody out of your  tribe. Candice.  Laura. Why laura?  Only because I don't know anything about her. It's nothing personal. I'm  sorry.  Jeff: Tyson, hold it up. Laura. Tina. Reveal your vote.  I appreciate what you said. Because that's why I wrote your name. I just  don't know anything about you. And I’m sorry.  That's okay.  I'm sorry.  I get it.  Jeff: Kat, reveal.  I'm sorry. I'm sorry.  Jeff: Another vote for Candice. Colton. Three vote for Candice. Two votes for  laura. Rupert, who did you vote for?  Laura.  Jeff: Laura. Three votes Candice, three votes laura. Monica. Candice. That is  four votes for Candice. Aras.  I'm a redskins fan.  Jarvis.  Jeff: Candice has four votes, laura has three,is has one.  For the same reason, maybe we can go get coffee and know each other one day.  Jeff: That is five votes for Candice. That is enough. Candice voted out of  her tribe.  Oh, man.  Every time I saw her name come up, I felt like I was getting kicked in the  head. I literally wanted to do everything I could to vote out every single  person who vote her name down and I’m never going to forget that.  I wanted to play with you guys, but I guess the feeling wasn't mutual.  Jeff: All right, so, laura and Candice, you are voted out of your tribe, but  are you not out of this game. Redemption island is in play this season.  Redemption island offers you a second chance in the game. Every person voted  out of this game will be sent to Redemption Island, where you will compete in  duels for a shot to get back in the game. You will be the first two people on  Redemption Island.  Wow.  Jeff: Before I send you to Redemption Island, let's put this idea of  "blood versus water" tots first test. Rupert, very heroic. Love  your wife. Do anything for your wife. If you want, you can prove it right now  and you can take her spot. Before you do it, let me tell you the  consequences. You can take her spot at Redemption Island, which means are you  putting her on your tribe. You will be at Redemption Island, having to fight  for your chance to get back in this game.  Don't, Rupert, don't.  Jeff: You of you lose one duel, you could be out.  I put myself in a position where I am not safe. It's killing me. But I would  rather have myself in this position than I would my wife. Laura deserves to  play the game. Do you want to go try?  I want to play.  I love you.  Oh, God.  Take care of her.  Jeff: Wow. I never anticipated this.  All right, girl!  Come ogirl!  Come on!  Redemption.  I was really ticked when Rupert switched with laura. I understand the emotion  behind it, but we were counting on Rupert. Rupert is a fantastic shelter  builder. He's a fantastic fisherman. And right off the bat, he weakens our  tribe.  Jeff: Rupert, you understand you have now put yourself in a spot where you  have to win wur yay back in the game.  Time after time after time and I will.  Jeff: John, you have the same opportunity. Do you want to take a moment and  talk about it?  Yeah, that would be great.  What do you think?  I don't know. I mean, it's up to you. I think I can beat him.  You probably have a better chance than I do.  Jeff: John what, decision are you going to make?  Well, jeff, my wife say really tough woman, and I have no doubt in my mind  that she can win. So I think we're going to give her the opportunity to beat Rupert.   Jeff: All right, Candice come back. John, take a spot in the tribe.  Tough choice.  Jeff: All right, big move early on. Rupert's pulled himself out of the game  so laura can have a shot. Candice and Rupert, you will head to Redemption  Island. You'll compete in duels for a shot to get back in this game. Head  out.  Love you, honey.  Love you, too, baby.  In laura and i's world, blood is thicker than anything. And laura and I are  blood. I'm making it back. I'm making it back. If I can battle my ass off Redemption  Island and laura is still there, you better watch out, because we will be one  hell of a team.  Jeff: Watching Candice walk off literally felt like my heart was being torn  out of my chest. Like the second i-- the second I saw her walking off, you  know, I was like there's nothing that's going to be harder than not doing  everything I can to save my wife's butt in this game.  Jeff: All right, guys. You have a lot to get started with. You're building a  new world. Each of you have a map to your camps. Head out and get started.  Good luck.  Now I have the opportunity to show all those dump asses how big a mistake  they made. Big a mistake they made.  Give me a hug.  Great to be here. Way to go.  It's an honor to play with you guys.  Let's do whatever we can to do. Let's not she jeff at immunity.  I'd much rather see Tyson run around naked.  Let's pop off our shirts.  All righty, then.  Do it!  It's been 13 years since played "Survivor." I think in the the  longest layoff anybody has had playing the game. It's going to be  interesting, to say the least. I know I’m up for it, though.  Machete.  I was excited to see we had a box there with some supplies in it.  Is there any flint?  No.  Hey, on "heroes-villains" I watched and help rob start fire with  bamboo. We can do it. We just need enough people.  I think galang is a strong describe it's because we have a lot of returning  players, but laura is not galang. She is now, but she didn't start off that  way. I wanted to play with Rupert. I didn't want to play with laura. If her  ass got to go, good-bye. Peace! See you later.  Damn. Okay.  Joining the returning players' tribe is very intimidating. All these people  are the experts.  Move your hand out of the way. But try to get the end of it.  Okay.  You want me to help you?  It's her first time.  It's her first time.  You need to practice.  So i've got a lot of pressure on my back. I have to show how tough I am and  how valuable I am to the tribe.  I so wish your husband was here right now, laura.  I know I’m a little disappointing to you guys.  No, you're great, you're great eye don't mean to belittle you. I'm stoked to  have you.  Yeah, yeah, thank you. I think there is the expectation they am like Rupert,  but I’m no not. We should probably start the shelter.  Let's go.  Whoa!  Three, two, one!  Whooo!  Yay!  Go get some sticks.  Being an experienced player we know how important it is to have fire. Don't  worry about your shelter. Don't worry about anything else because unless you  have fire, we are dead in the water. Within 15 minutes, Tyson went out there  and started a fire.  Once we get the fire hot enough, anything will burn that we put in it.  It's been nonstop. We're boiling our water. Our canteens are full.  We've got water, guys.  We're eating our rice. Moral is good. It's amazing. We're really comfortable  at this point.  I don't know if this is, what I am supposed to do, but... My nanny never let  me play with sharp tools. Tools.  Getting to play "Survivor" not once but twice and both times Colton  is out here. He was seen as one of the most vindictive, villainous, mean  people to ever play-off the game. We're on the same tribe. We don't need any  drama. We don't need anything to happen here, and you hurt me to death last  time. A lot and I hope that we can bury that and not be a nuisance here and  move on. I played with him before. He stabbed me in the back. And I’m not  going to have it happen to me what happened to me before. I can trust you? Or  are you going to stab me in the back again?  I think we need to talk more later, but, yes.  Buck knuckles.  Has he changed? Has he not? I don't know does a zebra change his stripes.  I'm glad you're here.  I'm glad you're here, too. We'll get passed it. Am I once again going to be  bamboozled? I don't know. I don't know.  I have relived Monica's "Survivor: One world" experience with her,  and then you're dropped off on a beach and, whoa, there's nothing here. We're  on. There were some butterflies. All right, here we go. This is how it's  going to start.  I haven't sawed something since I was like a kid. Being a yoga teacher, these  hands don't see a hard day's work.  So we're all working hard around camp. The boys are making the shelter. The  girls are weaving the palm fronds. We have no veterans here so we're all  going on what our loved ones told us and basically it's a bit shocking. We  don't know anything.  That's okay, though.  I feel like I could be in trouble. Five minutes into the game I made a huge  blunder about not going 100% to potentially help my wife because now she's  the enemy I need to put something to rest really quick. In the first moments  of the game, I mentioned something about-- here's the deal. I promise you, in  a challenge, you don't see me going 100 pyou got my blessing to vote me out.  I promise you. I'm going 100% for tadhana over galang.  And we're going to ride you back to the finish.  He said he's not going to throw a challenge for his wife. But it wasn't an  apology? Exactly. I feel like he's one I’m going to definitely have to keep  my eye on and keep him close because he seems like he could be a loose  cannon.  Where are the guys?  This is nice, buddy.  Oh, man. Welcome to "Survivor."  this is awesome.  Man. If there's one thing learned from Monica. She said, "Brad, look,  when you play this game, you better hit the ground running."  this is kind of a nice find.  You hit the ground running talking to people. You need to make connections.  You need get an alliance fast.  Well, the key is we've got five guys right now. We've got four guys and a gay  guy. We're strong. I'm telling you--  i think we'll be all right.  Yeeng welgo to tribal council very fast, anyway.  The idea to keep all the five guys together stemmed from Brad.  You guys are going to love the waterfall.  Really?  It's not a surprise at all. Shocker. The guy who played nfl football wants to  keep his locker room together. But, you know, the more he talks about that  kind of stuff and asserts himself a leader the more that could potentially  end up biting him in the ass later.  I'm thinking we got the numbers with five guys. Five guys together, that's--  gold.  Home run. Here's the deal. There's a five-man alliance.  I think it's genius.  I'm willing to make you number one.  When Brad got me by myself he was pretty much trying to buldy-buddy the  broinance-type thing, all guys to the end, and blah, blah, blah. Let's  southern shake on it. A southern man is only as good as his word.  We're good. And I’m thinking you're wanting to get yourself and then your  wife to the end and whoever she's with. You know, I’m not stupid.  Let's do it.  Sounds good. You know, whatever. I'll agree to anything with him at this  point because it will shut him up.  If we do the all five guy thing we can dwinld the girls.  It's so mutually beneficial to keep the strong around.  These days, the John cochrans of "Survivor" are the big threats  now. Those are the people who win. The weaker women, John cochran. I think John  is on board with all five. Everybody is.  I got Caleb. I got John. I got haind. Five. Four with nine equals out. But I’m  sorry-- yeah, no. -- okay. Four with nine equals out. But five with nine  equals in.  It's almost like too easy.  Too easy.  The shelter's coming together man.  Let's get this over to the other side.  We can slide this on the bottom.  There's no flint, and none of us know how to start a fire without flint. And  we can't boil our water. Just building the shelter, putting it together, I can  feel the liquid leaving my body and I’m turning into sludge.  How long you and your man been together.  We've been married three years, been together three and a half, four. Got  married pretty quick.  Sure did.  Is he yuck, too.  Yeah.  He's the baby daddy of both of them?  Just my second one. When I got pregnant in holly, 16 and pregnant type story.   Good thing you didn't get married.  Dude, tell me about it. I actually was a teen mom so I got pregnant when I was  17 in holly. That was a huge game changer for me, and my mom, it was a really  hard obstacle for us to get through. Exwargs for my mom, probably.  As a parent, that would be so hard because your kids are everything. You  know? I'm sure it was difficult for your mom. But if my daughter came home  and she was 16 and pregnant, i'd embrace her and say, "babe, it's okay.  Let's deal with it."  i didn't tell my mom.  Really.  They found out eventually. When your parents are crying, you feel like you're  the worst person ever. Now it's great. And my husband is great.  Your mom probably thinks being a grandparent of two is better than a  grandparent of one.  I was in jail with a guy who was one of the top-10 deadbeat dad.  You were in jail.  I was a junky, man. I was a heroine addict when I was a teenager. My brother  was the golden child, and got a scholarship to college playing basketball,  straight-a student expirvetion just like-- you know.  Opposite?  Oms. Drops out of college. Living on the street, robbing people every day to  get my fix. My addiction impacted my family profoundly. Even my relationship  with my brother to this day is still, like, not fully mended. So this is a  great experience I’m going to get to have with my brother. The fact that  we're going on this together is a pretty great opportunity for us to mend  some more. Finally got arrested man probing some lady.  Best thing that ever happened to you?  Best thing that happened to me. Saved my life. I overdosed a few times in the  past month. The cops found me one night in the bathroom of a gas station with  a need in my arm it was too powerful.  And you were just a baby.  Yeah, a child. I think in a game where trust is the most important part. I  wanted to share with my tribe my past because if you want somebody to trust  you, you have to let them in lailt bit. I want to be vulnerable and show  them. That part of my past makes me stronger.  Oh, it's so frustrating. That was a great job, though, man.  Maybe lightning will strike something.  For me, I don't think people that hear about that part might have past are  going to think anything less of me. I don't think people are going to see an  ex-con that's conniving and a dope fiend that will do whatever he can to get  what he wants. I've got 14 years clean and I have a lot of experience away  from that. And I do want to show them that there's a different part of me  than just being a yoga teacher. And I think it will help strengthen the bonds  and connections I have with them and we'll be able to get further in this  game. Âª âª  this tribe is so fun. For me, personally, everyone here keeps my mind off of,  like other the game. You know what I mean? It's almost like I forget I’m in a  game. I think I just signed up for some horrible camping trip. Last time when  I played this game higher this mask on. I was rude to everyone. I was mean to  everyone. And I didn't have kind things to say. And it was all because I was  insecure. I actually am trying to find an opportunity to really try to  explain to people and get them to understand me. Where I’m from, I live with  nine million people in my state that have the same beliefs. What I don't have  are people that are willing to listen. I live in the deep south where being  gay, it's a cross to bear every single day. When I was growing up, I was the  sweetest kid in the world. And, you know, I mean, somewhere along the way, I got  tired of being called sissy and faggot, and year. Queer. The struggle was  getting people tond I’m a living human being like everybody else. I have  battle the with my own family trying to get them to understand, and there are  people in my family that I don't have relationships with because they don't  understand that it's like okay to love me. And so...  Ooooh!  The negative experiences that you go through in life, I think they build you  to the person that you are, you know, today. But I’m trying to change. I'm  just going in with positive thinking.  You're doing awesome and your guy's here under the same stars you are.  I just want to see him.  I know. He's just around the corner. You'll see him tomorrow. For all of us  to judge what decisions he makes is hard. We haven't walked a mile in his  shoes, and I don't think it's easy. If he's changed, wouldn't that be a  beautiful story?  I'm sorry. I'm sorry.  But then again, it's Colton.  But then again, it's Colton.  Kat. Monica. Laura this one is for Colton, just like this. One or two for  every person who voted for me. I definitely got my feel, hurt by the  returning players' tribe, and I’m out for revenge. I'm going to do everything  I can to fight and to win this game.  You want me to rip it apart?  No, I got it. I got to chop a couple more names up. I'm really just trying to  keep my mind in the game and maintain the camp so that I can stay healthy,  hydrated, and ready to beat Rupert.  Never in a million years would I have guessed I would be in this position on  the second day.  Me, neither. Living with Rupert is extremely annoying, to say the least.  I'm going back in the water.  Okay. Rupert mostly is either sleeping or splashing around in the water. I  get the coconut. I get all the firewood. I go get all the water. I tend the  fire. I boil the water. I boil the rice. And Rupert enjoys the spoils. It's  infuriating, actually.  See how comfortable a bed we got. You know, I think the flat boards are even  more comfortable than the damn bamboo. I am not going to do what i've done so  many other times. One of the reasons why i've never won an immunity challenge  is I kill myself out fishing. I kill myself out taking care of my tribe. [  snoring ] but this is more individual. And if I’m going to beat Candice, I need  every ounce of energy I got. If Candice wants to go out and kill herself  gathering wood and making fire and keeping it going and boiling water and  doing everything, great! Burn up her energy. I'm not going to. And I need to  have in my head that I will eliminate her.  All right. There it is.  Tree mail.  Rachel and I get up and went to check tree mail. We're like official "Survivor"  people now all right.  It looks pretty.  Yeah. It's really exciting. Until you've gotten something in tree mail you haven't  started the game.  I'll carry the flag. You carry the mail.  I feel like santa claus.  Whooo!  Tree mail, tree mail.  I feel great going into the challenge. The advantage that we have as  returning players is we know keep your head in it, keep calm. Because  anything can happen.  Equal of "will you choose to step forward to run, jump, and swim? Will  you paddle straight the first time, your chances are pretty slim."  "or should you assemble the pieces to make the flag really spin? Will  you be voted out tonight? Well, not if you win."  this is awesome. I think this is made for us.  Right away we're trying to think who is the fastest swimmer, who is good at  splinting. Who is good at puzzles.  I already know my mother is going to do the puzzle.  Are you better than her.  Yes.  My mom is great at puzzles, too. She's probably on the puzzle. I'm on the  puzzle. It's going to be the mother-daughter duel.  You two on the puzzle against your mom, and then beat your ass. That would be  so awesome.  It doesn't matter if you're not a fast swimmer, jimmer. It's about the  puzzle.  Puzzles are my strength. Think outside the box. How do we do do this quicker.   Moms always say, "i brought you into this world. I can take you  out."  as much as I love her, unfortunately, I want to beat my daughter in this  game. Sorry, Ciera.  Jeff: Come on in, guys.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. Welcome to your first immunity challenge.  First order of business, laura, moments into the game-- you already know what  I’m going to ask you. You want your real colors.  I want my colors. I'm a member of this team.  Jeff: You are officially a member of galang. Here you go. You can drop your  red one, leave it there. No souvenirs in this game. Colton, how has it been  the first few days out here? Have you guys had any luck with camp, fire, any  of the necessities?  Yeah, we have fire. We have shelter.  Jeff: How did you get fire?  Team effort.  Tyson.  Team effort.  15 minutes in, he had our fire going. Got water boiling. We are hydrated.  We're ready.  Yeah.  Jeff: Brad, do you believe they have fire? Is it possible they're just saying  that?  Possibly. But that's all right. That's good.  Do you guys not have fire?  We've got fire.  We got plenty it. We can share it with you if you want.  We don't need to.  Jeff: You guys have fire as well?  Absolutely. It took us a while.  They probably have fire because they have experience. We don't, because we're  a bunch of meatheads.  Jeff: You guys ready to get to your first immunity challenge?  Yeah.  Jeff: Here's how it's going to work on my go, six members of each tribe will  race over a series of obstacles to a boat. You'll intie it and paddle it  back. On that boat, you'll find a chest and full of puzzle pieces. The three  remaining tribe members will use those puzzle pieces to assemble a ship's  wheel. First tribe to assemble their wheel and use it to raise their flag  wins immunity. This is what you want in this game. Immunity keeps you safe  from tribal council. Tribal council is not where you want to be. In addition,  you're playing for fire in the form of flint. It is our first challenge in  "blood versus water." only way you ensure you don't go to tribal is  by beating the other tribe which is full of your loved ones. Complicates the  game. I'll give you a minute to strategize and we'll get started. Here we go.  For immunity and fire. Survivors ready? Go! Gotta get up and over that net.  Everybody's got to get over it.  Come on, Tyson!  Whooo! Good job!  Jeff: Both tribes off to a pretty good start a lot of team work with the new  players tadhana, tadhana working together well.  Let's go, Gervase.  Go, Colton!  Jeff: New players off to an early lead. Tadhana continued to work together  very well. John pulling Rachel. Pulls Marissa over.  Come on, Aras!  Jeff: The returning players are struggling.  Come on!  Jeff: Colton trying to get over. Gervase is over. Aras is on his own. Nobody  is helping Aras. You can't move forward until you're on the platform. Aras is  over. Go, tadhana. The new players with the lead. Early in this first  challenge. Returning players are still struggling. Gervase could barely get  up on the platform. He's exhausted. Big lead for the new players. Gervase  still trying to get his wind back. Can barely get up these craits. Really  slowing his tribe down.  Come on, tadhana!  Jeff: You've got to untie a series of knots to release that boat. Gervase can  barely get up. And then a horrible belly flop.  Come on! Come on, Gervase.  Aras help me.  Jeff: Gervase is struggling to swim. Aras doing what he can thop him. Both  tribes now working on their knots.  Let's go, aqua man.  Jeff: Aras still helping Gervase. Still not to the boat. Once you have all  the knots untied, and everybody is on the boat, you can start paddling. Aras  finally gets Gervase back to the boat while the rest of the tribe has been  untying the knots. The new players have their boat untied. The returning  players have their boat untied. They're ready to go. Start paddling, galang.  Yay!  Pull! Pull! Pull! 3.  Jeff: You've got to go down the middle. The returning players just recovered  from Gervase' swimming and now they don't know how to paddle.  Come on!  Paddle, Colton.  Jeff: Once again the new players, tadhana, are in the lead.  Let's go!  Come on!  Jeff: The returning players are struggling against the new players. This is  where you see what a tribe is made of!  Give me the paddle. Paddle strong, Colton!  Jeff: Once you're clipped in, bring that crate up. Start working on the  puzzle.  Come on, come on, come on!  Come on, guys! Come on!  Jeff: More dysfunction with the returning players. Once they're they're  sideways.  Paddle.  Paddle!  Oh, hell no. Oh, I will.  Jeff: Huge advantage for tadhana. Pathetic beginning for the players who know  how to play this game, getting shown up by their loved ones.  Come on, come on!  Let's go, let's go!  Jeff: Timely. Galang is back. The returning players have a lot of time to  make pup.  Go, go, go!  Jeff: New players have had a lot of time to start working on this puzzle.  Come oone more.  Jeff: It's Caleb, Ciera, and Katie working on the puzzle for the new players.  It is laura, Monica, and Tina working on the puzzle for the returning  players.  That's it, that's it.  Jeff: Our first challenge, and the newbies are intent intoant showing the  returning players, their loved ones, that this is going to be a battle.  Come on, girls.  Jeff: This is where experience comes into play. Not panicking.  I don't know, guys.  Look, look, look.  Jeff: Ciera and Caleb working fast. Katie trying to find her place. The women  of galang working together well, making up a lot of time Katie struggling  even to get her pieces to fit. All the advantage that the six people in the  water gave them is gone.  Come on, guys.  Jeff: Returning players very close.  You got it, girls. Go, go, go, go!  Hold it up, hold it up!  Jeff: After suffering a huge setback, the returning players are now back in  the lead.  Faster, come on!  Let's go, we got this.  Jeff: Suddenly the newbies are in trouble.  Let's go.  Whoo!  Jeff: Returning players working on that second bag. The new players still  struggling. Three of the older women in this game using their experience to  put their tribe back ahead returning players are now on the third bag of  puzzle pieces.  You got tbaby.  Jeff: The newbies still struggling to finish their first back. Wow, amazing.  Absolute collapse at the puzzle stage for the new tribe tadhana.  Come ogirls.  Jeff: Two mothers schooling their daughters right now. This is the final  phase of this challenge. And they are flying. The returning players are about  to deliver a lesson to their loved ones. And it sounds like this. Galang wins  immunity! And fire in the form of flint.  Don't let them fool you, baby! Don't let that fool you! Don't let that fool  you!  See you next time.  Don't let that fool you!  See you next time.  Jeff: Returning players, galang, showing your loved ones howing it done.  Immunity and fire in the form of flint. Congratulations.  Thank you.  Jeff: Colton, you're crying. Colton, are you upset because you think he's in  trouble or just... The fact that you know you just sent him to tribal  council?  I don't know.  Probably both, jeff. I think he's probably feeling what all of us do is it's  a bittersweet. We won, but we put our loved ones in jeopardy.  Shhh. It's okay.  Jeff: All right, galang. Enjoy your night off from tribal council. Head back  to camp. Congrats.  Thank you. Ã     [ applause ]  Jeff: Tadhana, tribal council tonight. Where somebody will be voted out of  this tribe and sent to Redemption Island where they will have to compete in  duels in order to stay alive. Which means tonight as a group you will vote  somebody out who will then vote and compete, John, against your wife. See you  tonight at tribal council. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp.  Mean, for Gervase to jump up and down in your face. I was like, hey, bowes  oh, your loved one may go home. While you're cheering about that, that's  great, you beat us. But it's like you're beating your own. Your own.  Guys, you played hard. Everybody did. Ly work force the challenge and that stinks.  I didn't get to where I am in life by losing and I hate to love.  Our loved ones have fire. Let's be happy. There's a silver lining. Let's be  happy they have fire.  We're not dying without it.  I know this eye don't think there's a single person who didn't give 100%.  Listen, puzzle makers, of it a tough puzzle. You're beating yourself up,  don't.  They've all done this. They know the experience. They weren't as nervous.  This is the not the first time those three ladies have done a puzzle.  You can't discount experience.  After our first challenge my heart sank to the floor. It was the first  challenge and the first loss and I knewis part of why the team lost. I got  creamed by my mother, and the fact that the three of us, want puzzle people,  were the reason that we didn't pull through at the end,un, that makes me a  little nervous. What are we going to judge the votes off of.  Poor Gervase, man.  Not poor Gervase. He was the loudest one, like, "that's how you do  it!"  you're right.  He is so freaking competitive. I was not expecting him to throw it in my face  like that. I was just like, Gervase. Calm down. You just showed you're the  weakest athletic person on your tribe with that swim, performance. I do think  the other tribe was celebrating too much after that win because they are our  loved ones. Yes, you won, but guess what? You're about to send one of us  home. Who are they going to correlate Gervase with? His niece.  We're going to win some challenges, and let's win with grace. What I’m saying  is they werule jumping around--  what you're saying is the lion does not roar after it kills its prey.  They were roaring after killing their cubs. And the cubs look at them and go,  hmm. Doesn't make me happy. I don't want to gloat over them because they're  going to lose a loved one.  The way it worked out, guys versus the girls, 5-4. There were seasons people  would kill to be in the numbers early on.  We have five strong. We're not going to break it up. Nobody is going to drive  a nail in this.  The sooner we can figure this out, the less stress there will be. Whoever we  vote out, we have to remember, is going to be a stab in somebody's heart  tonight.  Yeah. You--  i was jacked up. I-- I’m telling you, it felt like sunday again. It is.  Opening kickoff.  And I know Monica. I saw her over there. And her wheels-- I don't know. I'm  glad she didn't really gloat that much.  I think there's such a thing as being a sore winner, too.  And that was rough. I didn't like that. I noticed that. I understand being  happy. But there's a point where we need to be smart about it. I'll tell you  I’m a little spoiled on Marissa right now just because of the way Gervase  acted. Maris abefore we went to the challenge, he was a little bit off the  radar, but there's a side of myself that saw Gervase jumping up and down and  kind of in your face "we won." she's going home. How do you like  those apples. Gervase ain't the player he was then. I am not blaming anybody  on the puzzle themselves. I'm thinking going forward who will be our best asset.  I don't know.  Katie was kind of like a third wheel.  We were concerned about her, too. With the puzzle part, it was Ciera, Katie,  and me. And Ciera really jumped in. She was really helpful. And it just  seemed like Katie, she was the extra cook in the kitchen.  Here's the thing, Katie is a smart girl and she got to the puzzle and--  i don't want to see Katie go, but if the majority's in, then I’m in with it.  But we do need to think about keeping the tribe strong.  The girls probably know that the guy bonded. I mean, we're not being sult at  all to these women so it's important for me to keep my alliances with the  girls strong. I'm going to tell the girls, hey, giets have decide which one  will go first. Some of the guys came and were talking about Marissa because Gervase  at the end.  Gotcha.  I think in the end they decide people decided that it would be the puzzle  builders. Katie.  Let's be honest. It doesn't matter whoever they choose to vote for. The guys  have definitely bonded with each other. I feel bad for the girls. But at this  point it would be foolish to try to go against that.  We're five guys strong. One of the girls has to go. So it may be Marissa. It  may be Katie. To me, they're all equal opinion the girls are both connected  with the other tribe. We've got to start thinking about who we vote out could  potentially affect their tribe.  Jeff: Go ahead and grab a torch. Approach the flame, dip it in, and get fire  this is part of the ritual of tribal council. In this gairnlg fire represents  your life all right, first tribal council, not the place you want to be, but  somebody's get to be here. Hayden, what's been the toughest part of the first  few days for you?  Trying to create fire.  Jeff: So you guys were lying to me today. You dont have fire.  Yeah, we were total bluffing.  Jeff: Skier ayou had to talk to your mom a lot about her experience out here.  How much more difficult is it once you're out here.  Having my mom tell me stories and actually being out here is completely  different. I mean, i've never been this hungry. I'm like, okay, somebody is  just trying to get out of my right now, clawing at my inside, so to  experience it is really rough.  Jeff: Cull culpepper, you're three days in and obviously struggling.  It's frustrating not having fire. If we get fire we cook and get strong and  win immunity challengees.  Jeff: Caleb, how does having loved ones on the other tribe change this game?  It does complicate it. He doesn't what's going on over there just like I don't  know what's going on over there. You have to trust each other that they're  going to do the right thing. Right now, they're doing their thing and we have  to do our thing.  Jeff: Moments into day one, the woman you love is voted out.  Right.  Jeff: You were given the chance to take her spot. Do you have any regrets  about not taking her spot?  I have a lot of regrets. As a husband it's something I struggle with and I feel  like... I just eye feel like Candice is probably sitting there on Redemption  Island thinking I just... Just... Let her go. And just, like let her down,  didn't stand up for her. I'm hoping she's not thinking that but it's  something i've been struggling with a little bit.  Jeff: What's that impact-- you, knowing whoever you vote out tonight lbl  competing against your wife and Rupert in the first duel at redemption?  If today's challenge speaks to anything, it really shows that our loved ones  on the other tribe are not going to pull any punches. So my vote tonight is  going to be waised on who I think is going to make this tribe strongest going  forward. If there is an added advantage they I think Candice can kick  whoever's butt, that's great, too.  Jeff: Culpepper, where do you see this game going, the blood versus the  water? What are you thinking about?  I think it was an interesting dynamic today when we lost because I don't know  why they're celebrating so much on their end because one of their loved ones  is going home.  Jeff: Who was celebrating? Who stood out?  Jeff: Gervase.  Jeff: Marissa, you're shaking your head at your own uncle.  Yes, because they were celebrating like that. I think of them as veterans,  more mature, wiser. I was expecting them to handle it with grace.  Jeff: Vytas cit work against you if your loved one behaves this way?  Of course, somebody gloating in our face adds insult to injury. This twist is  different than any other season. No team who wins immunity is worrying the  night the the other team goes to tribal council. I guarantee you tonight,  that team is worrying, because when they see us the next time at a challenge.  Thane one of their loved ones is going to be gone.  Jeff: Maris aconcerned at all we what Vytas said?  Yes, because I’m guilty by association. I wish Gervase would have piepped  down at the moment so I would feel a little less vulnerable right now.  Jeff: Wow. That would be devastating to get voted out of this game for  something you didn't do but your uncle did.  Exactly. But, I feel like people should just be judging me on my performance,  my character, my add of attitude, not my loved one's. It comes down to our  tribe, not what their tribe is doing. Wait until we get to the merge and then  you can decide if you want to judge me because of his actions.  Jeff: Katie, where were you at for the first vote? You valley so little to go  on?  I mean, the challenge today, I think the first leg of the race, the guys did  really great. And the puzzle makers fell behind and so the fear tonight is  based off of the challenge. That's one thing to judge our votes off of. So,  you know, there is some fear.  Jeff: Would it be fair to vote you off for one poor performance in your  first-ever "Survivor" challenge?  I wouldn't be surprised.  Jeff: Culpepper, if you have to vote somebody out, and you can't find any  other reason, then it could be today's challenge.  Yeah, obviously, if they had have been successful it would have elevated  their level in the tribe right now. But I don't think we're all judging  solely on the performance of the puzzle makers.  Jeff: All right, it is time to vote. Caleb, you're up. Caleb, you're up.  Marace, you're a great girl, but I’m sorry, the game has started.  It's either you or me.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. Once the votes are read, the decision is  final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area  immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Katie. Marissa. Marissa. Two  votes Marissa. That's three votes Marissa, one vote Katie. Marissa. That's  four votes Marissa. First person voted out of "Survivor: Blood vs.  Water," Marissa. That's five. That's enough. You need to bring me your  torch. Maris athe tribe has spoken. You will have a chance to get back in  this game. Grab your torch. Head back to Redemption Island. First tribal  council, first blindside. Your family members have taught you how to play  this game. The fact that you're here says they didn't teach you everything.  Good news about coming to tribal council, you will now have fire  i got it.  Jeff: Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night captioning brought to  you by Survivor productions and cbs  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor":  I’m so sick of this. I can't deal with three more days of kumbaya.  Jeff: The old Colton is back.  He's a bully.  Hopefully this camp will erupt into chaos.  Jeff: Two people will stay alive. One is going home for good. And the first  duel at Redemption Island takes its toll on everyone.  Hey!  Another blindside.  I just got blindsided at tribal. I came in thinking that Katie's the go. No, Marissa  is the go.  I'm just really pissed.  This is Redemption Island. Where a bunch of people sit pissed off.