<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor" -- for Tyson, life in the game was  good. He was in a majority alliance with Gervase, Monica and Ciera and found  another hidden immunity idol.  I think i'll keep it to myself.  Jeff: But at the last tribal council, his game started to unravel.  Ciera, I’m telling you right now, i've never betrayed you and I’m planning on  staying with that.  Okay.  Syria, you can come with us, you can draw rocks. And that's a big move.  Oh, my gosh.  Jeff: Ciera flipped on her alliance. Monica, we're tied. And for the second  time in "Survivor" history the game came down to choosing rocks.  And reveal. Ciera and Tyson got lucky and Katie was sent to Redemption Island.  Katie, the tribe has spoken, grab your torch, head to Redemption Island. Five  are left. Who will be voted out tonight?  Katie?  Hi!  Oh!  Baby! Were.  Were you sleeping?  No, we've been waiting up.  Katie's here with me so of course I’m so happy to see her. But I’m not happy  that she's out of the game. How are you doing?  We had to draw rocks tonight.  Uh-uh!  Oh!  And you drew the rock?  Yeah. But it was just between three of us, though.  Who drew first?  I drew first. Tonight was my shot to knock Tyson off of his throne and I could  have gone fartherrer in the game if things went my way but I had the white  rock. So I was rocked out. Do you think I should have just gone with Hayden  tonight.  No. You had nothing to lose. I think it's great that they are willing to draw  rocks. Kudos to them. But this will probably be the toughest redemption arena  because Katie and I both can't go back into the game. It's got to be one of  us.  I think we should both try our hardest.  I know, but you're still my daughter. It's hard to have been at Redemption  Island now for nine days and you hope to get back in the game and to finish  what you started but it's my daughter and that takes precedence above all  things. Even a million dollars. I'm very proud of you, Katie.  Thank you.  Wow! Crazy play, guys.  Ciera, I owe you a hug.  You guys know I love everyone, right?  Yeah, no, that was a great play. I was excited to be part of it. If I were  Katie I wouldn't excited to be part of it but --  great job.  Crazy! Great job.  Monica, I love you. I had to fight hard through everything. I knew you was  going home so -- tribal council tonight was insane! I'm literally -- I’m fighting  for my life in the game. And then the very next moment we're drawing rocks  and I realize this worked! Like, what? I'm safe! Best-case scenario would  have been Tyson drew the white rock and went home. That would have flipped  the script. Flipped it. But one thing that's not going to change is I’m going  to be with Ciera all the way to the end. You guys would have done the same  thing. Try, try, try.  Right. That's why you don't tell an insane person they're next to go-- Gervase.   You saying I’m insane?  The last three days probably pretty much, yeah. You can't ever let the person  on the bottom know they're going home. That's "Survivor" 101. It  gives them a chance to be crazy. You have to give them hope. You have to tell  them somebody else's name. Because then the fireworks wouldn't have happened.   These guys sticking with me, I don't even know that was about. I picked up my  bag and said okay, I’m leaving and you guys -- I can't believe that you guys stuck  with me! I cannot believe it.  There's your line in the sand.  But don't worry, i've already got her pulling back over here. I got her. Now  you're all alone again.  I feel like I’m always in the middle.  We have a good alliance and I feel like I’m in a good position. But I’m concerned  that if they have an idol one of us is going home.  Monica, she's crucial to my game right now but she will not stop talking and  it's annoying. It was like stop playing the game, Monica, you're playing too  hard right now.  I'm in this with Tyson and Gervase but I don't know if I have any respect  here. I felt like withholding that crucial piece of information of having an  idol the whole time, it hurt me. And i'll never forget it. It is what it is.  Sleep tight, Monica.  Good night, guys.  See you in the morning.  She's not great at "Survivor," but she's really  oh, you here in the hammock. I was like where the heck is Ciera at?  After tribal last night I feel like a huge weight just lifted off my  shoulders. I knew I was number four so my mind went you know what, Ciera?  This is the move. If it's the move that sends you home at least you went out  trying to make a move versus riding to the four and not saying you even tried  anything. Even it ended up Katie going home which sucked for us at least we  made a move. Because that was our only opportunity.  If you don't go down fighting you're going to be pissed. You've got to fight.   I mean, obviously it didn't pan out the way I wanted it to pan out. Katie  went home. We're down numbers now 2-3. But my mom based on her track record  will be the one coming back which would give me and Hayden the numbers. And  the first time I want her to come out. So we find the idol, we wayne  challenge. If we don't win a challenge --  we have to try to drive a wedge between them.  I was thinking that same thing. Hayden and I are bound and determined to find  a hidden immunity idol, to win a challenge and to find the crack in the  alliance between Gervase, Tyson, and Monica. We're going to go all out.  Because the great thing about my position right now, I have nothing to lose.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! We'll now bring in the competitors for today's duel.  Tina, laura and Katie, Tina's daughter voted out at the last tribal council.  Tina, what's it like for you? This is yet another layer of blood versus  water. You're out of the game, so is your daughter, only one person can get  back in the game so now you're competing against her.  This is by far the hardest day.  Jeff: Tina, are you capable of giving 100% against the young woman you gave  birth to?  That's a hard one.  No.  You know, I haven't conceived in my mind the finality of it so it's kind of  like what i've decided is I’m just going to play today and i'll make that  decision in the moment.  Jeff: All right. For today's duel you're going to use sticks and rope to  fashion a long pole. You'll use that pole to retrieve three keys. Those keys  open three locks. The first two to step through their door live to see  another day in this game. The last person is out of this game for good and  will become the next member of the jury. In addition, the winner of the duel  will decide who gets the clue to the location of the hidden immunity idol.  Take your spots. We'll get started. Here we go. Two will live to see another  day. One will be out of this game for good. Survivors ready? Go.  Katie, you've got to do your sticks over and under and about a quarter to a  halfway up the post.  Okay. Thank you.  Jeff: Tina immediately barking outed a vice. It's very simple. You have some  pieces of wood and some twine. You have to fashion a pole long enough to get  it throughout to reach three keys.  Good job, mom.  Jeff: Not only does your stick have to be long enough, it has to be strong  enough that you can stick it out there and it won't crumble. Laura has her  stick put together already right out of the gate. She's going for it. Will it  be long enough? It is. She has the first key, can she get it back through  that gate?  Come on!  Jeff: Yes, she does. Laura has her first chai and she's immediately going for  the second. Katie has her pole together. She's going to give it a go. Tina  has her pole together, she's going to give it a go. There are three keys  total. Tina a little short. She needs more. Katie, is it long enough? Yes. Is  it strong enough? Laura going for her second key. Laura has her second key.  Katie has her first key. Katie has her first key through. It's Katie with one  key. Laura now looking for one more. Tina has nothing yet. Laura going for  her third.  Come on, girlfriend!  Jeff: She's got it there, it's long enough. Is it strong enough to hook it?  It is. Can she get it back through without it dropping? She does! Laura has  all three keys. She's got to open the locks and she will move on.  She's a freak.  Jeff: Laura has her first lock undone. Tina going for her first. She's there,  it's long enough. She has it hooked. Tina has her first. Laura has her second  lock undone. One left and Laura Moves on. Lawyer a a has been unstoppable on Redemption  Island. Laura wins another duel and will stay alive one more day on Redemption  Island. It is now down to mother and daughter looking for that second spot.  The question is: Will Tina fight hard enough to defeat her daughter or will  she sacrifice herself for her daughter in "blood vs. Water" mother  and daughter neck in neck both looking for two more rings. Tina's pole breaks  opens the door for her daughter Katie. She has the second ring hooked.  Walk backwards, walk back.  Let's go Katie.  Jeff: Can she keep it on? No, it drops in the sand. That could be more  difficult. Now she's got to get it out of that sand with the same long stick.  It's too far to reach otherwise. Tina going to give it another go.  Get lower.  Jeff: Katie trying to dig that out of the the sand. Very difficult to get it  out of the spot. Tina, is it long enough? Yes, she's got the key hooked. Tina  has her second ring. Can she get it back? Tina has her second key! Tina's  down to run ring left.  Come on, Katie.  Katie not panicking. She's under it. Can she hook it? No, falls short again.  Tina's going for her third ring if she can just reach it. She has it hooked.  Can she get it back? This will put to rest any notion of letter her daughter  win right here. Got to keep it on that stick and get it through the gate.  It's sliding toward the edge. Tina has her third key. All she has to do now  is unlock the three locks and she moves on and Katie will be out of this game  for good.  Katie, are you okay with this?  It's all right, mom.  Jeff: Tina has the first lock undone.  You sure?  It's okay.  I love you, honey.  Jeff: Complications of "blood vs. Water" playing out right here.  Tina has her third lock. Just pull that chain, you're done.  Go, walk through.  I love you.  I love you, too.  I'm sorry.  Jeff: And with mixed emotions Tina survives Redemption Island joining laura.  Don't cry.  I'm sorry.  Don't cry.  I'm sorry, honey.  Don't be sorry. You did great.  I'm proud of you.  I'm proud of you, too.  Jeff: Tina, you love this game, you love competing. You do not love beating  your daughter.  It's okay.  You know, jeff, there is something about my relationship with Katie because I  was adopted and I don't have those connections in my life. I -- it wasn't  until I had her that I felt my first connection in life. And so --  don't make me cry.  Jeff: Too late.  And so it's just a pure unadulterated complete love. And that's all I can  say. I just love her.  Jeff: Katie, can you empathize with what she's feeling?  Yeah, I could tell right off the bat when I looked at her that the flood of  emotions came in. But I’m so incredibly proud of both myself and my mother  and to be able to experience this together is the best gift I could have  asked for, really.  Jeff: Caught Katie, after 33 days out here, your run at the money and the  title of sole Survivor has come to an end. You can grab your stuff, toss your  buff in the urn on the way out.  Thank you.  I love you. Eat a hamburger for me, okay?  Bye, Katie! Great job, Katie!  By, jeff, thank you.  Jeff: See you, Katie.  Love you, baby.  Love you, too.  Way to go, sweetie.  Jeff: All right, laura, after winning another duel --  animal!  Jeff: Once again you decide who gets the clue to the location of the hidden  immunity idol. Should you walk it to your daughter?  Can I walk it to her?  Jeff: Absolutely.  I love you.  Find that thing.  Win the challenge Hayden.  Jeff: Tina, laura, you get to see yet another day out here. Grab your stuff,  head back to red.e.Redemption Island. Await your next competitor and your  next duel.  By mom, love you.  Jeff: Guys, grab your stuff, head back to camp. Out on a limb on a tree back  there.  Redemption island was a success for my mom. It was great to watch her win  again. So my mom wins and she gives me the clue to the hidden immunity idol  which is needed right now. Me and Hayden's only hope in this game right now  is one of us needs to win the challenge and one of us has to find the hidden  immunity idol because then we're safe and Monica, Tyson and Gervase have to  vote against each other.  I I’m up climbing up trees like a monkey and Monica comes strolling up back  to the well to get some water and I’m thinking, great, now everybody and  their brother knows the idol is out on a limb.  What's up, Hayden.  Oh, you know. Hanging around.  Hanging around? Checking out the trees?  Uh-huh.  All right.  It's so frustrating to me. I'm driving myself crazy out here, I really am.  Because I can win the immunity challenge all day long but if I don't find the  idol Ciera's going home. I haven't found it yet, i've been all over the  (bleep)ing tree. There's one big tree, that's the obvious one and I have  climbed it. Been all over it. The idol is not there. Somebody has it already.  I think that's what it is. Tyson might have the idol.  They're all still against us. You heard Tina Kate Hayden win the  challenge."  and "Ciera find the idol."  this game is crazy and changes all the time and after that last tribal  council I know I have to work to get to that final four spot so even though  she's a wild card, I know I’m going to need Monica to make it to the end of  this game. That means I need to do everything in my power to make sure  nothing messes up this three-person alliance and I need to do everything in  my power to make sure us three are sitting in the final. So 1-10, how much do  you trust me?  10.  How much do you trust Hayden?  Hayden is scrambling.  How much do you trust Ciera?  5.  (laughs) you're generous.  5.  I wouldn't have even given her a five. You're generous. How much do you trust  Tyson.  He's in my alliance. I trust him at 10.  Okay.  She said "i trust you and Tyson to a 10. " definitely want to hear  that. The trust that Monica is giving out, you couldn't pay for it.  I trust you a 10 myself.  So I appreciate you guys.  You're golden.  I appreciate you guys saving me. I know you did that. You all could have  flipped on me but you all chose me. I'm still here because Tyson drew rocks.  I mean, they're both my guys. I've tried to play very selfless out here. And  the act that those two guys did was selfless, too. And so what they did last  night for me, it meant something. It's called scruples.  Trust me, I understand that.  I like these guys and I think they genuinely like me and I feel like I will  have a bond with those two guys forever. I have loved you from day one.  Same-same.  But you've got to be able to separate real life and the game of "Survivor."  so I am playing this game for Monica, not Tyson and Gervase. Monica.  We've got to come up with a plan.  I'll probably talk to -- &gt;&gt;Gervase is not going to flip.  Not at all. Our only chance is Monica.  Are you going to throw the boys under the bus?  Uh-huh.  Do it. Hard.  I will. I'll just go to Tyson and -- i'll say "you're dumb, they'll do  whatever you want them to do."  tell her she's on a leash.  The hail mary play is to tell Monica Tyson and Gervase are talking crap about  her and see if we can get her to flip on over to the good guys. Come see the  light, Monica. We're the good guys. The good guys need to win this.  Jeff: You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yes. First, Gervase, I back. Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For  today's challenge, you're going to dive into the water and push a buoy along  a rope and through an obstacle. Once you reach the shore, you'll untie a bag  of letter tiles and use them to solve a classic "Survivor" phrase.  First to finish wins immunity, safe at tribal council. Losers, after 35 days,  somebody will be voted out, sent to Redemption Island where you will have to  compete against laura Tina-- two w competitors-- to get back in thisame. In  addition, you're playing for reward. Want to know what you're playing?  Yes!  Jeff: The winner of today's challenge will get to order from a "Survivor"  men yaw prepared a especially for you and have the food delivered to camp.  Your choices of entree include steak, lobster, pizza, burger, real food  providing a real advantage of these last few days when food is very hard to  come by. We'll draw for spots, we'll get started. Here we go. For immunity  and reward, Survivors ready? Go! Hayden and Tyson out quickly. Monica right behind.  Gervase and Ciera are bringing up the rear. Gervase is even beating Ciera and  Gervase is no star in the water. It is Hayden and Tyson side by side. Man,  they are cruising through this. Monica to her platform. Gervase to his  platform. Tyson back in the water. Ciera finally to her platform. Hayden back  in the water. Gervase trying to work through this. Monica trying to work  through it. Monica back in the water. Gervase right behind Monica. Tyson is  first back to shore. There's Hayden. Start untying your letter tiles. Ciera  is still struggling, giving up a lot of time and a big immunity challenge.  Monica's back. Tyson has his letter tiles. He's starting on the phrase. Ciera  is dead last in this challenge. Hayden has his letter tiles. Monica has her  bag. Gervase has his out. They can start working on their phrase. Ciera the  last one to the platform to start untying her bag of letter tiles. Tyson is  working on it. Hayden has already started. Gervase is in on it. Monica is  working on it. You are forming an eight-word phrase. There will be many words  you can form the trick is forming the right words. Ciera has her letter  tiles. She can start working on it. She is way behind right now. This is a  common "Survivor" phrase. Doesn't mean it's easy. But if you are a  fan of this show, you have heard it before. Monica has a couple words. The  question is, are they the right words? Tyson thinks he has something. Your  best bet is to try lots of combinations. If you get stuck on one three or  four-letter word and you don't move it, you're falling behind. You've heard  me utter a phrase very similar to this this season. Gervase now racing to put  together a fifth word. If he's right, he's almost there. There are eight  words in this phrase. Ciera not giving up. She was last here but she's in it.  A lot of people now circling the same words. That could be a good sign. You  have heard this. I have said it to you. Ciera thinks she's on to something.  Gervase thinks he has something. Maybe he has an idea that's right. He has  six words. Ciera has six. They are neck in neck. If they're right. Ciera  trying different combinations for these last two words. She's moving very  quickly. Ciera thinks she has it and she does! You are going to have to dig  deep! Ciera wins immunity and reward!  I won one!  Yeah, Ciera! Ciera, come on over. Ciera, safe at tonight's tribal council. In  addition, you've won reward. Before you decide what you want to have  delivered to camp, choose one person to join you for lunch.  Hayden.  Didn't even think about it. Hayden all the way. Hayden, come on over.  Nice job!  Jeff: All right, this menu is for you. You can each pick one entree. All  right, this food will be delivered to you at camp. It is yours only. No  sharing with Tyson, Monica and Gervase. To the bigger issue, tribal council  tonight. Ciera is safe, not going home. As for the rest of you, Hayden, Tyson,  Monica, Gervase, after 35 days, one of you will be voted out of this tribe,  sent to Redemption Island where you will have to compete for a shot back in  this game. Grab your stuff, head back to camp, see you tonight at tribal.  Congrats.  Jeff: Ciera!  Great job!  Can you believe it?  Yes, I can believe it!  Oh, my gosh! I just won! I just won immunity and it is unreal. The first  thing that went through my mind instead of "I’m safe" or  "instead of I get to eat" is "when my mom hears this she's  going to be so proud of me." all of you people looking at me like I made  a stupid decision trying to go against all mighty Tyson, in your face because  I just did it. Don't ever count me out. My mom is potentially coming back  into this game then you have two to worry about not just one.  I'm proud of you. I really am.  Thank you. I'm proud of myself. I think the fact I chose Hayden also shows  we're not scared. I'm not trying to kiss Tyson's ass and it's the best  feeling ever and now that I know what it feels like I’m going to be going for  that every single time.  Oh, my God!  Today's immunity challenge, I needed to win today and what do you know? I  freaking lay an egg. So i've got to pull a rabbit out of my hat if I’m going  to stick around. But the good news is Ciera did win and we got to crush some  food.  Cheers.  Cheers.  You know what? It's almost better that all three of us don't get to eat  together.  That's a nice way to look at it.  Just stick to the plan?  Yup.  Hayden?  It will be interesting to see who they target. Probably me again.  Think they're freaking out?  Uh-huh.  Yeah. They're worried.  Uh-huh.  So talk to Monica, tell her to vote Gervase.  Uh-huh.  Tell her the two of us are going to vote Gervase because we think Tyson has  an idol.  And I’m going to tell her everything about Tyson and Gervase, everything.  Throw them under the bus.  Uh-huh. I'm going all out with her. I'm not leaving anything out. Hayden and  I have not found the idol so right now our only choice is to figure out who  is the crack in the alliance between Gervase, Tyson, and Monica. And Monica  is definitely the crack.  So you're going to talk to Monica?  Yeah. She's an emotional wreck out here right now so if I can play on that  and if I can throw Tyson and Gervase under the bus maybe she'd be willing to  work with me and Hayden. Something I want to tell you-- honest.  Okay.  Is that Tyson is a villain in this game. And I know you don't think so  because, like, you're in tight with him.  Right.  But he was talking mad crap about you. And saying that -- tons of things and  saying that you were going to be an easy vote for him to bring in. He said  you're weak. He said you're paranoid. And he said you're a puppy on his leash  and you'll vote however. He's like "don't worry, Monica's with me, she's  my puppy, she'll do whatever you tell her to do." he'll talk all nice to  you and then he'll roll his eyes when you say something. Rude, mean, hurtful  things.  Still?  Still. He was telling me all of these things and I promise you.  How would you explain, then, Tyson going all the try the end to draw rocks?  Tyson did that because Tyson knew if Tyson -- if Tyson would have flipped and  voted you out, guess who was next? Tyson because we had the numbers.  Right.  That's the only reason he did that. So just -- just think about it. Come on,  I’m sorry, I didn't mean to make you cry.  It's okay. It's a hard game.  I'm glad to know the information but damn! It hurt me. I mean, it was like a  gut punch. I came in saying to get to the end I might have to mislead and  misdirect but I can guerin (bleep) tee you I would never hurt someone and  there's a big difference. So guess what? It's now become a me game.  Do what's best for Monica but just know it. And if you want me to tell you  something, vote Gervase tonight.  Tonight Tyson and Gervase, they're going to be on the defense for the first  time and Monica's going to be on the offense because if I am their puppy dog,  they better stand corrected.  You think she's okay down there?  Looks like in a matter of moments I am the swing vote. Ciera and Hayden need  me to go with them. Tyson and Gervase need me to go with them. It's up to Monica.   Is Monica good with Ciera with her?  And Ciera came up smiling kind of.  You know, I trust her now and I have no doubt in my mind she's not going to  sway.  You never know, you know? I'm getting nervous, dude.  We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Aras, Vytas, Caleb and Katie.  Stunner!  She looks hot.  Okay, so at the last tribal council, Ciera, you made a big move, your side  lost. Was it still that division going into today's challenge?  Definitely. I mean, me and Hayden knew that it was them three versus two and  one of us had to pull out a win.  We're on the bottom, jeff, Ciera and i. It's two versus three. You do feel  the pressure. Sometimes things don't go your way in the challenges but  there's other aspects of the game you can control.  Jeff: So when you go back to camp, do you sit down and say "all right,  who do we think is the one person we can get to crack?"  not necessarily crack but you can focus on the truth and there's one reason  we're keeping Monica around and that's because they think they can beater in  the end. They drew a rock because Tyson knows if Monica isn't around he can't  beat anybody else.  I drew rocks because I knew I could trust Monica to the end.  I'm sure.  Jeff, one man's perception is another man's reality. What they perceive is a  reality to them but that's not what's really going on. That is what people do  on the bottom. You start throwing as much trash at the wall and hope  something sticks.  Jeff: And Monica, last tribal council is stuck.  It did.  Jeff: Did they come to you, Monica?  Yes, Ciera cam and filled me h some unbecoming tngs that had been said by Gervase  and Tyson.  Jeff: How did that sit with you?  Nobody likes to hear negative things about themselves.  Do you think there's any truth what she's alleging was said about you?  Perhaps. And that's something i've been thinking about the entire way here.  Jeff: Tyson, does it concern you that Ciera might have been sring either  secrets or making up lies?  It does a bit but Ciera and I talked and I said "who do you want to go  to the final three with?" first person she said Monica because she could  beat her. I'm sure she told her lies. But Monica knows what kind of character  I am.  Monica knows what kind of character you are to her face not behind your back.   I told Monica woman to woman I want you to know who you're playing with and  when you get to the final three and they beat you see sitting at home the  trash they've talked about you to get you to that point you're going to be  like what was I doing? Like, these are vicious, rude things and if if you  want to go to the end with that I would still have the same respect for you  because you made it to the end but I felt like I wanted you to know.  It's funny how they're telling Monica this stuff now when they're desperate  to stay in the game. Nobody said this stuff to Monica when it happened. Why  not? If we talked so much trash about Monica why would you hold on to that?  You know why? Because you're trying to use it to your advantage.  Just because Tyson was in control of the game. Controlling majority over  here.trolling the you'reshed.  So who's controlling your alliance? Is it you?  You can talk to Ciera about this?  Yes or no? Is it you?  No.  Who is it then? Ciera? It's got to be one of you guys. Somebody's got to be I  over there because if not the problem and that's why you're going home one by  one  okay, first this. Gervase making fun of mona because I was thinking number I sat  here lasttribal council controllednt to stand for it and I to know he has  made fun you, I promise you not just made fun evil rude things have been said.   Jeff: How are you hangi in there, Monica? It's the phrase of the day.  "you're going to have to d deep."i've done. I' years old and I’m finding  that space deep down d deep and I’m doing it and I don't know what more I do.can't  respect that I like these people and tha what's so hard and so that Ciera  told me today? Hell yes it hurt me. And a new side of me has out and I just  -- I’m resilient and, you know, morality and ethical issues are going to  Jeff: Gervase, Monica just you're ingenuous ethically that could biteou in  the ass in the no matter how sure you are your alliance, when you hear  things, your mind starts to think about it. What Ciera week, it plays on  happen that fast.  Jeff: And Hayden, that's what you rely on. Getting inside som and showing them  aetter path to the in which they cann.  That's the truth. Tyson have superior game to you.  I  and the perception have, the perception tha has is that you're's lap dog and  that he's using you all end. Opinion and do we talk through it?  Monica, I love you. I have respect for you. All I’m telling you is they're  that manipulatin they told me multiple times "Monica is easy, do  whatever I tell her to do." this is a moment "i Monica culpepper's  game." m.c.'s game right now not only that, a big move you your family  is going to be cheering.  Thank you.  Jeff: Once again weind ourselves in a vesting situation. It is vote. Hayden,  you're u  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay, once the votes are  read the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Hayden.  Gervase. Hayden. That's two votes Hayden. Gervase. We're tied. Two votes Hayden;  two votes Gervase. One vote left. 14th person voted out of "Survivor: Blood  vs. Water" Hayden. You need to bring me your torch.  Get them, girl.  Good game, fellas.  Jeff: Hayden, the tribe has spoken. You will have a chance to get back in  this game. Grab your torch, head to Redemption Island. Good luck.  Bye, Hayden.  See y'all later.  Jeff: Well, after tonight's tribal council it's very clear. There's a tight  alliance of three and Ciera on the outside. There's one wild card: Redemption  island. Who's coming back and how will they change the game? Grab your  torches, head back to camp. Good night. Captioning brought to you by Survivor  productions, cbs, captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Next time on a special two hour season finale.  Do or die today.  Jeff: One will return from Redemption Island.  I have to get back in the game.  Jeff: And one will win the title of sole "Survivor."  i want the million dollars. I want to be the sole Survivor. I want the title.   Jeff: Sunday, december 15.  Hayden! Hay.  Hayden!  Hello, hay dis.  Oh!  I know.  Dang it!  Tribal tonight was brutal. I felt like we were close but here I am, Monica  doing Monica, just listening to what Tyson says. Monica is a lap dog. Tyson  has her on a leash.