<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor." after 26 days, two things were  certain. Katie was alone at the bottom.  I'm now so loan in this game.  Jeff: And Ciera and laura were the last pair in this game.  Did you think we'd be the last couple?  Jeff: But Ciera's alliance, the tadhana 5, came up with a plan to break up  her and her mom.  I'm going to tell you something and you're not going to be super happy.  You're going to vote my mom.  Jeff: Fortunately for them, see care a was on board.  If my mom needs to go in order for me to win the game, that's something to  look at.  I love you.  Love you.  Jeff: But the pressure of voting out her mom was taking its toll.  I mean, I don't want to have to vote my mom out. I came into this, like,  wanting to split the end with my mom, but --  Jeff: At tribal council, Ciera made the toughest and most emotional vote of  the season. 11th person voted out of Survivor: Blood vs. Water," voting  out other mom. Sending her back to Redemption Island. Laura, the tribe has  spoken. Seven are left, who will be voted out tonight?  Sorry I cried.  Looks like everyone included Ciera voted for her mom. So I’m surprised that Ciera  chose water over blood. But syria a has a plan and I don't think her mom was  part of it.  I don't know, like, I’m weirdly okay with it. I knew that it was going to  happen eventually. Tonight was really rough. It was not easy having to write  my mom's name down but i've proven 100% that I’m trustworthy in moving  forward. I hope people take me seriously in the game and want to work with  me.  Ciera, I praerb@what you did tonight. I know nobody had to put a vote down  that was as hard as it was for you. Ciera writing her mom's name down it was  hardest voting position of the game so far. By doing that, she's showing loyalty.  But at the same time, it makes me scared of her. I can see she's playing the  game pretty hard. I think she's underestimated by a lot of people and will be  dangerous.  So funny, I’m both nervous and excited. Nervous that it's Katie but I’m also  excited if it's Katie.  Mom?  Katie? Oh! Honey!  Oh!  Other mom.  It's not Katie!  I hear a little voice going "mom?" and I’m like, oh, it's Katie!  But no, it was Laura M. Back once again to Redemption Island.  Ciera took me to the beach and said "mom, they're going to vote you out  unless you can do something." and then she had to put my name down.  Wow.  I'm having a hard time defining how I’m feeling about Ciera writing my name  down because it sucks that I’m here, it sucks that Ciera had to do that. It  sucks that she did that. But I’m proud of her. I mean, she's playing the  game.  It was just tough. It was really tough. We were the only one loved one  couples and they were threatened by me still. Which they're stupid, Monica's  winning the challenges and Tyson is flying under the radar.  Tyson is so -- he's running it! Why isn't anybody voting him out?  Jeff: Come on in, guys! We'll now bring in the competitors for today's duel.  Vytas, Tina and laura voted out for the second time at the last tribal  council. So, laura, the last vote we showed at tribal said "mom." Ciera  voted you out of this game. She voted her mom out.  I'm proud of her. We knew at some point one of us would have to vote the  other one out. I just didn't think it was going to be so soon, and it's okay.   Sorry!  It's okay. I'll come back.  Jeff: All right, laura, if you want back in this game, you're going to have  to make sure you finish before either Tina or Vytas. Two people will move on,  one won't. For today's duel, you're going to race to remove four colored  cubes from a long net tunnel. Once you have all four you must stack them so  there are no repeating colors on any side. First two to finish live to see  day 28 in this game. The loser is out for good and will join Aras on the jury  as the second member. In addition, the winner of this duel decides who gets  the clue to the location of the hidden immunity idol. It is becoming a bigger  and bigger story every single day. Take your spots, we'll get started. All  right, here we go. Two will move on. Survivors ready? Go.  Let's go, guys.  Jeff: That rope is rough. It's going to beat up your hands but you can't  worry about that right now. Vytas has his first box. Laura has her first box.  It's Vytas and laura out to a quick start. Tina has her first one.  Good job.  Jeff: Vytas making quick work of this. Vytas has his second box. There are  four total. Laura has her second box.  Good job, mom.  Jeff: Tina really slowing down.  Pop it hard, mom!  Jeff: It's Vytas and Laura Both working on their third. Vytas has his third.  Laura has her third. Tina has her second. She's one full box behind. That is  a lot of time.  There you go, mom, be quick.  Jeff: Vytas almost rolling his through now. Laura has a good rhythm. Right  now it's Tina that's in trouble. Vytas very close. Vytas has his fourth! He  can start solving it. Laura has her fourth and she is working on her puzzle  now. Tina still working on her third. What you are trying to do now is  assemble this so that there are no repeating colors on any siden't.  Oh, there we go!  Jeff: Tina has her third, now working on her fourth. Meanwhile, laura and Vytas  have been working on this puzzle already. This is laura's second shot at Redemption  Island arena. Can she live to see day 28 and a shot to get back in the game  again?  Come on, mom!  Jeff: Tina has her fourth. She can start working on it now.  Green, red, yellow --  Jeff: This puzzle will fool you. You'll be certain and then you'll spin it  around and realize whoops.  Crap. Okay. Will that do it? Yellow. That's good.  Does she have it.  I got it.  Jeff: Laura thinks she has it. Red, yellow, purple, green. Yellow, red,  purple, green. Purple, green, red yellow. Laura wins, will stay alive to see  day 28. We're now looking for one more spot. It's now Tina and Vytas, the  last person to finish will join the jury. Laura now trying to block it and  spin it.  You've got it, Tina, relax.  Ah! Put the one with three yellows on the bottom.  Jeff: Laura clearly helping Tina. Not hiding it.  Three reds.  Jeff: Vytas, feeling ganged up on?  Totally.  Jeff: Tina is back in this challenge.  Right there. Right there.  Jeff: This is two moms sticking together trying to make sure Vytas does not  advance. Anything ha k happen in "Survivor." Vytas getting very  close on his own. Tina now completely caught up.  Purple is facing you. That a girl. That a girl.  Jeff: You don't want to lose right now. Nobody wants to be out of this game  after 27 days.  Red facing you. A red.  Jeff: Tina and Vytas both working on their final block. Vytas now listening  to laura, too, this is going to be close.  Purple right there! I think you've got it.  I'm done.  I have it, too.  Jeff: Hold Vytas. Red, yell, low purple, green. Purple, green, red yellow.  Purple green red yellow. Tina has it right. Tina lives to see another day.  Good job. Vytas missed out by literally one second.  Sorry, buddy. I'm sorry.  Good try.  No.  Jeff: Vytas wants nothing do with laura.  That's all right.  Jeff: Laura, congratulations. Come out here for the second time, get it done  right away, let everybody know "I’m a threat." Tina, you survive  but only with the help of the other mom, laura. Vytas, you came into this  game seeking some connection with your brother and some recognition of being  your own person. And yet you leave here because two moms conspired against  you to make sure you didn't move on and it worked.  They don't want me to move forward because I’m threatening to them. That's  why Aras and I got voted out. We're two huge threats in this game.  Jeff: What do you think will happen when you go back with home with your  relationship with your brother. He's been very clear he wanted to heal with  you. He wanted to move forward.  I remember when Aras came back the first time, nobody could relate to his  experience. Like you don't know what happened out there, man. None of us  could relate. But going back together we have this shared experience and it's  going to bring us a lot closer, I’m sure of that.  Jeff: Vytas, after 27 days in this game, your time is up. Grab your stuff,  toss your buff in the urn, we'll see you back. Love you, baby.  Good job, guys.  Namaste, bitches. (laughter).  Jeff: Laura, for winning this duel you decide who gets the clue to the idol.  I'm going to give it to Ciera and she can do whatever she wants with it.  Whether burn it, keep it, share it.  All right, I think I’m going to burn it.  Jeff: Once again a clue that could give you safety in this game. Thanks, mom.  All right, laura, Tina, congratulations, you will live to see day 28. Grab  your stuff, head back to Redemption Island.  Love you.  Thank you, thank you.  Jeff: All right, guys, grab your stuff, head back to camp. You worked  together. See you later Vytas.  With seven people in the game right now, the next vote and the vote after  that are going to be the most important. I have to get past this next vote so  the wisest thing I can do right now from my perspective is keep everybody  against Katie.  Hey --  we're good.  Katie is the most dangerous player right now. She has three jury votes  already. That's what we have to be careful of. She has Aras, Vytas' and Tina's  vote right now.  Sealed?  That's almost half the votes. We can't let her stick around.  We had the five-person alliance, me, Caleb, Tyson, Gervase Ciera. We could  continue along the course of that five by voting out Katie but you do not  want to be the guy that waited too long to make a move and got blindsided  yourself. That's what you don't want to be be.  It's not going to be up to us if we don't make a move. We can sit on our  hands and hope things work out or we can kind of, like, try and take action  and do our own thing.  Knock it out.  Yeah.  Jeff: .  In all honesty, I feel like Tyson is going to beat us in the end.  He's been in control of the whole game.  The whole thing.  And in the end it's a huge piece to the puzzle. Tyson's got a hell of a  resume to preach to the jury when we get there. So we're thinking maybe  before we get to the final 5 we'll have to pick off somebody and that  somebody's going to be Tyson.  You're safe because we've got to take Tyson out.  Caleb .  We're gonna blind side him.  Can I trust you like one million percent?  Yes.  I've been at the bottom the past few able toes. It wasn't looking good for  me. I feel like one of the her met crabs that walk along the beach and you  have to transition from home to home and you don't have a shell and there's  predators. Now I feel look i've found a shell. My best option is to work with  my original tadhana members and get rid of Tyson so I feel like my options  are getting better.  Boys!  Girl!  Well?  Well, what's new. What are you guys thinking?  We're thinking it's time to shake up the game a little bit. Like Tyson.  Okay.  Right now we could use Katie as an extra Tyson vote.  So the four of us vote Tyson and Tyson goes home because the four of just a majority.   Smart. Us three final three?  Absolutely.  We can so outstart these veterans right now. Caleb said he wanted to make a  big move and he wanted Tyson gone and that really throws me off because I feel  like these people who haven't played the game before are so willing to flip  and flop on each other. It's too sketchy for me to invest in them. So I today  Caleb and Hayden what they wanted to hear but I don't want to work with  people like that.  And I’m like, it depends. And he goes we want Tyson gone. But I promise you  this: I am voting however you're voting from here on out, i'll vote whatever  you want me to vote. I don't want to go with them.  You have a much better chance against me.  I totally know. So if we can just work together I have your back 100%.  I have yours and I told you that from day one.  Because I do not trust them.  And I don't, either. I trust Gervase and Monica. Will go with us because i've  shown her more love than anybody else has. So that's four, we got it. Then  we're flipping it on Hayden or Caleb.  Deal.  I'm nervous now. I was hoping to make it to six before I made my move and  locked the game down but I may have to lock it down earlier. I trust Monica  and I trust Gervase. Ciera is the major wild card here. I hope Ciera is  telling the truth but in the end it makes more sense for me to go that  direction anyways because I need Caleb and Hayden out and the sooner the  better.  Listen to this: Ciera told me they're planning to vote me out. She said Caleb  came up and said "you ready for a big move? We're going to do it, Tyson."  she said she trusted me enough that all I have to do is tell her who to vote  for and she will vote with me every single vote until the end.  So what do you want to get rid of Caleb?  Yeah. He's so likable. He's the clear shot at the million.  Ciera says that Caleb and Hayden are targeting Tyson and are going to try to  vote him out. So now we're thinking okay, we've got to get rid of them. Two  days ago the four guys, we had control of the game. But now we're all plotting  on each other and it makes me nervous. But as long as Ciera just sticks with  us we should be good.  Sneaky bastards.  I know. I really trusted them. I was ready to go to the final four with them.   Hayden and Caleb are trying to stir the pot and they just got sloppy. And  when you break your alliance like that the gloves come off and it's gonna get  real dirty and ugly. Tomorrow's gonna be huge.  Yeah.  Good morning!  Good morning. You sleep all right? Little bit?  Little bit.  You want to come get with me?  Okay.  We'll be back. Bye.  She walked right by here and didn't say a word.  She won't even look at me in the eye. Ciera.  Me, either.  Let's see.  There it is!  So we still good for --  we're still on for --  promise?  Yup, promise.  I got like a weird vibe this morning?  .  You did? That's okay, we're still on board, me and Gervase talked about it  last night. We're gonna do it. Straight to the finals.  Straight to the finals.  I'm so I didn't go along with Hayden and Caleb. I feel like I made the right  decision and I trust Tyson because Tyson knows, a, they're gunning for him.  B, I saved him and, c, he doesn't want to be sitting next to them at the end  anyway. So I feel like I’m in a good spot come next tribal. Tribal. Okay.  "are you one big happy family? Do you have a grip on this game? You'd  better hold on for dear life or tonight you could lose your flame."  ooh! What does that mean?  This morning I saw Ciera and Tyson run off into the woods then I started  thinking, you know what? What if Ciera tells Tyson, hey, those guys are going  to blind side you. And I started to get paranoid because I realize if Ciera  flipped we could be in big trouble here.  So we're going Tyson, right?  We are, that's --  that's the plan.  Yeah. But when they left they were kind of looking out our direction.  It makes me nervous.  Yeah, me, too.  Why is she so chummy with Tyson?  I don't know.  Do you think she would go with Tyson?  I think potentially.  Because if so then one of you could blind side her into going -- if we don't  have her vote. I thought voting Tyson was the best option and it was going to  be smooth sailing but now that there's suspicion about Ciera there may have  to be a plan "b."  we need to make sure that we're in the majority.  I feel like at this point everything's all up in the air and no one is safe  so this challenge is huge. And if Ciera doesn't win immunity she could be in  trouble.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! Guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: First things first, Monica. Once again immunity is back up for grabs.  For today's challenge, you're each going to hold on to a rope handle. It's  attached to a bucket. Inside the bucket is 25% of your body weight. As the  challenge goes on, you'll be unable to bear that weight, the rope will unspool,  the bucket will drop, you're out of the challenge. Last person left standing  wins immunity, is safe from the vote. Losers, tribal council where somebody  will be voted out of this tribe and sent to Redemption Island. But there is a  twist. If, after 29 days, you feel so secure that you don't need immunity  tonight you can sit it out and feast.  Oh, my God!  Jeff: Barbecue steak, barbecued chicken, barbecued sausage.  Man, that smells good.  I smelled it.  I smelled it, too!  Jeff: It's an individual decision. You can take a white rock and a black  rock. Take one of each. How good do you feel in your alliance? Good enough to  eat?  This sucks!  Jeff: Black means I don't need immunity, I’m eating. White says I’m competing.  Stick your right handout. Reveal. Tyson is going to eat, Gervase is going to  eat and career a is going to eat. Hayden, Caleb, Monica and Katie will  compete. People who are eating take a spot over here. Everybody else take  your spots. We'll get started. This is going to be interesting. All right,  skwrers are a, Tyson, Ciera have chose on the sit out this challenge. They  will start eating when the challenge starts and you can continue eating until  the challenge ends. Everybody -- hold on. Hold on. Everybody put your hands  on the handle. Click it back and release that spring. All right, everybody's  in position. This challenge is on. Start eating.  Here.  Thank you.  Jeff: There is 25% of your body weight in each bucket. You'll know you're  starting to get in trouble when your bucket starts to lower. That means that  rope is unspooling. Seven people came here to compete, three opted out.  Leaving Katie, Hayden, Monica and Caleb to duke it out. Always interesting  who will choose to not even compete for the one thing that keeps you safe  with seven people left.  That's very tender.  Jeff: Katie's bucket starting to drop a little. How's the food.  Delicious to the taste and very desirable. Keep it up, guys.  Jeff: Monica has won two individual immunities. She would love to add that  necklace once again.  Listen, I’m here to show my kids. Their dad is made of grit but so's their  mom.  Jeff: That's part of this adventure for you, isn't it?  Wholeheartedly. Show the kids more than one bad ass lives in our house.  We're gonna be here a while.  Jeff: Been out there ten minutes. It's got to seem like an hour.  It hurts.  Yeah, it does.  (belches).  Jeff: Hayden, does it bug you a little bit that they feel so confident  they're going to eat?  If I lose this challenge then i'll be a little bit upset.  At us?  Jeff: Monica's bucket has not moved at all. Katie's has dropped a bit.  Hayden's dropped a bit. Caleb has dropped a bit. Hayden, Caleb, and Katie  right back up to the top just like that.  Good job, guys.  I hope they go for, like, an hour.  Sweet tea or coke?  Iced tea. I'll drink one for you.  Shut up.  Jeff: Katie's bucket starting to drop a little. Caleb's bucket starting to  drop. Katie's bucket starting to lower even more. Katie can hold on no  longer. Katie is out of this challenge and we are down to three. Hayden, Monica  and Caleb. Caleb, get under your skin at all? Three people are saying "i  know we're not going home tonight.  Oh, yeah, at this point the way my hands are hurting. But it's not worth it.  That's good.  Skin is tearing off the hands.  Jeff: Caleb, not only are they eating, they're having a good time. They're  laughing! Perform more me! Show me blood! Bring me some more meat!  Jeff, blood will be dripping interpret the I soon.  Awesome. Minutes now. Hayden's bucket slipping again. That bucket is almost  halfway down. Monica's bucket is starting to drop a little. Hayden says  "I’m here to play, let me just remind you." even with those  blisters Hayden is wrenching that bucket back up. Everybody pulling their  buckets back up. That is determination. And just like that Caleb's slipping  again.  I'm starting to bleed.  Well, you know, I’m not voting you out.  Yup.  Sorry guys.  Good job, Caleb.  Caleb, let it down. Cannot take the pain anymore. Definitely showed he is  worthy but fell short. We are down to two. It is Hayden and Monica. Monica  has won two individual immunities. Hayden has won none. No sooner said than  he wrenches it back up again sending another signal to Monica "you're  not going to get this without working for it." Monica inching right back  to the top. Hayden's bucket slipping again. Hayden's going to have to really  dig now. It is crunch time for Hayden. Monica looking very good. That bucket  is still at the top of her rope.  Mom power!  Jeff: Hayden slipping a little more. Dangerous. Anything left in that tank  right now is when you use it.  Come on, Hayden, crank that back up, man, let's go. Back to the top.  Jeff: Hayden slipping a little more. Hayden lets go. Monica wins her third  individual immunity! Peace out!  Good job, Monica.  Jeff: You can finish what's in your mouth. That's it. We're done.  You did unbelievable. Monica, come on over. Once again, Monica is safe.  Good job, Monica!  Jeff: Third individual immunity win. As for the rest of you, Gervase, Tyson, Ciera,  Katie, Hayden and Caleb, somebody will be voted out tonight, sent to Redemption  Island where you will have to fight to get back in this game. Grab your  stuff, head back to camp. See you tonight at tribal.  Good job, Monica. Unbelievable.  What is that, three Monica culpepper?  I want to hear about steaks. Tell me about a chicken.  The steak was the best.  Was it?  It was so soft. Like, no gristle, nothing.  And the chicken?  The chicken there was --  i liked the skin on the chicken.  There was chicken breast and drumsticks.  What about the bread? The bread? Were the rolls good?  The loaf was good.  We walk into the challenge today and you can either compete or choose to eat  and I don't want to be the guy that gets blindsided and goes home so I want  to compete. Tyson, Gervase, Ciera, they all chose to eat and it's kind of  telling. They obviously feel very comfortable and if the three of them feel  that good maybe they're all working together to get rid of one of us.  When I saw them over there today eating it made me wonder.  I agree. I don't think I can trust her. And I know I can trust Caleb and I know  I can trust you. But it's three against four.  Right.  I'm in a predicament. I could be on a sinking ship so now I’m back-pedaling  thinking okay, I have to scramble and make a new plan.  I think Ciera's already went with Tyson. We just have to make sure we here in  the majority, dude, I don't care how we do it.  What if we just flat out ask Tyson.  Ask him what?  If they're planning on blind siding one of us. See what his reaction is.  Uh-huh.  And then we can even say she's obviously playing us against each other.  Yeah.  And we all vote as one.  I'm just not feeling 100% on them.  I'm not, either.  Ciera did it to herself.  Hey, we've got to be on the same page.  Right.  Like, seriously. Um, we felt like you, Ciera and Gervase are trying to get  one of us.  Right.  Jeff: .  That's what I feel.  I was kind of under the same impression that you guys were out to get me.  Ciera blamed that on you guys.  The only reason is because we thought you were trying to get us. In my head I’m  thinking if Tyson's after me we have to get him first.  Right.  Now I don't want that.  Ciera's been pull megaaside like "we got to talk." I’m like that  doesn't make sense why you guys would do that. I'm like we've got in the the  bag, why are they (bleep)ing it up? So I was still skeptical of it all.  Hayden and Caleb pulled me aside and were like "Ciera's playing both  sides." when I think about it it makes sense, why wouldn't she? She  seems like a smart enough girl and I know she's a good liar. In her mind  she's probably thinking by pitting the guys against each other she can stick  around a little longer and that was a smart move on her part. But now I’m feeling  like she's too sneaky and too smart and too deceiving to be in the game  anymore.  It's got to be Ciera.  Promise me I won't have the majority on my name.  You won't.  Okay, let's do it. Ciera guaranteed.  Okay. We're all on the same page.  The problem is I don't trust Hayden and Caleb, either. Who knows? They could  be trying to make me feel comfortable and then pow I get hit with a heart  breaker. So I might have to play my hidden immunity idol. It's that little  added bit of insurance in case something screwy happens.  I believed him.  I do, do you?  Yeah, I felt like he -- he wasn't exactly scrambling. Tyson's telling us he's  still with us but I’m not sure I buy it 100%. Hayden feels more comfortable  with it than I do. I'm city thinking is he still playing us? Is he planning  something? Is he not.  She has no idea. She's been laying around sleeping.  It's wake up time. Wake up.  Wake up time.  I mean, obviously the game of "Survivor" anything can go wrong but  hopefully everybody's on board and Ciera's going home tonight. She should  have picked a side and stuck with it.  The boys just approached me and said they've been getting sketched out  because they've been getting a weird vibe from us so then they thought they  were getting blindsided so they started gunning for us. They came to me with  this info.  Uh-huh.  Here's the thing, who do we vote out? Ciera or Caleb? Because it sounded  pretty plausible what they said. Teenage mom? Hell raiser? She can look in  your eyes and lie better than anybody.  Oh, yeah, oh, yeah. I agree. All of a sudden everything is blown to pieces. Somebody's  lying in this. Either Hayden and Caleb or Ciera.  They told me how they were going to vote, they hadn't come to me which either  means they're trying to draw votes off of them by throwing them on Ciera or  telling the truth. You tell me.  I don't know what to do! I don't know who to trust! At these times it just  comes down to your gut and that's scary. Because you put your trust in the  wrong person, you're going home!  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Aras and his brother Vytas.  All right, so let's talk about today's challenge. Hayden, when you have the  opportunity to sit out so you can eat and three people take it and four  don't, it shows that there is not harmony.  Right. No doubt. And it tells you who feels comfortable and who doesn't feel  comfortable right away. I mean, I can show you my hands.  Jeff: Hold those hands up for me. I want to see them.  They don't even look as bad as they did because the blisters have folded  back. They were borderline bleeding.  Jeff: So Hayden, when you come back to camp with hands that tomorrow are  going to be worse and Tyson and Gervase and Ciera all come back belly full of  food and it's not rice.  There's a little bit of jealousy. Really just because I don't feel as  comfortable as they do. It's like, man, how do they feel so good that they're  able to sit out this challenge where I’m on the other side thinking, man,  i've got to win today or I could be going home.  Jeff: Caleb, was there any of the three that sat out that surprised you?  Not really. No.  Jeff: So you weren't shocked to see Ciera sit out?  No, I mean she probably feels comfortable and she likes to eat.  She probably feels comfortable? There's nowhere to hide! There's seven people  left. Ciera, it's a gigantic move. It's one thing there f there's 11 or 12  people.  At the end of the day if I look at the challenge and I don't think I can win  I’m going to eat. Because i'd rather not play and eat than lose and not eat.  Jeff: Tyson, were you surprised that you, Gervase and Ciera were the three  that sat out?  I was surprised that more people weren't eating. I mean, I feel comfortable  with the alliances i've made and I would hope would feel comfortable with me  so even though all of my alliance wasn't there I tried to enjoy the food as  best I could. Which was a lot.  Jeff: Let's talk about trust. Gervase, such a simple little word, isn't it?  I trust people in my alliance. I have to. It's that simple. So I’m hoping  they keep their word. I mean, with the trust and bonds that i've made with  the people in my alliance --  Jeff: Hayden, he looked right at you. He said "i trust the people in my  alliance and I’m hoping they keep their word."  well I think Gervase realize there is' been times that, yeah, i've been  paranoid but I think we trust one another.  Jeff: So Ciera, that can't feel great, two guys behind you looking at each  other going "well, we're good." I don't see anybody tapping your  shoulder?  It feels like crap. You're supposed to be part of an alliance and to hear Gervase  and Hayden are close seconds before we're about to vote I feel like there's  an undercover message or who knows what?  Jeff: Tyson, for tonight's vote, would you be shocked if you were voted out?  I come into tribal council hoping for the best but expecting the worst so,  yeah, i'd be shocked. But that's "Survivor." somebody gets  blindsided and somebody gets shocked and it happens almost every tribal  council.  Jeff: Caleb, how about you? Do you think there's going to be a blind side  tonight?  Yes, I do.  Jeff: Ciera, would you be shocked tonight if it was you.  I would totally -- I would be completely shocked because I feel like as far  as my alliance goes i've been 100% honest, probably overly honest sharing  information and I put my trust in them 100%. So if it is me tonight then it  would be a huge blind side and the paranoia of that is always there and it's  higher than ever.  Jeff: Okay. It is time to vote. Katie, you're up.  You just ran your mouth way too much in the past two days.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so.  Jeff? Jeff, it's in here somewhere. That's not it. Hold that for a second.  Seriously, dude?  Come on, I got a lot of stuff in here. There it is.  Oh, my gosh!  Jeff: This is a hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast for Tyson will not  count. I'll read the votes. First vote, see Ciera. Caleb. Ciera. Ciera.  That's three votes Ciera, one vote Caleb. Caleb. That's three votes Ciera;  two votes Caleb. Caleb. We're tied. Three votes Ciera, three votes Caleb, one  vote left. 12th person voted out of "Survivor: Blood vs. Water," Caleb.  You need to bring me your torch. Caleb, the tribe has spoken. You will have a  chance to get back in this game. Grab your torch, head to Redemption Island.  Good luck.  Appreciate it.  Jeff: Well, with an idol and a blind side in the same tribal council, the  decisions you make about who to trust from this point out will determine who  makes it to the end. There is no room for error. Grab your torches, head back  to camp. Good night. "Survivor," trying to change his fortune in  the game Hayden throws everything on the table.  I hope everybody here likes second place because if Tyson goes to the end  he's winning.  Jeff: And it just might work.  Tell me a move to make.  If you want to get him out it's this tribal right now. Captioning brought to  you by Survivor productions, cbs, and ford. Drive one. Captioned by media  access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  tribal council tonight was not what I was expecting. I was shocked that my  name was on there.  Caleb!  I know.  I figured that Ciera was going to go home but it was definitely a successful  blind side on the other half's part.  Ciera flipped on us.  That little Ciera.  Dun dun dun!