<br/>35 days ago 10 returning players and their loved ones descended upon the  cagayan islands. Hoping to play together.  I'm so stoked that I get to play with Aras, I want to go deep into the game  with him.  Jeff: But instead they were torn apart.  You will not be playing with them. You will be playing against your loved  ones. Forced to compete against each other.  Are you no longer loved ones, you are now expectitiers, it was the beginning  of blood versus water.  Each tribe is to you going to vote someone out.  Oh my gosh.  Jeff: Laura, laura.  Not good.  Jeff: After Laura B and Candice were voted out of their tribes, their loved  ones were put to the ultimate test.  Jeff: John, you can take her spot at Redemption Island.  John chose to stay if the game.  I have to show all those dumb asses how big a mistake they made.  Jeff: While you are pert sacrificed himself for his wife.  You have now put yourself in a spot for which you have to win your way back  into this game.  Time after time after time, and I will.  Blood is thicker than anything, and laura and I are blood.  Jeff: At tadhana John was toremented by his decision to abandon his wife.  It definitely took its emotional toll on me like the second i-- .  Jeff: But he found support within his tribe, separated from their loved ones,  they formed a new family but in the game of Survivor, bonds only take so you  far. They lost four challenges in a row.  Gervase wins it for gaga long, galang wins and remains undefeated.  And were struggling to survive.  I don't know if it could get any worse.  Jeff: Meanwhile at galang, winning kept the returning players harmonious. But  every family has a black sheep.  You don't want to be a part of what is happening right now?  Jeff: Theirs was Colton.  This isn't national lampoon's horrible vacation.  Jeff: He was up to his old tricks, telling lies.  Gervase?  Jeff: And bullying. This group of veterans wouldn't stand for it.  Shut him down.  Hi really hoped that Colton had changed but you can only fake it for so long.   Jeff: And at Redemption Island arena.  I can't do this.  Meaning are you quitting again.  Yes.  Jeff: When he couldn't get his way, he quit. But Colton's quitting was only  the beginning of what would transpire at Redemption Island. There was  fighting.  He's shhing the women.  You, Brad culpepper.  Jeff: Epic battles.  There you go. Marissa stays alive.  That's why we don't quit.  Jeff: And heart-wrenching good-byes.  I love you.  I love Survivor, but I love my wife more.  Jeff: Until there was one left, Laura M. She dominated Redemption Island.  Laura stay as live. Laura m. Laura wins.  Jeff: Earning her way back into the game. And was reunited with her daughter Ciera.   Drop your-- we are merged.  Jeff: After the two tribes merged.  Are you with us.  Jeff: Tyson and Gervase saw-- as the ultimate threat.  Bring your torch.  Jeff: And took them out one by one until laura and her daughter were the only  couple remaining.  We are the last couple.  Jeff: Knowing couples were a target Ciera made the biggest and most emotional  move the game of Survivor has ever seen.  I wanted to sit the end with my mom.  Jeff: 11th person voted out, laura.  She voted out her mom to further herself in the game. And with no couples  remaining, it was the returning players who took control of the game. Winning  challenges.  Monica wins her third individual immunity.  Jeff: Finding idols.  I think I will keep it to myself.  Jeff: And reveal. And even picking up a little bit of luck.  The tribe has spoken. Grab your torch, head to research-- redump-- Redemption  Island.  Jeff: After the dust settles there were five left.  We are in the bottom, we get it, 2 versus 3.  Jeff: At the last council, Ciera and Hayden tried to convince Monica to turn  on her alliance.  Monica you are Tyson's last dog and he is using you all the way to the end.  He has made fun of you, evil rude things have been said.  Jeff: But it didn't work.  Bring your torch.  Jeff: Ciera was left on the bottom and Hayden sent to Redemption Island.  Jeff: Hayden, the tribe has spoken. Well, after tonight's tribal counsel till  is clear it is going to be a battle until the very end. Tonight it's a fight  to the finish. Gervase, the season one veteran vowed revenge on the  competition after they voted out his niece.  She walked out of redemp[1]tion  I promised I was going to get them.  I want the million dollars I want the sole Survivor. I want this.  Jeff: Monica, she's emerged from her husband's shadow dominating challenge  after challenge.  Brad has always been the breadwinner in our house. And this moment right now  here on Survivor is about me.  Jeff: Tyson the former challenge threat injured his shoulder early in the  game but quickly adapted, motivated by his love for his girlfriend.  I told myself when Rachel left that if I was going it to stay, I had to get  to the end. It was the only way it would be worth it for me to stay here. And  I’m so close.  Jeff: Ciera, this newcomer started slow but quickly became a force in the  game, even voting out her mom to get this close to the end.  I've done so much to get myself here this is my turn this is my shot. I'm  going to win the million dollars.  Jeff: Over at Redemption Island Hayden and laura will battle it out in one  final dual who will prevail and dual who will prevail and reenter the game.  Reenter the game. Find out tonight who will win the million dollar prize win  the million dollar prize and title of sole Survivor. And title of sole Survivor.   That was part of the game, I love you guys though. Put me right in the  middle. Good, good play.  I heard what you were saying. I heard it.  What I said about like your kids.  Tonight did not go according to plan, Hayden went home. I planted that seed  with Monica and it didn't work. But the great thing about this game is Redemption  Island.  It will be an interesting dual.  It will be. Obviously tomorrow someone comes back in.  Someone comes back in tomorrow.  Redemption island, my hope is that my mom comes back in. And so that is an  alliance member that I will have, whoever comes back in I know will be  working with me. So I guess I have options that I’m going to be going after  all of them.  Dow guys want the tarp or the blankie?  What do you want?  I would like to sleep on the burlap rice bag.  My best shot is going to be with Monica and Gervase. And I may have to use  that idol to keep Monica on our side I thrust you 100%. And you should be  able to say I got Tyson and I got Gervase.  Of course.  Did you want to open that.  Can I look at it?  Yeah.  Oh my gosh that's awesome.  You don't have to play this. You can take it and give it to your kid.  No, I’m not taking it that, that is yours.  I'm to the going to do anything with that. That will sit in a box until I throw  it away.  Having someone come in from redemption and partnering up with Ciera. And they  will try drawing Monica in again. And so Gervase and my goal needs to be to  keep Monica tight with us.  Can I see you for christmas?  If the guys really do just think I’m their lap dog, fine. But I’m not going  to be manipulated by Tyson and Gervase. Because guess what? Whoever comes in  from Redemption Island tomorrow is on her team. I want to be on both teams.  Two chances of going to the two chances of going to the final three. Final  three.  Hayden!  Darn it.  I know.  Dang it! We're so sorry it's you.  I need I hug. I smell bad.  We all smell bad.  This is the second time i've played a game like this and this is the first  time i've been voted out. And getting voted out sucks.  You've have a lot to catch us up on.  Ge-- Ciera won.  No, are you kidding me.  No, she was the challengers, she got it.  How about that.  Tribal was brutal. On one side, Tyson Gervase on the other. Monica in the  middle. I think we were close. But here I am, Monica just listening to what Tyson  say, bummer.  Somebody else has to get in shall did -- in its's Tyson Gervase Monica at the  end, I’m going to vote for jeff.  One of us has to get back in there.  We have to.  One of us will.  One of us will.  It's true.  Whoever gets back in, finds the idol and can change the game.  The beautiful part about this season is I’m out but I’m not done. I win at  the dual tomorrow, I’m right back in the game. And I get to compete again. I  like my chances. I really do.  This is it, you your final dual. When it is over, only one of you will return  to the game. The others will join the jury. Do-or-die.  I've been dying to do-or-die for a long time.  So long.  It's a big day today. I can taste this. There's a lot resting on today's  challenge. So if I come out of redemption arena with one ounce of energy in  me, I did something wrong.  We will never see this home again.  But we'll fever forget it.  I'm so ready for this dual today. I think Ciera is waiting for the call vary  come in. She is the lone soldier waiting on the ledge for somebody to come  in. So I have to get back in the game.  Morning guys!  We'll now bring in the competitors for our final dual. Tina, laura and Hayden  voted out at the last tribal council. Welcome to Redemption Island arena and  your final dual. Here's how it works. You're going to place one foot at the  end of a balancing board. At the other end a ceramic vase. When your vase  falls, you're out of the duel. Last person left standing with their vase  intact will rejoin this game and continue your guest for the million dollars  and the title of sole Survivor. The losers are out for good. And become the  fifth an sixth members of our jury. This is it. Your final shot. Take your  spots. We'll get started. All right, here we go, everybody place one foot at  the end of your balancing board. When dow so you will release the brace that  is right now holding your vase up. This challenge is on, nice and steady,  don't panic, there is no second plates today. One winner, two loser,  somebody's going to rejoin this game, somebody's going to be back in the hunt  for a million dollar check and the title of sole Survivor. The two others  will have a say in who wins but they'll do it from the jury side of tribal  council. Laura off to a very shaky start. Got to get it back together. She's  won five out of six duels, not just survived, won. Would love to join her  daughter back in this game. Everybody looking really good. This could go  awhile .  Another very hot day Tina is rock steady. Hayden still very steady. Laura  struggling, literally hopping around to save it. That vase is moving a lot.  Can she recover? Dig, woman. Incredible save by laura. Hayden slipped out of  nowhere. Hayden becomes the fifth member of the jury. He is out of this game.  Just like that we are down to two moms. It is laura and Tina now fighting for  one spot to get back in this game.  Let me have it, please.  No way, sister.  I love you, but this is a million dollar challenge, honey.  Laura has been struggling from the moment woe started. But she is still in it  one of you will become the sixth member of the jury. The other person is back  in this game. Part of the final five and just like that you're in the hunt  for the money and the title. The question is who is going the question is who  is going to hold out the longest to hold out the longest . Two moms battling  it out. Fina-- Tina has never won a duel. She needs to today. Laura has only  lost one dual. Tina's legs are shaking am you have to mask that pain. You  have to overcome it. Tina is fighting through pain right now. She's got to  find a way to dig through this. An amazing save. Laura, can she do it? Can  she save it again? Laura's vase drops. Laura becomes the sixth member of the  jury, Tina wins this duel and will remain as the fifth then.  I'm sorry, I know you wanted it. I know you wanted it.  Oh my gosh.  Jeff: Hayden, you won Big Brother which is its own battle.  Right.  Jeff: What's the take away from Survivor.  When you're out here, you begin to appreciate what you have back home. Like I  have an amazing family. You know, a beautiful girlfriend. And that's my biggest  take home. I am going to go home, tell the family I love them, grab my  girlfriend, give her a big kiss. And I’m excited to do it.  Jeff: All right, Hayden, you become the fifth member of our jury, will you  have a say in who wins this game. Grab your stuff, on the way out, see you at  the next tribal council.  Thanks, jeff.  Good job, Hayden.  Good luck, God bless. Love you.  Jeff: Laura, how do you read this game? Is it a success or a failure?  The failure part of me is, you know, raising kids and telling them finish  strong, finish strong. And-- .  Jeff: So you don't feel you did?  No, at this moment.  Jeff: Some will argue that if you are looking to teach your child a lesson,  that the lesson of you must win or you're a failure is maybe not the right one.  But that finishing strong is giving everything you have. You didn't win, but  does that mean you didn't finish strong?  It's-- what good is winning six, seven challenges if you can't finish it.  Mom, it's okay. You did amazing. I'm so proud of you. I really am. You have  shown me out here how to be a better friend; how to be a better woman. And  how to be a better mom more than anything. And I love you so much.  How can you walk away saying you lost after that.  Jeff: All right, laura, after 36 hard fought days in this game, your run  comes to an end. Grab your stuff, toss your buff in the earn and you become  the sixth member of our jury.  Love you, mom.  I love you. Bye, guys. [applause]  Jeff: .  Jeff: Tina, you are back in this game.  Thank you, jeff probst.  Jeff: And because you won the duel you're also in charge of who gets the last  clue. You can give it to anybody who's in the game and that includes you.  Thank you, my friend. Thank you.  Jeff: All right, grab your stuff, head back to camp. Await instruction of  your await instruction of your next challenge. Next challenge.  When my mom's vase fell my heart sank. I always had that hope that my mom  could potentially come back in it. But I’m by myself. My mom's not coming  back.  Your leg's look awesome. Congratulations.  Thank you.  I'm back in the game of Survivor. I'm just so happy, I don't know what to  say.  I know there is a huge, strong alliance with Gervase, Tyson and Monica. So I feel  like I definitely either to have to find the idol or I have to try to talk Monica  into going in with three girls and all mom's alliance.  If we find the idol, we can take the boys down. Let's look. They're not here.   I don't want to you feel pressure.  I don't feel pressure at all.  There's a large tree behind your camp. Spread out.  Lord have mercy. &gt; Tina is a freak, by the time I’m thinking should gi put my shoes on, Tina is  up the tree, running through branches, hopping from limb to limb.  Oh dear, we've got to find it.  A few feet behind your camp, just a few feet overhead with branches spread  out wide.  Maybe it's not this tree.  For a 50 some-year-old woman, she has no fear. And she acts like she's a  20-year-old. She acts like she's my age doing that and I’m the old woman down  at the bottom. Like Tina, be careful, can I help you, like, lift your foot.  It seems like that tree would be the perfect tree, doesn't it.  I don't know for sure but there is a chance that Tyson already found the  idol.  Really.  Tina was kind of like the last person I wanted back in. But I don't have  anybody else out here really. So I’m going to keep work on Monica, and she if  she at all wants to work with me and Tina.  I'll go grab a bushel of plantains.  I'll peel.  I'll be right back.  Are you sticking with the guys?  It will be interesting to hear what you y'all have to say.  I need to get some more information. Because I really don't have any.  Well, I’m just going to tell you, the jury will be ugly.  I promise you that.  It will be.  Ugly.  Everybody is pissed at you.  Pissed at me?  So mad at you.  For coming to redemption early, saying that you --  that is insane.  I'm just repeating.  Tina is very confrontational am she will stomp on Monica and say like mean,  like, in your face comments. And I’m thinking whoa, whoa, whoa. We want her  to come with us. We don't want her to hate us.  I disagree with Tina as far as the jury members feel but. Whether it's true  or not true, I don't know. But you won three challenges. You played an  amazing social game. And then at the very end to be like you thought he had--  no, this is part of my game and I think you could potentially win.  I know Monica, and I know that you have to appeal to Monica's ego. You need  to be careful what you are saying. You need to be nice to Monica. We want Monica  to feel like she's making the decision on her own, not because we are  desperate and want her to take us to final three.  To make a move at this point against Tyson and Gervase would be epic.  Sure.  And if you don't ever make a move, the jury will never vote for you. But if  you make a big move and not only a big move, an important clincher move, you  could win.  For the last hour I have been pounced on by Tina and Ciera on why I should go  with them and dump Tyson and Gervase. I got a lot of sorting out to do. I  don't know what direction I’m going to go. But this is a brutal game.  Jeff: Good morning, guys! Final five. All right, you guys ready to get to  today's immunity challenge. First things first, Ciera, I must take it back.  Once again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge you're going  to pull on a rope, leveling out an unbalanced table. You will race out  collecting wooden blocks bringing them back one at a time, attempting to  place them on the table. If your table wobbles and the blocks fall, you have  to reset them. First person to get all ten blocks on their table wins  immunity. Is safe tonight at tribal council, guaranteed a spot in the final  four. Losers, after 37 days, your shot at winning the money and the title of  sole Survivor will fall just this short. We'll get started. All right.  Everybody pull on your rope and place your first block. Here we go. Survivors  ready. Gervase has to come back. Tyson has to come back. Even if you have a  block in your hand, if your block falls, you got to put that block back, then  come restack, then go get it again. Part of the learning curve of this  challenge is going to be how fast can I pull. You're looking for that spot  between braz enand reckles reckless-- brazen and reckless. The women are  doing great out of the gate, the guys struggling. Tyson has his second block,  Gervase looking for his second block. Tina with three, Monica with three, Ciera  now with three. Tyson has three. Gervase tips again, he's got to go back.  Monica with her fourth. Tina right there with her fourth. Ciera has four.  Tina has four, Monica has four, and Tyson has four. Monica drops all four of  hers. She's got to come all the way back. This opens the door for Tina to be  in the lead. Tina drops all four of hers. That's what we're talking about  between brazen and reckless. You want to be fast but you don't want to be out  of control. Everybody is starting to realize how sensitive this unbalanced  table is. Tina can't even get afoot away from them. Monica now has five.  Ciera now has five. Tyson in the lead with six. Tina dumps hers again. You  see it happening, you know when it's too late, when that table tilts too  much. It's just a matter of a moment before your blocks fall behind. A lot of  people in this. There is still a lot of challenge left. You have to get ten  placed. Tyson has three empty spots left on that table. That's all that  stands between him and a spot in the final four. He gets a break when Ciera  damps-- dumps all six of her blocks. Monica coming back with her seventh  block. Tyson coming closer now with his eighth. He's been very steady. Tyson  has got two left. Monica has three left. Gervase has three left. Ciera places  her seventh block. Tina dumps them all. Has got to reset everything. Monica  has her eighth. Gervase has his eighth. Gervase and Monica are going to have  to hope Tyson screws up. Tyson coming back with his ninth. Tyson has one  block left. Ciera not giving up. She's starting to move a little more  quickly. And in doing so she dumps everything. Monica dumps all of hers, Gervase  dumps all of his, Gervase and Monica have to reset all their blocks and that  gives Tyson the space he needs to really take his time. Tyson has one block  left. And he's inching closer and closer. If he can just keep that table  steady. Tina dumps hers again. She's got to come back. Monica dumps hers  again. She's going for broke. That's what you have to do. Gervase was almost  there with his ninth. Everything falls. Tyson getting closer with that tenth  and final block. He places it for a count of three, two, one. Tyson wins  immunity an a guaranteed spot in the final four!  Good job, ty, good job.  Good job, brother.  Come on over, Tyson.  Should I feel like I’m being knighted?  If you want. Tyson, safe tonight at tribal council. Cannot be voted out of  this game. As for the four of you, after 37 days, Redemption Island is over.  Somebody will be voted out tonight and become the seventh member of our jury.  Should be a very interesting afternoon. Grab your stuff, head back to camp.  See you tonight at tribal. Congrats.  I never really imagined myself in this position with immunity on day 37. But  I’m not going to celebrate because it's not done. What I need to focus on now  is how the next one is going is how the next one is going to go. To go.  Good job, Tyson. I'm so happy for you.  Thank you, everybody.  That was a fun one.  It was fun, huh. Right now I have the immunity necklace and the hidden  immunity idol. I would definitely like to keep this idol as a souvenir and  give it to Rachel.  I like the getting on one knee and being knighted.  It feels good. I can relax a little bit today. And the main thing is who do  and the main thing is who do we vote out tonight. We vote out tonight.  I think-- she can't win.  You think the smartest move did to get rid of Tina tonight or Ciera tonight.  If I had to pick who I could sit next to in the jury and beat, I think I could  beat Tina before I could beat Ciera.  S why's that?  Because I feel like Ciera made the biggest move in the game. She's a young  mother who has never won before.  Our alliance is debating Tina versus Ciera right now. And I will probably let  Gervase and Monica figure it out and go with them. Because it takes a little  heat off me.  I think that Tina should go because every single person thus far sitting on  the jury is out, not one out, because of her that is really hard to beat at  the end.  At this point it has to be --  i agree. It has to be --  at first I thought maybe Tina and then I thought maybe it's better if Ciera  goats.  I don't want to make this choice. I want you guys to make it.  It doesn't really matter to me, I see merit on both sides.  I want Tina to go home first. I think it's critical to our game that the  person with the most friends on the jury goes home now.  I think Ciera is a more deadly player in this game. I do not trust her.  That's why I thought she needed to go. The chick just lies constantly and  she's going it to continue to try to worm her way into people's heads and do  what she has to doment Tina doesn't have that savvy to do it.  I'm tired of being bullied by Tina. It's time for Tina to go.  Look, I’m telling you right now, you are doing it on emotion.  That's not true.  You just said it, you are sick and tired of Tina bullying you.  I'm tired of her bullying me and she is the only person here that hasn't  voted anybody else out.  That is not strategy.  I have enough of this crap she is spewing to me because it makes no sense.  I'm like puffing my chest up right now turning into a bully leaning in on her  like woman, are you crazy?  Ciera-- voted out her mother.  Her mother is going to give her the vote no matter what.  She wrote her mother's name. I give that more credit than anything. That is a  player in this game.  I just don't feel good about it.  I've been bullied and bullied and bullied this entire game by everyone. It  hurts. I'm over it I’m done. I'm tired of being bullied.  No, no, no.  You're not listening right now. Tina has money. She's a millionaire from this  game. That is one person they will not make a millionaire again.  It's my time and you all need me. And you know what, Gervase, if you are's in  an alliance with someone, you better be nice because in the end you really  might need them.  Ciera, we did not get the job done today, my dear.  No.  Maybe we can get it done another way.  Do tell.  Obviously there's one option, ones that's not sitting with immunity.  The thing that scares me is I think he has the hidden immunity idol.  If he thinks I’m 100% with him, he's not going to think I’m wafering. He's  not going to play the idol for Gervase. She wouldn't know who to play it for,  me or him.  If Monica is going to make a move, she's going to make it tonight. I would  love for this season to go out with a huge upset and a big bang. The cards  are all in Monica's hand.  I'm one who likes to do the right thing.  After hearing that, you know, Monica is willing to vote Gervase, I thought Tina,  don't mess this up. Like keep your mouth shut and let me handle the  situation.  The option to make a move for anyone.  Right.  Tonight's tribal council, I’m going to own it. It's my night. It's my  strategic move.  Don't go with me, don't go with gerv, go with Monica.  The girls are fighting over me, salivating, trying to get my vote. And the  boys think I’m little lap dog, Monica, but tonight it's my call. I'm going to  say who goes home and I’m going to make my choice on what's best for my  choice on what's best for me. Me.  Jeff: Now bring in the member its of our jury. Aras, Vytas, Caleb, Katie, Hayden,  an laura-- and laura. So Ciera, after the last tribal council you were down  to an alliance of one.  Yeah.  Jeff: Tina, you immediately go to Ciera knowing that's my best choice.  Absolutely. She's my one and only choice.  Jeff: So we have Ciera &amp; Tina up against Tyson, Gervase and the question  is, Monica, where do you sit. Because for the last several days people have  been giving you a lot of advice. You need to make a big move. You need to  break away from these two guys.  I find myself in the middle again. The last 24 hours i've felt what it is  like to be a first-round draft pick. You know, I have both sides working on  me.  Jeff: Who made a pitch to you today, monday ca, and what did they say.  Well, the girls came to me honestly and said this is a chance for you to make  a big move. And let's take out the villain.  Jeff: Gervase, do you see yourself as a villain?  It's funny, I don't know how I got painted into being a villain. I can't  think of anything villainous that i've done. I've played the game just like  they've played the game. You know, I have kept my word to my alliance. And  those are things that good guys do.  Jeff: Ciera, what's your pitch.  Okay, woman to am was, I want to come to you and basically let you know,  since the second I met up with these boys it's been nothing but Monica is an  easy vote. Monica is an easy manipulate, Monica is a puppy dog, she will do  what I tell her to do. I'm not making this stuff up. I've been there for it.  And then there is also the end of the game when are you sitting final three.  To get the votes you have to make a big move. And what a bigger move than to  get rid of the villain of the game. What a bigger move.  I've never used the term lap dog ever, to describe Monica. I've said i've got  Monica, meaning she's with me, I trust her, she's in my alliance. She's  another person that will vote with us.  Jeff: Monica, this is tough because you have another mom whose's just  throwing out all the dirty laundry. And then you have the guy in the alliance  going she's making it up.  Jeff, I don't know how to explain this any better than the last 24 hours have  been extremely difficult. Because it's arguments that are continually  breaking down Monica. I mean you come away feeling like I just want to die  inside. It's really hard out here. It has not been until the last day that  it's gotten to be a little bit-- gotten to me a little bit. And tonight is my  strategic move. This is my minute, and my time to let people see what is the  best strategy, not for them, not for them but for Monica, and not anybody  else.  Jeff: Gervase, those are scary words.  Yeah, my heart just dropped out of my chest.  Jeff: All right, it is time to vote, Ciera, you're time to vote, Ciera,  you're up. Up.  I love playing the game with you. I have so much respect for you, but tonight  it's about me.  Jeff: I'll go tally the  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. Votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol,  tonight is the last night you can play the last night you can play it it  Jeff: If anybody has the hidden immunity idol tonight is the last night you  can is the last night you can play it.  . Play it.  .  Jeff: Thank you. This is the hidden immunity idol, any votes cast for Gervase  will not count. I'll read the votes. Gervase, does not count. Gervase, does  in the count. Ciera. 15th person voted out, the 7th member of our jury, Ciera,  that's two, that's enough. You need to bring me your torch. Ciera, the tribe  has spoken. Time for to you go.  Bye, guys.  Jeff: Congratulations, you've made it to the final four. Tomorrow you'll  compete in your final immunity challenge. Try to get a good night's sleep.  You're going to need it grab your torches. Head back to camp, good night.  I had plans I put into motion and it didn't work out. But I know i've plrbed  so much more than I ever thought I would. I thought I would go, day one, I thought  my mom would be here with a past me. And I beat her. I'm leaving with so much  confidence and strength and I’m so happy with the way I went out, fighting.  Way I went out, fighting. I feel I did all I could do. I feel I did all I could  do. I have got to say, you all shocked me on that one.  I was so nervous going into tribal council tonight. I was absolutely shocked  when it was Ciera. So once again I’m going to have try and win it, the  challenge tomorrow.  What dow want to add.  In here I’m going play my idol.  I kind of figured that you were going to give it to Gervase tonight.  I'm in this with Tyson and gerv, and I walked away from tribal council  blindsided. I wouldn't have played an idol unless they thought I was 100%  with them. So now my strategy is to regroup, to win that fourth immunity  tomorrow, so that I can be in control of my own can be in control of my own  destiny destiny . You don't get to see that every day.  I'm really, really proud that I’m here on day 38, that I definitely, 100%  convinced that if I do not win this challenge today, there's no more options  for Tina. The only way that i've got a chance in this game to get in the  final 3 is to win in the final 3 is to win today's challenge. Today's  challenge.  I looked over, was it really red over there?  Yes. It was spectacular. And you had the sun there and then the moon there,  it was just awesome.  Oh lord.  We'll remember that.  Uh-huh.  Since the merge, I felt safe because I did have the hidden immunity idol. But  idols don't exist right now. They're all done. Do-or-die today.  If there was ever a time to win a challenge, this is it.  We're down to one of the last days. And now I need it more than ever. It's  make-or-break. Do-or-die right now. So the most important part of the game is  still to come.  It's going to be interesting, to say the interesting, to say the least least  least  Jeff: Come on in, guys.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Welcome to your final immunity challenge. One last  shot. Win this challenge you guarantee yourself a spot in the final three and  a chance to plead your case for the money. Shall we get to it? First things  first, Tyson, take back the idol. The last time immunity is back up for  grabs. For today's challenge you will race through a series of obstacles  collecting bags of puzzle pieces, two at a time. You'll run them up, drop  them at your table, then race down a giant water slide collecting two more  bags. Once you have all six you will use those pieces to solve the puzzle.  The puzzle will help you solve a combination lock. First person to finish and  raise their flag wins immunity. Losers tribal council, somebody will be voted  out and become the eighth and final member of the jury. -- your spots, we'll  get started. Here we go! For immunity and a guaranteed spot at the final  tribal council, Survivors ready. Go! Two men go one way, the two women go the  other. You're looking for two bags, then you can head to the top and get rid  of them. Then you have to head back down. Monica has her first bag. Gervase  has his first bag, Tyson has his first bag. Tina has her first. Tyson looking  for his second. Monica has her second. Monica with two bags, Gervase with two  bags. It is Monica out first. She'll be heading up the stairs first. Gervase  right behind Monica. Gervase going pass Monica. She blocks him out. We've got  a challenge. Nobody going to give anybody an inch. Gervase down the slide, Monica  down the slide. Tyson has his second bag. Tyson up the stairs. Tina has her  second bag Tyson down the slide, he's looking for his third and fourth bag.  There are six total. Tina has her second. She reaches the top. Tina coming  down. Everybody working on their third and fourth bags. Gervase has his third  bag. Monica has her third bag. She's looking for number four. Tyson has his  third bag. Looking for number four. Tina banging up her knees going for her  third bag. Monica has her fourth bag. Tyson has his fourth bag. He's heading  up. Tina with three, still looking for that fourth. Starting to slow down.  Gervase has his fourth bag. Once again, Monica in the lead. She's won three  individual challenges already. Would love to add a fourth right here! Monica  an Tyson both down the slide, looking for their fifth and sixth bags. Gervase  goes sideways down the slide. He's now looking for his final two bags. Tina  now with her fourth bag. She's way behind right now. Tyson has his fifth bag.  Monica and Tyson both with one more bag left. Tina really slowing down. 38  days, many of them spent on Redemption Island taking their toll. Gervase has  his fifth bag. Everybody's now on their last bag except for Tina who still  has two left. Fewson with his sixth bag. Gervase has his sixth bag. Monica  has her last two bags. Tyson heading up with his last two bags. Gervase right  behind. Monica heading up the stairs. Once you're up there, start solving  that puzzle. Months ca, Tyson and Gervase already working on their puzzle.  Tina working on her fifth bag, following out of this challenge. Really  slowing down. Tina bouncing to that sixth and final bag. You must first solve  the puzzle, then follow the instructions. Tina has her sixth bag. She's  heading up. Gervase quickly getting on it. Tyson going to it. Monica working  through the puzzle. Tina bringing up the rear has lost a lot of time. This is  a million dollar challenge, right here. The only way to guarantee you have a  shot at the money is to win, right now. Gervase doing very well very quickly.  Tyson making a lot of progress. Monica has been the dominant person in the  challenges this season. Winning three. Tina won a duel when she needed to to  get her back in this game. It is going to come down to who can finish this  the fastest. Right now it is Monica and Tyson. This puzzle contains clues,  these clues will help you solve a combination lock. That lock will release  your flag and you're going to the final tribal council. That simple. And that  complicated. Monica continues to make progress on her puzzle. Tina is  definitely making some progress. Everybody is very close. Tyson getting  closer. Gervase, you need to pick it up. Tina starting to fall out of it  again. Monica still fighting. Tyson has solved the puzzle. Now start solving  the clues. Everything you need is written in that puzzle. Read the clues.  They will tell you the information you need to solve the combination. Tyson  heads down the slird seeking information, to solve that combination. Gervase  close to finishing his puzzle. Monica very close. Tyson now counting  something else, what is it? What does he need to solve this puzzle? Tyson is  back. Does he have the right information? Gives it a try. It works, Tyson  wins final immunity, guaranteed a spot at the final tribal council! Tyson,  come on over. When you needed it most. Tyson safe at tonight's tribal  council, you are guaranteed a spot in the final three. The question is who  will join you at that final dvymã¨8q[ã¡.t the eighth and final member of that  jury. That's what is going to be figured out this afternoon. Grab your stuff,  head back to comp. See you tonight at tribal. Congrats.  I'm bummed, of course. Because I really would have loved to have won the  challenge today. But at the same time, I can present Monica with the  opportunity to do a 2-2 vote. You know, it's a big move. And she's not made a  big move. And so go out with both guns and so go out with both guns blazing.  Blazing.  It's nice to see a little bit of celebration out of you.  Yeah!  It was either that or sit down and cry. This is the first time i've made it  to day 39. And I have a lot of best days in my life. Winning the challenge  today is probably pretty close. So we'll see if I can top it tomorrow by  giving a speech so awesome that I win a million dollars. But for right now  this is the best day in my life.  You like when I boxed you out.  I figured that culpepper had a little dirty move in him. That is the time we  saw something out of you.  Of course, give you a little elbow.  I'm steps behind and I’m like --  i eased on over to the left.  Nice.  Yeah, Gervase.  I was a little bummed by not winning but even more bummed because Monica  checked me. And I’m like are you kidding me? We have the same goal here. We  have the same goal here. To not let Tina win, not me. To not let Tina win,  not me.  Do you believe that we did it?  I can nows that it's done. I can now.  It is real simple tonight, three votes for Tina, she goes home. So now it's  every man and woman for themselves. And I have to convince the jury why I’m the  best player in the game.  I honestly did think that I could get far if the game. Not some of by winning  it but I felt like I could get at least 30 days in. And that was always my  goal.  Was your thought the way you were going to get there was by just doing you,  because you're a likable person.  That's all I can do.  That's why it is so funny hearing that I’m a villain. I haven't done anything  villainous. You know, I haven't been in mean or nasty intentionally or  anything like that.  Gervase is playing really hard for that jury vote. So I need to be on my a  game for tribal council tonight. Maybe it's Gervase's turn to have his name  written down.  When Tyson played that idol I was furious. And the fact that they kept that  secret, I could make a game changing move right now. And I could say to heck  with you guys, how dare you not you guys, how dare you not fill me in. Fill  me in.  Do you think Monica is going to get any votes, dude?  I don't know.  She might.  I know.  What if she beats us. Do you think there's a chance that that could happen?  Yup. It's crossed my mind.  Yeah, mine too.  What do you think about tonight?  Well, my only play at this point would be if you would agree to go with me  and vote ver gaes.  Right.  And because you know that Tyson and Gervase would vote me.  Correct.  And so you know that would put us at a tie which would end up making me and Gervase  build a fire and coy beat gervais in a fire.  I know that --  i don't know how up set you are about anything that he might have said about  you or you know, him acknowledging the thing that he's-- that's my only play.  And you know, I know you've got to do was's right for you. But that's my plea  to you.  The only way that I could stay into this game would be if Monica had some  sort of animosity towards Gervase. And then she and I could vote for Gervase  to do a 2-2 vote. And let it go to fire.  What do you think Gervase's chances are of winning this game?  I hear what you are saying, I hear what you are saying.  He played a better social game. I think more people like gervais than Tyson,  for some reason.  Uh-huh.  So I think he's got a better shot.  Right, that he's perhaps unbeatable.  The major dilemma is to make Gervase build fire, good, I make a big move,  that's a huge strategic move, and you know, Gervase has been talking smack  about me. Put his feet to the fire, all right, buddy, earn your spot in the  final three.  Get rid of gervais-- Gervase, than me, you, Tyson.  That's a great idea.  Because it also gives me benefit of another big move in front of the jury.  I'm smacking Gervase back, big move in front of the jury, but here is the  dilemma. What if Tina won, would I want to sit next to Tina?  Now bring in the members of our jury. Aras, Vytas, Caleb, Katie, Hayden,  laura and Ciera. So this is it. Survive tonight's tribal you make it to the  end. Tina, did you feel the pressure based on the last tribal that you had to  win today? Oh, absolutely. I knew I had two chances today. One was to win the  challenge. And when grahnie didn't pull that off. I had to go to plan b.  Jeff: Plan b is work Monica.  Oh, yeah.  Jeff: Monday ca, at the last trooibal you were very clear that is to the  about an alliance, it's about me inwinning this game. It was very clear at  today's challenge to me that this alliance was over when you checked Gervase  as he tried to pass you coming up the stairs.  Well, gervais-- Gervase has admitted to talking smack. And 43-year-old  scrappy Monica is going to hip bump you back.  Jeff: Gervase, did@vxe that move surprise you? Because it really wasn't  important in the challenge. It was more of a signal like, step back.  Yeah, I was real surprised. She had a good lead on me but I closed the gap  quick and I wanted to let her know hey I’m coming on your left,.  Jeff: You even said that.  So she slowed up, put her elbow up and hit me into the rail. I was shocked.  Jeff: This is a continuation of the statement you made at the last tribal.  All bets are off, I’m here to win.  No question. The last three tribal councils i've been in poll position. Even  today historically the person that wince individual immunity is king for the  day and everybody's lobbying why he should take me.  Jeff: That wasn't the case today.  No, Tina came to me and said we can't vote Tyson, we can only vote Gervase.  And I would love to make fire against Gervase tonight. Are you in, what do  you think?  Jeff: Tina, what would be in that for Monica?  Well, every person sitting here is trying to get to the end. And you've got  to figure out who do you want to get to the end with.  Jeff: Gervase, when you see Tina working Monica and you know I’m the one  they're going to be gunning for, does that concern you a little bit if.  Absolutely. And the closer the game gets to the end you think, I’m here. But  it's so much work to still do.  Jeff: Is there still a feeling, Gervase, that a big move even tonight could  help sway a jury tomorrow?  Yes, big move sways a lot of people it makes people stand up and say, wow,  that was great. So big moves are scary in this game. And they could happen at  any time.  Jeff: All right, it is time to vote. Tyson, you're up . I'll go tally the  votes. Once the votes are read the decision is final. The person voted out  will be asked to leave the tribal council area immediately. I'll read the  votes. First vote, Tina. Tina. Gervase. Two votes Tina, one vote Gervase. One  vote left. 16th person voted out and the 8th and final member of our jury, Tina.  Need to bring your torch.  You guys be kind to one another tomorrow, okay?  I'll try.  Jeff: Tina, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Tyson, Monica, Gervase,  congratulations. You've gone as far as you can go in this game. The power now  shifts to the jury. Eight people voted out now hold your fate in their hands.  They will decide who they think is worthy of the title of sole Survivor and  the million dollar check that goes along with it. Your job, convince them.  You have one more night out here. Get some sleep, start working on your speech.  Grab your stuff, head back to camp. Good night.  Oh my goodness. I think this is so hard for me, mainly because I know I was  one tribal council from tying sandra's record of having two wins. Because I know  if they had kept me, if I had to build a fire against gervais vaes I would  have won. So that's kind of hard. But at the same time Survivor never ceases  to deliver an adventure of a lifetime.  We did it, we did it, we  we did it, we did it, we did it. Did it.  We did it.  Sure did.  I see chilling champagne. Wow. And ice.  Mangos.  Let's go.  This morning, me, Monica, Gervase woke up, the breakfast i've been dreaming  of since day one and even before that day was there and ready for  consumption.  39 days.  To good friends, to the rest of our lives.  There were so many moments along the way where I thought I’m to the going to  do this. I'm to the going to get to day 39. But with six people left in the  game, five people left in the game, I thought this is going to actually  happen. I'm going to find myself in the final tribal council. And now I have  to focus on winning a million dollars.  It's just amazing, the final three. And Monica did it without Brad. And  without her safety net. And without anybody else. And the-- and the mom found  herselfs an became Monica again. And if all goes well tonight, I could walk  away as the sole Survivor in this first historic season of blood verse water.   A lot of blood, sweat and tears went to get me to where I needed to get in  this game and it's all worth it. I have come full circle. I'm one of the  original players to ever play this game. And after 13 years I come back to a  game that is totally different than the way I left it. And I ended up in the  finals. That's not luck. That's not chance. That's because I know how to play  this game. So I’m feeling good heading into this final tribal council. I  think I really do have a good shot at winning this million dollars and  convincing this jury that I convincing this jury that I am the sole Survivor  am the sole Survivor we now bring in the members of our jury, Aras, Vytas, Caleb,  Katie, Hayden, laura, Ciera and Tina. Welcome to your final tribal council.  Congratulations. 39 days. It's as far as you can go in this game. Now the  power in the game shifts to the jury. Eight people that you had a hand in  voting out will now decide who gets the title sole Survivor and the million  dollar check that goes with it. Let's start with opening statements. Your  first chance to address them about why you deserve to win this game. Then  they'll get their chance to address you. Then we vote. Gervase, you're up  first.  How's it going, jury. I think that I played this game great. I used the best  of old school and new school Survivor. I had a 13 year layoff, came back into  this game. You take any athlete in any sport, the rookie season, give them 13  years off, they will not make it to the finals. New school strategy, i've  done the big blindsides, started with Aras, you know, he would never have  been able to get out of this game if it wasn't for me. Tyson wasn't close  enough to make that happen it was a tough, long hard road but I played the  game the way the game should be played. I think sit until this position  definitely warrants your votes to be the sole Survivor and the winner of this  game.  Jeff: Monica.  Well, I just wanted to start with addressing the elephant in the room. And  that is I know that you all think that I was drug along like a puppy dog on a  leeferb leash by these guys to get to the end. And that's not true. I had  three choices in the last three tribal councils to go with Katie, Ciera, Hayden  and Tina. And I never choose that path. Because I wanted to fit in the end  with these guys, because I have less blood on my hands and less broken  promises. And if I would have sat with Hayden, Katie, Ciera or Tina, I would  have been more like you. And so my strategic play gave me the best chance to  win. I hope that that finds some merit in your vote. And I am proud of the  social maneuvering and things that i've done to get here.  Jeff: Tyson.  I came into this game knowing I would probably be target numbero uno from the  get-go and most of you confirmed that as I hit the galang beach. And so I said  I’m just going to have maximum amounts of fun, no regrets. An when I get  voted out, I’m going to get voted out. That changed the second I saw Rachel  at Redemption Island. When she left I said I have to get to day 39, no matter  what it takes, I have to focus every day and show her that I appreciated her  sacrifice, knowing that the reason she left was because of me, because half  of you thought I was too big of a threat so you voted her out. So I did what  I had to. I made the huge moves. I dug around for the idol, to make sure  nobody else had them. And I won challenges when I absolutely had to.  Everything I did was strategic, nothing was out of malice. And I’m here, day  39 because Rachel made that sacrifice.  Jeff: All right, jury, some of you have waited quite a few days for your  chance to address the final three. I'm going to give you a minute to firm up  what you want to say or ask, and want to say or ask, and we'll get into it.  We'll get into it.  Jeff: All right, jury this is your first chance to address Tyson, Monica and Gervase.  Your job is to elicit the information you need to make a million dollar vote.  Let's get into it. Vytas.  All right, look, guys, Tyson, the name of the game is to get before you get  got. And you definitely did that, you know, like, I wasn't going to take you  to the end. Aras wasn't going to take you to the end. That is the point you  made to get us before we got you. The problem is my last play was telling you  if you get me out, I promise you I’m to the going to give you my jury vote,  dow remember that.  I do remember that I remember you threatening that.  That was pie last play, my last ground to stand on. And to be honest, I’m going  to stick to that. Which brings me to the two of you. Gervase, old school just  means an unwillingness to adapt. This game is about adaptability and change  and it has morphed in the 13 years to play, old school works for fashion and  works for music sometimes but it doesn't work in Survivor. You linked up with  a new school player. In my opinion he kind of carried you through, so I don't  need to you say anything right now. And then with Monica, who when that tribe  swap happened, there was a genuine friendship we had. And I totally trusd new  that sense. These guys never promised me something. They promised my brother  something, but are you the only one here that turned on me. Like you an I had  a friendship and you never came and talked to me about that and honored that  friendship am. So I don't know who to vote for. I'm just going to be watching  what goes down as these other guys ask you questions tonight and how it goes.   Thanks, Vytas.  Thanks, Vytas.  Jeff: Katie, you're up.  Hi. I want to say congratulations to each and every one of you. I have one  question for Tyson. In your opening speech you said you didn't do anything  out of malice. At tribal council when we all drew between me and Ciera it was  one of the lowest moments for me when I held out the white rock and I saw you  stand up to hug me. But then you looked at me in the eyes and you said, you  see that jury seat over there, that's yours. And did you it out of malice.  Yeah, that was the one thing I regretted doing in the game. I was hoping to  have the chance to apologize to you for that.  I mean if you were in my shoes, would you vote for Tyson after a statement  like that?  It's hard because I knew you were begin gunning for me. The drawing rock  thing was a real stuff spot for me. My heart was beating. Coy hear it in my  face, and with me sometimes my mouth takes over before my brain can stop it  and says that's Katie. I would hope you could look past it and I would hope  that I would be a big enough person to look past it and vote for the person  that you feel played the best game. I would hope coy do that, but I can't  tell you with certainty that I would.  Thanks Katie.  Thank you.  And sorry about that, Katie, I really am, it is my one regret of the game.  Thank you.  Jeff: Caleb, you're up.  Hi, y'all. My question is to you, Gervase. What was your big game-changing  move?  I think my biggest move of the game was voting out Aras. I know everybody  thinks Tyson makes the move but here is the thing with my playing style. I  was never the target. Yes, I wanted Tyson's team like he was pulling the  trigger and all these moves because they wanted to vote out who, Tyson. I  think that's genius. He's taking all the heat. But a lot of the moves that  happened in this game came from me.  I appreciate it. Monica, for me, I feel like you just have that perfect  persona about you and you know, I’m going to have to have something from you.  Be vulnerable. Tell me something instead of from up here I need you to answer  from in here. You know, like from the heart.  My whole life has been about Brad, and nine years in the nfl. And I want  this. It's never, ever, ever in the last 21 years, one day, been about me.  And today it is. And I’m proud of me. I don't know if you all are proud of me  or not. I haven't had a friend out here. I felt like i've been the lonely  heart from the minute Brad walked out that door. And I stayed. And I fought.  And I said what is your goal here, woman. And it is to get to the end. And  it's not to just get to the end, it's to get to the end and win and have some  sort of badge of honor for Monica, me, other than Brad's wife, and honor's  mom. And that's why I’m here.  I appreciate it. Good luck, you guys.  Jeff: Thanks, Caleb. I Ciera, you're up.  Hi, guys. Tyson, I obviously titled you the villain. So I want to know do you  see yourself as the villain or as the hero.  I honestly don't see myself as the villain. Like I said in my opening  statement, every move I made was strategic. It wasn't ever personal. It  wasn't ever out of dislike for anyone. Everything came down to how many  numbers does this person have, where do they fit in their alliance, whose's  the strongest socially, is somebody going to beat me in a challenge down the  road. Everything I did was pure strategy. And for that reason, I would say I’m  definitely not the villain. A hero, Rachel considers me a hero. And I guess  fur's not the villain than you have to be the hero.  Okay, thanks, Tyson. Gervase, were you ever going to vote out Tyson?  My plan was to do it at the right time. And I was really looking at a final  four spot to get rid of Tyson. At that time in the game, I just felt like if  I joined you guys, and we got rid of Tyson I absolutely was going to be next  to go. And my best odds at that moment in time were to stay with Tyson and  ride it out. And if I sat here next to him and lost, it's okay. Because I made  that decision. I feel like I can definitely beat Tyson and that's why I decided  to make that move and come here tonight.  Okay. That's all I got for you guys.  Thanks, Ciera.  Jeff: Laura, you're up. Okay, so Monica, I don't know who you are. Let me  give you an example. You know what is hard for me is I can sometimes be  really prickly and be really hard to be around. And I need to work on that.  Okay, that's being vulnerable and that's saying okay, I’m going to just strip  my clothes off. Here is an uglyness about myself.  I think all my uglinesses have been shown on this game.  Tell me what.  If you are classic culpepper, a lot of times I thought you know what Monica  you are completely out of place in this game.  Why, what makes you out of place.  People say you are a puppy dog, people say are you being drug around. People  are making fun of people say you talk too much. People say they don't like  your stories. People say Monica only tells stories about her family because  there's nothing interesting about Monica.  How does that not devastate you and bring you to your knees in this game.  It did, numerous times. And you know what? I've grown out here. And I let all  of those emotions go away. And I fought. I win a challenge, all little 100  pounds of me is freaking he mass yated. I'm eating grubs, worms, pig  intestine and I weigh half as much as these people weigh, why, cause because  it's my time. I don't know what more you want me to say.  Little you answered it perfectly with that, those last few words that you  said there was vulnerable.  Thank you for asking.  Thanks.  Thank you, laura.  Thanks a lot.  Jeff: Tina.  Hey, guys. I want to you give me one word and one word only that best  describes the core of who you are. Monica?  Generous.  Gervase.  It's honorable, that is what Gervase means t means hon orbl. And I am a  person that your word is your bond. And you know, Caleb probably doesn't  think that, but outside of this game, yes, I think I’m a very honorable  person.  Tyson.  It's fun-loving one word or is that two.  I will take it.  Okay ox fun-loving.  Okay.  Jeff: Thanks, Tina.  Jeff: Hayden, you're up.  Tyson, coming to you, man. Did you have the idol.  Yes.  Where was it?  I found it in a bird's nest up in a tree, one step ahead of you again.  Touche.  Touche, perfect.  Touche.  Monday ca, you know I love you. And I love Brad. He's a huge character.  And I made him.  And I’m sure did you.  I made him.  And I know are you the backbone of the house and I know you're a great mom.  But the perception is maybe you've been a little fake. And that's yu get beat  up constantly. Like we want to see inside Monica. Like what do you think our  perception of you is. I mean I know --  it's obvious, I heard it time and time again. What dow-- I don't really quite  know what y'all want me to do more than i've done.  The last thing I want to do is come here and beat you up that is not what I want  to do.  I feel like such a target to everyone. Have y'all never met a nice person,  have y'all never met somebody that isn't selfish. Have y'all never met a neat  lady. I mean --  i feel like i've opened up and it's just like keep punching her. What is  y'all's goal.  That not the case. I just feel like we haven't gotten to know you.  Well, maybe at the end of the game we can have dinner and coffee and --  i would like that.  Me too.  Jeff: All right, Aras, finish this up.  All right. Congratulations, guys. It is exciting to soak in this moment  because in my opinion this is probably the best moment of the whole  experience, even after I won the million dollars. So Gervase let me start  with you. Prove to me you have game awareness by assuming I can only vote for  Monica or Tyson. And fell me why I should vote for them. Only choose one,  tell me what they did and why it was instrumental in getting them here.  I would definitely say Tyson. He had a lot of different elements to his game.  Cosee two people talking and go up to them and say hey, I don't know what is  going on, but I want in. You know, he had everybody digging up the beach,  looking for the idol that he had. Chasing them all around the idol to make  sure they don't find something that is not there I thought that was great  game play. I mean you can't knock anything about his game.  Okay. Monica, who made the best move? And who should I vote for between those  two boys.  Hands down you have to vote for Tyson. He found two hidden immunity idols and  he did win those last two immunities when people could have gotten rid of  him, but they couldn't. I felt like he was a charging horse for 39 days.  Awesome, thanks, Monica character, Tyson, same question. I can't vote for  you, I’m voting between Gervase and monday cas, without do I vote for and  why.  Honestly I would have to go with Monica. When we tart started at galang, we  will something pretty good. I said you watch my back, I you watch mine. Tribe  split, she kept her distance from Gervase and me, she always wanted people to  think she was on the bottom and it worked beautifully. She would get  information that we couldn't get because we were too close to each other it  was amazing how well it worked. And so that I would say was her big move.  Okay, thanks, Tyson.  Yup.  Good luck.  Thanks, Aras.  Jeff: Really good final tribal council. Hopefully the answers you got from Tyson,  Monica an Gervase have given you the information need to make a million  dollar vote. I'm going to give you a minute to take it all in and minute to  take it all in and then we will vote. Then we will vote.  Jeff: All right, 39 days and it comes down to this, one final vote. Tonight  you're voting for a winner. You're voting for either Tyson or Monica or Gervase.  You who you think most deserves the title of sole Survivor and the million  dollar check that goes with it. For the last time, it is for the last time,  it is time to vote, Aras you're up time to vote, Aras you're up  go to buy Rachel a house and marry her and make a lot of babies, a lot of  babies, congratulations, man. Congratulations, man.  You're a little bit annoying but you're a real annoying but you're a real  strong woman. Strong woman.  Jeff: I'll go get the  Jeff: I'll go get the votes. Votes. Thank you for a great season of Survivor,  our 27th season, 39 days is a long time, I know you want me to read these  votes right now. But you're going to have to wait until we get back to the  united states. See you there. See you there. All right. All right. [cheers  and applause]  Jeff: All right, nice welcome. Have a seat! Thank you for the nice welcome  wow, it's a lively audience. Fittingly, it's been a good season. Here's where  we're at. 39 days in the philippines. New twist with blood versus water. A  lot of emotion, a lot of memorable moments. Brings us to a final three, Tyson,  Monica, Gervase. A jury of your peers, their eight votes. One winner, a  million dollars at stake. These are votes you want to see your name on. I  will read the votes. Here we go. [cheers and applause] first vote, Monica.  [cheers and applause] Tyson. One vote Monica, one vote Tyson. Tyson. [cheers  and applause] two votes Tyson, one vote Monica. Tyson. [cheers and applause]  that's three votes Tyson, one vote Monica. Tyson. Four votes Tyson, one vote Monica.  The winner of Survivor blood versus water, Tyson! Versus water, Tyson!  [cheers and applause] [cheers and applause]  Jeff: Our 27th season Survivor blood versus water is over, Tyson has won. Now  comes the fun part. We get everybody back together on one stage live and we  hash out what went down, and a lot went down. Plus we're taking your tweets.  We want to know what you thought about this season of Survivor, #Survivor  finale t is the "Survivor: Blood vs. Water" reunion show. We are  live in los angeles! We are live in los angeles! [cheers and applause]