<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor".  Laura, the tribe has spoken. After Laura M. Was voted out, no couples were  left and the game was on.  The four of us.  Jeff: Caleb and Hayden saw a chance to blind side their biggest threat.  Tyson's got a hell of a resume to preach to the jury when we get there.  Jeff: After Ciera revealed their plan --  he said "we want Tyson gone."  Jeff: Tyson was ready to fight fire with fire.  I need Caleb and Hayden out.  Jeff: Nicing tribal council, Caleb and Hayden feared their plan was falling  apart.  Ciera said you guys wanted me go.  Because we thought you were trying to get us.  Jeff: So they through Ciera under the bus.  It's got to be Ciera.  On the same page.  Jeff: At tribal council, Tyson insured his safety by playing his idol. Any  votes cast for Tyson will not count. In the end he didn't need it when Caleb  was sent to Redemption Island. Caleb, the tribe has spoken. Six are left. Who  will be voted out tonight?  Well, that was fun.  We're all here for day 30.  Pit of snakes. I'm so excited.  Good move. Nobody saw it coming.  Sorry, dude.  That's a great move, man. Tribal council blew up in our face but we were  expecting to blind side Ciera but gosh! It was just -- I mean, good move to  them. Kat would say touche and I’m thinking these sons of -- guns. (laughs) I  hope everybody here likes second place. Second place. Because if Tyson goes  to the end he's winning because he is playing a hell of a game. Pure poetry.  You are playing the best game. Nobody can touch you so far.  Hey, hey, hey! Oh, no! Tyson can't do nothing if it wasn't for me! Tyson  wouldn't be where he's at!  Come on, let this guy talk!  He's not playing this game! I'm playing his game. I got my hand on his back.  He's pulling the trigger.  He's on my lap! Gervase, if you're sitting next to him in tend he'll beat you  all day. Same with everybody here.  Hayden, why are you throwing me under the bus, dude?  I've got to do something. It's the flat out truth. You deserve to win the  game.  I didn't like how Hayden threw me under the bus when he said "I’m vote  tighe son, if takes it makes it to the end I’m going to vote." I wish I would  haven't played the idol then I would have it for next time. Although I trust  my alliance enough that that shouldn't be of much concern.  Let's decide who we're voting for right now next time.  Didn't we already say?  Hayden?  Yeah.  Jeff: Okay, Hayden it is. If he wins the challenge it's Katie. We can remind  each other about it. He's coming back.  We're good.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! Competitors for today's duel: Tina, laura, and Caleb  voted out at the last tribal council. Caleb, I don't think you even looked up  at this tribe of people that voted you out at the last tribal.  You'd be correct.  Jeff: Nothing to say to them?  Um, there's two faces i'd have some good words for. But just afraid to look  the wrong place.  Jeff: Who are the two?  Katie and Hayden.  Jeff: Everybody else is --  a man's word is a man's word and in the south it means something and in the  game of "Survivor" and utah and philly it doesn't mean as much.  Jeff: Tyson and Gervase, I think he's pointing you two out. Utah and philly.  Any thought's on that? A man's word is a man's word except in philly, Gervase?   It's true. I'm old school, your word is your bond and we made a bond with Caleb  and Hayden and from what I heard they tried to do us dirty first so we got  smart and did it to them before they got us and I think that's sore loser  status right there.  Jeff: Let's get to today's duel. For today's duel we'll have 150 wooden  tiles. Use them to build a house of cards. The first two to build a house of  cards eight feed tall or the two with the highest stack of cards after 30  minutes live to see another shot to get back in this game. The loser is out  of this game for good. In addition, the winner of this dual decides who gets  the clue to the location of the hidden immunity idol. Take your spots, we'll  get started. Here we go. Survivors ready? Go. Something you did when you were  a kid. House of cards. Just not with a million dollars attached to it. The  first two to reach the top of the post which is eight feed or if we go 30  minutes, the two of w the highest stack will survive out here. There's  definitely a learning curve to this. So if you drop, don't panic, just start  again. You can't let it be demoralizin demoralizing. Just pick up and  continue on.  Good job, mama.  Jeff: Laura Making a lot of progress. A gigantic lead over Caleb and Tina.  And this is where it gets very delicate.  Jeff: Take your time, mom. One jittery hand, one misstep, that whole stack  comes down and you have to start over and suddenly Caleb and Tina are now in  it. Tina a little over three feet. Caleb right around two. Laura getting  closer she's at seven and a half feet.  That's okay. That's okay.  Jeff: She loses the top part but manages to save everything else. Laura loses  another card. This is why you never give up. Being kroes is not being  finished.  Take your time, mom.  Jeff: Laura recovers. Seems to be okay for the moment. Still has a good to  go. At nearly eight feet she has to be very careful she does not disrupt that  stack. Laura very, very close. One card away. This will do it. Three, two,  one. Laura wins this duel, stays alive on Redemption Island. Another great  performance and we're looking for one more now. Caleb or Tina.  Great job, girl.  You got a good lead on him, Tina, so relax.  Jeff: There are three minutes left in this duel.  Good job, mom. You got it.  Jeff: Three minutes to reach the eight-foot point or three minutes to be  higher than the other person. Whose ever stack is the highest will move on.  That's okay, Tina. That's okay.  Jeff: Tina loses part of her stack. Tina and Caleb now are about dead even.  Caleb is making a bit of a run.  He's getting a bit of a lead.  Jeff: Caleb sensing that momentum. Tina needs to get it back. We're down to  two minutes left in this duel.  Tina, you've got to pick it up, Tina.  Jeff: Tina struggling with the same stack.  Mom, maybe climb up.  Jeff: Caleb pulling away now. Caleb with about two and a half feet left. Tina  with three feet left. This is going to come down to the wire. One minute  left.  Careful. Careful.  Jeff: Tina loses part of the back half of her structure. Caleb is getting  higher but his stack is definitely crooked. A million dollars on the line.  We're down to 30 seconds. Caleb's entire stack --  just stay there. Just stay there.  Jeff: -- fell to the ground. Tina has a new strategy. Tina is going to sit  there. She knows Caleb can't catch her. We're down to ten seconds left.  Ten, nine, eight, seven, six --  Jeff: Counting it down. Count it.  Five, four, three, two, one!  Jeff: Tina Survivors. Will live to see another day on Redemption Island.  Good try, Caleb.  Jeff: Joins laura in continuing their quest to get back in this game.  I'm sorry, Caleb.  That's fine.  Oh, my gosh, good job, honey.  Jeff: Laura, congratulations. Another win at Redemption Island arena. Tina,  congratulations.  Thank you.  Jeff: You both stay alive. Caleb, 30 days in this game, I’m guessing you  impressed a lot of people with your work ethic and the way you handle Colton.   Probably.  Jeff: Your relationship which is still a mystery to me.  The relationship will stay a mist troy a lot of people and, you know,  opposites attract. Even though we're similar, opposites attract.  <br/>Jeff: In what ways are you similar?  We're both guys. His estrogen level is probably higher than mine but that's  probably about it.  Jeff: All right, Caleb. After 30 days you are out of this game. You can toss  your buff in the urn. (applause)  love you, Caleb.  Jeff: All right, laura, once again you get to determine who gets the clue to  the location of the idol. Who are you going to give it to?  My girl Ciera.  Jeff: Ciera once again gets the clue.  I'm going to keep it.  Jeff: This time Ciera is going to keep the clue.  Uh-huh.  Jeff: Go find that. Dig, girl. Find that idol.  Jeff: Laura, Tina, congratulations. You live to see another day. Grab your  stuff, head back to Redemption Island. Await your next competitor and your  next duel. All right, guys, grab your stuff. Head back to camp.  Working it.  This is the first Redemption Island i've gone to where i've been like, mom,  you better pull this one out. We knew Tyson played an idol which meant there  was going to be a new one probably in play.  We need water.  We're out of water? I'll get some water.  Jeff: The big question has been if my mom wins do I take the clue? And I kind  of felt like I needed to because if Katie gets it or if Hayden gets it,  that's bad news for souse we're going to open it as a group, we'll find it  and decide what to do with it.  Ready? Let's see what this bad boy says. "not too far from your water,  not too close to the ground hides incredible power but only if it's  found." "not too far from your water. Not too close to the  ground."  in a tree.  Ciera opens up the clue and reads it aloud and I was like, yes!  Should we start looking?  Yeah.  I say we spy on them.  Yeah, we can do that.  So now everybody scatters and looking and looking and all of a sudden Hayden  walks up.  What are you guys looking for?  Nothing.  I cruise towards the well and Tyson, Gervase, Ciera and Monica are all down  there peeking around looking in trees like hunting, searching and it's  obvious. The idol is down there somewhere.  You're going to stick back here and look?  I'm going to look for a minute. It's my last hope. I have to look and find  the hidden immunity idol.  This is stupid.  I used the idol at the last tribal council and a new one came back into play  and I have to find it otherwise I don't know who's going to have it. So so  the safest thing for me to do is to find the idol. I'm threat number one and  everyone knows that and I know that. I'm just trying to play the game and  trying to get to the end and I told myself when Rachel left that if I was  going to stay I had to get to the end. So that -- it's the only way that it  would be worth it for me to stay here and not go in when I could have saved  her. So i've just been fighting and clawing and I’m so close. And I still  feel like it's going to get pulled out from under me. And I hate that feeling  because i've worked too hard to get here. Boom! I don't have pockets on any  of my clothes so i've got to put it right in my crash where nobody will  suspect a bulge. Now the trick is, do I share it with everybody or keep it to  myself again? I think i'll keep it to myself. Okay, that's it. I can rest  easy. I have the hidden immunity idol. It's up to me to just stay focused and  don't let Hayden win the challenge. That's the number one thing, Hayden can't  win. That was the diciest moment of the game for me so far was having that  idol on the loose so -- now I can probably take a nap today. I was not going  to be able to take a nap unless I found that thing. Okay. Did it again. Nap  time.  Where's your head at, bro? Where's your head at?  In the game, as always.  Last night when you told me you were okay with second place, I know that's  not true.  I'm glad you do.  I struck a nerve with Gervase so I think Gervase is open to working with me.  Blind siding Tyson. We just have to figure out how to do it.  From my perspective, I don't see a move. Tell me a move to make.  If I have Katie-- which I do-- and I get Ciera, you're on?  You have to get Ciera. It's got to be -- you have to look at my face and tell  me gerj, it's 100%. I think Tyson is playing the game well but I’m not  putting my trust and faith in Hayden at all. I have my trust and faith in Tyson  and it's got me this first but I want those options out there and Hayden's a  good option to have.  I won't do anything to blow up your game.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! Guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: For the third time, i'll take back the necklace from Monica. Thank you.  Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge you're going  to race through a series of obstacles while balancing a ball on top of a  pole. At the end of each obstacle, you'll add another section of pole making  it more difficult to balance. The ball drops, you go back. Once you reach the  end you'll release a key, unlock a box and use the sandbags inside the to  knock over nine bamboo targets. First person to finish wins immunity, safe  from the vote. Losers, tribal council where somebody will be voted out of  this game and sent to Redemption Island. In addition, the winner is playing  for reward. Want to know what you're playing for?  Yeah!  Jeff: The winner of this challenge will enjoy an afternoon of ice cream.  You'll have a "Survivor" ice cream cart delivered to your camp. Ice  cream bars, ice cream sandwiches, ice cream cones. So while everybody else is  worried about the vote, you will have the certainty of immunity and a  bellyful of ice cream. Big stakes. Everything matters at this point. Take  your spots. We'll get started. Here we go, for immunity and reward, Survivors  ready? Go! First section is easy, just one bit of poll. Tyson drops quickly,  has to go back. Everybody else doing a nice job. You want to take your time.  Hayden has to go back. That first pole you have to go under, the ball has to  go over. Ciera's got to come back! Kay den's got to come back. Monica is  through. Monica once again off to a fast start in an individual immunity  challenge. Gervase is through. Tyson is through. Monica, Tyson, Gervase  working on their poles, Hayden is now through. Ciera and Katie bringing up  the rear. Monica starting on her second section. Tyson already dropping.  Katie's good. Ciera's good. Monica out to an early lead. Gervase right  behind. Here comes Hayden and Tyson. Hayden's got to go back. This requires  patience, balance, Hayden trying to get in this. Katie can't even get on the  beam. Monica's through the second section. Gervase is through the second  section. Tyson is through the second section. Monica already has her third  section of pole. This is as tough as this challenge will get right here.  Hayden's through the second section. It is Hayden, Tyson, Gervase and Monica.  Oh, Katie just took it on the head! She's got to go back. Katie falling out  of this. Ciera very slow falling out of it. Tyson drops. He's got to come  back. It is Monica still in the lead. She's won three individual immunities.  Gervase right behind her. Both have been perfect in this challenge. Monica is  through. Gervase is through. It is Monica and Gervase. Hayden drops. He's got  to go back. Tyson would love to catch up but he's got to hustle. Monica's at  her key station. Gervase now at his key station. Jervas and Monica both  release their keys. Monica has her sandbags and she's starting to throw. She  has been on a tear in this season. Gervase knocks down three right away.  Monica knocks down her second. Tyson is through.  Oh, God.  Jeff:er have skwras knocks down three more. EGervase quickly down to two  left. He's plowing through this. Gervase down to one left. Very close! Monica  down to five left. Make it four. Gervase has won! Monica knocks down another!  Tyson in it now. He knocks down two. Gervase still missing that last one.  Monica's down to three. Monica has two left! Tyson trying to catch up.  Eskwrer Gervase has one left. It's Monica and Gervase! Gervase wins  individual immunity and reward! Gervase, come on over. (applause) Gervase,  safe from the vote tonight, you are not going home on day 32. In addition,  you have a nice reward coming to camp. A "Survivor" ice cream cart.  What could be better on a a 115 degree day?  Nothing but ice cream, caramel sauce and more ice cream.  Jeff: Ice cream alone is fine but with somebody else it's more fun. Choose  one person who will join you at camp to feast on the ice cream.  I'll take Monica.  Jeff: Monica, come on over, join Gervase.  Thanks, jerv, means a lot.  Jeff: Is this payback for the day she gave up that burgers and hot dogs?  Now the burden is off my shoulders.  Jeff: Two is fun, three's a party. One more person.  Oh, you're killing me!  Jeff: People have made million dollar mistakes at this point in the game. Who  do you choose and who do you leave behind?  I've got to go with my left hand man Tyson.  Jeff: Tyson, come on over. How's that feel, Tyson?  Good. I'm left handed so I’m assuming that's why he said left hand man.  (laughs).  Jeff: All right. Somebody will be voted out tonight, sent to Redemption  Island. You will have to fight to get back in this game. Everybody grab your  stuff, head back to camp. See you tonight at tribal. Congrats.  Thanks.  With the big arm.  Thanks, everyone. So finally, 32 days into the game I win immunity.  Awesome.  Did you take gymnastics when you were a kid, dude?  I kind of did.  You rocked that balance beam.  I'm in a great position no matter which way I playthings. I'm in a secure  alliance. Me, Tyson, Monica, the three, together. We have Ciera which makes  four. We pretty much control the game.  Do you hear that?  Ice cream! Ice cream!  Ice cream!  Ice cream!  Root beer float, yeah, I want that.  Me, too.  Is that a beer?  Root beer.  Do they have to do it right in front of camp?  Gervase decided to choose Monica and Tyson to eat ice cream with them and  that leaves the door open for me to talk to Ciera and pitch her the idea,  hey, Ciera, let's make a move here.  So say Katie goes home tonight or I go home tonight.  Okay.  Jeff: Who do you honestly think is going to go home next week? Do you think  Katie goes home next week? Do you think I go home?  I think it would be you.  I think it's you.  Jeff: Well, I mean, I would like -- I would hope it would be one of you two.  Part of my strategy has been making Hayden and Katie feel like they have,  like, a glimmer of hope. But I have no intention of doing anything with Hayden  and Katie.  Jeff: You really think that's what will happen?  Yes. And that's my honest opinion. What are you wanting to have happen?  I mean, I’m in a tough spot because it's going to be me most likely.  Okay.  I get that.  Okay.  But if we had the majority would you make a big move?  Depends on who your majority is.  Gervase is on board if you're on board.  So what are you wanting to do at this point right now?  Here's the thing. Tyson may or may not have an idol. You can either make a  stink at tribal like we're going to vote out Tyson and make him flush his  idol and vote out Monica or we can try and be sly. You have to have a resume  to win and you have to have said you made a big move and this could be that  for you.  And all I’m telling you is -- I mean, when you look at the votes right now,  for me to vote with you guys twaoub 3-3 vote and I’m not doing that.  Jeff: Gervase and Ciera right now can make a huge move and get out Tyson. If  they make this move they probably deserve to win this game.  All right, guys, I want to talk to you both. You don't want second place. You  don't want second place. If we all vote together we have four. The three of  us, Katie, Tyson will never see it coming. Tyson goes home. Next week Katie  goes home. It's a huge move. If you want to get him out, it's this tribal  right now. He's not expecting it.  He has the numbers.  He has the numbers but he knows that nobody -- he knows everybody thinks that  they're going to lose him-to-him in the end-- which they are.  I think I have a chance to beat Tyson because Tyson has done the same crimes.   He has, but he's played the game.  Tonight is simple: Hayden's got to go and then thank goodness it can be Katie  next. I don't know how she's still around.  I agree with gerv. Katie has just a big a shot of me at the end and you, do,  too.  You want to win first place. You don't want to go to the end and get second  or third? Second place is the first loser.  What I was hoping was Ciera and Gervase were going to roll with me to blind  side Tyson and they're not doing it. I don't like to lose. I'm the worst --  the worst loser. Got! Tyson, I’m sitting here trying to convince everyone to  blind side you. It's not -- it hasn't worked.  Good.  You know I love you, but I’m just trying to play the game.  I know. I know you are.  Yup.  That's the way it goes.  Tonight, I’m going to go into tribal guns blazing. I'm going to go it n and  blow it up. Let things fly. Go down swinging. Maybe it won't be me. We'll  see. We will see. The chapter is not closed yet.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Aras, Vytas, and Caleb.  Okay, so at the last tribal council there was a very clear division of Gervase,  Monica, Tyson, and Ciera and then it was Hayden, Katie and Caleb who was  voted out. So, Hayden, is it safe to assume it's still that division only now  it's 4-2?  That's exactly right. The four of them are being controlled by Tyson. The two  of us are on our own.  Jeff: Boy, those are big words, Ciera. He just said you were being controlled  by Tyson.  Yeah. Let him think what he wants to think. I'm comfortable in my position  with my alliance.  Jeff: Although you weren't chosen today by Gervase as part of the reward.  I think his decision was based on the fact that I have been able to be a part  of a lot of the food rewards so I didn't take any offense to it.  It's obvious the two people are chose are original tkpwa lang members. I put  my blood sweat and tears in this game.  Jeff: Ciera, that speech right there is great if you're Tyson and Monica. Not  so good if you're Ciera.  I agree 100%.  Jeff: Hayden, this is the opportunity you need because you and Katie have nothing  to lose. If you can sway Ciera to go 3-3, now we have a new game.  Jeff, that's it. And, again, Tyson's controlling these people. Caleb and I took  a backseat while Tyson pointed fingers and said okay, it's Aras. Or it's Vytas.  Or, hey, it's laura.  Was I the one that voted your mom snout.  No. And actually Hayden and Caleb werwere the ones who said they wanted to  vote my mom out.  Jeff: Katie, where do you fit in in all this?  Well, during this whole political what have you --  Jeff: Hold on. Hold on. When you say during that whole political whatever,  that is "Survivor." this is where the game is won or lost. Do you  get that?  Well, i've been at the bottom so I haven't been able to be a part of these  conversations.  Jeff: Monica, why would it make sense for Ciera to say that Tyson Monica Gervase  trio are tight, maybe I need go with Hayden and Katie and have a shot to the  end?  That's a bad move. Because four is better than six. You don't know what type  of promises have been made to people because people at this point start to  think about who can I beat?  Can I say something, jeff? Monica just said to Ciera 4 is better than 6 which  immediately means Ciera, you're number four. If you came on this side, there  is no four five or six. There's one, two and three. Or one, two, and three.  However you frame it.  That's incorrect.  What do you mean that's incorrect?  What she has on that side is a back stabber, a back stabber, a liar, a liar.  What she has on this side is honest words, people who keep their word and keep  it together.  (laughter)  why is the jury laughing?  Because they tried to stab us in the back and got played first! That's why  they're laughing. Nobody's entertaining any ideas of jumping ship in this  alliance. It's one two three and four. And Hayden, guess that? You're going  on a jury! Believe that! You're going to be on the jury.  I'm sure.  Jeff: Okay. But Gervase, once again, Ciera was number four when you counted  it out.  Just how I’m counting. Ciera knows one thing for certain: She's not going home  tonight so she can run with that to the bank. But if she wants to go home,  the time to make a move is now.  Jeff: Tyson, that's not necessarily true. You can divide this 3-3, split it  up and force people to draw rocks.  I don't think Ciera's four.  Yeah, right.  Well, then that would mean Monica would be four.  Perhaps.  There's no perhaps about it. If Ciera's not four you are four.  You're assuming me and Gervase are one and two?  Yes, I am.  Ciera, I’m telling you right now, i've never betrayed you. These guys have  both written your name down and i've protected you and kept you with us and I’m  planning on staying with that.  Okay.  Jeff: Ciera, bucknumer be four all day long. You can come with us, we can  draw rocks.  Ciera --  and that's a big move.  Oh, my gosh.  Jeff: Ciera, what did he say when he came back to camp after Caleb went home?  Who's getting his vote, Tyson?  But that was to ruffle your feathers Gervase?  Do you want somebody wishy-washy or people who have been 100 with you? We've  been 100.  Air is it was to rile feathers.  Ruffle. Ruffle feathers. You said rustle feathers.  Rustle, ruffle, whatever.  Rustle is a first name.  R-u-s-tle. Rustling leaves.  Jeff: That's the craziest conversation i've ever heard before a potentially  million dollar vote.  Ciera, 1-4 over there and you know you're number four. You make a big move  and it works out you're a millionaire at the end of the game.  And if it doesn't work out you can be going home tonight by drawing a rock.  Jeff: Wow. It's been a crazy tribal council. Let's see where it all comes  out. It is time to vote. Katie, you're up.  Don't hate the players, homey, hate the game! This isn't pwroez, it's "Survivor."  we do things different here. You're about to get a lesson in how to play the  game.  Never tell an insane person they're going home next.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it now would be the time to do so. Okay, once the votes are read  the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to li the tribal  council area immediately. I'll read the first. First vote, Hayden. Hayden.  Monica. Monica. That's two votes Monica; two votes Hayden. Hayden. That's  three votes Hayden, two votes Monica, one vote left. Monica. We're tied.  What are you doing?  Jeff: Here's what's going to happen. We'll revote. Kphaopb won't vote. Hayden  will not vote. You can only vote for Hayden or Monica. Katie, you'll come get  this.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. I'll read the votes. Monica. Hayden. Monica.  That's two votes Monica, one vote Hayden, one vote left. We are deadlocked.  Per the rules of "Survivor," Katie, Ciera, Tyson, and Gervase, if  the four of you can unanimously come up with one name-- either Hayden or Monica  to kick out of this game-- they're out. Otherwise Hayden becomes safe, Monica  becomes safe, Gervase is safe because he has immunity, Katie, Ciera, and Tyson  will draw rocks.  Okay, you guys, this is where I’m at right here. I'm number four so let's not  bull (bleep) me. I am number four.  How can you say that?  Then cool. Then we'll draw a rock.  Fine, let's draw rocks.  Draw rocks?  I'll draw rocks unless somebody's voting my way I’m drawing rocks.  I'll draw rocks, too.  Okay, we're drawing rocks.  Jeff: Here's what's going to happen. Katie, Ciera, Tyson will draw rocks.  There are two black rocks in here. There is one white rock. Black means you  are safe, white is the same as being voted out. You'll leave this tribe and  head to Redemption Island. Are we clear? All right. Take one, please don't look  at it. All right. White means you are going home, black means you are safe.  Everybody put out your palm. And reveal. Katie has drawn the white rock.  You're the 13th person out of this game. Grab your torch, head over.  Good luck. It was worth a try.  Stay with us.  Katie, want a hug? Dangerous move? Balancey, didn't think you had the balance  to do that. That's your chair over there, one of those.  Katie, I’m sorry. &gt;&gt;'s okay. Get them.  Don't glare at me.  I'm not glaring at you.  Okay, good.  Jeff: Katie, you made a big move, didn't work out. The tribe has spoken. You  will have a chance to get back in this game. Grab your torch, head to Redemption  Island.  Bye, Katie.  Bye, Katie.  Good luck.  Jeff: There are no words that can top what just happened. It's only the  second time in 27 seasons we've drawn rocks. This game is definitely on and  it's clear it is going to be a battle until the very end. Grab your torches,  head back to camp. Good night.  The line's in the sand.  Hey, Hayden --  i need that don't any.  If you want it. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, and  ford. Drive one. Captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor" --  i would not be opposed to letting you win.  Jeff: Tina faces her biggest challenge yet. Are you capable of giving 100%?  That's a hard one.  Jeff: While Monica gets news that could change everything.  Tyson was talking mad crap about you.  If I am their puppy dog it's now become a me game.  How are you doing?  We had to draw rocks tonight.  Uh-uh!  Yeah.  And you drew the rock?  Yeah.  Oh!  It was just between three of us, though.  Who drew first?  I drew first and I was the white rock. Tonight was my shot to knock Tyson off  his throne but I had the white rock so I was rocked out.