<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor": Drop your buffs. We are merged.  "blood versus water" having a loved one seemed to be a blessing.  I'm so stoked I get to play with Aras.  Jeff: But it was turning out to be a curse.  Which one of us is next?  Only time will tell.  Jeff: Tyson's alliance held all the power and they were taking out Aras'  couples alliance one by one. Teen athe tribe has spoken. And after Tina was  voted out--  bye, mom.  Jeff: Her daughter Katie was left alone on the bottom. Laura and Ciera were  the only loved ones left in the game. Eight are left. Who will be voted out  tonight?  Sorry, Katie.  It's all right. We lost a good one. That's for sure. It was horrible seeing  my mom go. This is a cipe of defeat, this whole thing right now. The seven of  them are so engrossed in their own alliance they're not budging. Fidon't  figure something out tonight and get it rolling tonight and get it rolling  tomorrow, then I’m doomed. Tomorrow, then I’m doomed.  Me and my mom are the last loved ones here.  I know, that's so cool.  But a loved one is going to be a huge target eventually. So moving forward is  going to be difficult.  If Katie wins immunity, Monica.  If she doesn't, Katie need to go. Go.  Absolutely.  Absolutely. Now I come here and look at the power we have. We're two votes.  Who would have thought we hold the power in the game?  No, I think we're in a really good spot. I think the only thing that could  mess us up, because we have the numbers, could just be just playing-- like  let Tyson do everything.  Yeah.  Just avoid any strategy conversation with anyone, anyone. Just stay low.  Since i've been playing with my mom, one of the biggest things i've noticed  is a role reversal, and especially one that I never thought coming into this  game would happen. I thought, you know, i'll listen to my mom, do what my mom  says. And I think i've proven to be the better player. I mean, i've had to go  to way more tribal councils than on my mom so far and i've lasted and her  first one she got voted out. Let Tyson come to you. Be a girls' girl.  It is a little unnatural feeling to follow my daughter's lead, but I totally  trust her judgment and she's my daughter. I'm trusting my daughter's  discernment and judgment, and that's an amazing gift this job has give know  me. Good job, you're doing awesome.  I wonder how long my mom will keep listening to me and take might go advice.  I love her, and I want to go as far as I can with my mom. But on the same  hand, if my mom needs to go-- let's head back-- in order for me to win the  game, she needs to go because I have a better shot of winning than she does.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! We'll now bring in the competitors for today's duel.  Aras, his brother, Vytas, and Tina, voted out at the last tribal council. You  guys ready to get to today's duel?  Yes, sir.  Jeff: For today's duel, you will each use a grappling hook to retrieve three  bags. Each bag has a ball smdz of it. Once you've collected all three bags,  you will use one of those because to solve the table maze. The loser, out of  this game and become the first member of our jury. In addition, the winner of  this duel will decide who gets the clue to the location of the hidden  immunity idol. Now that it is an individual game, that clue, that idol, a  whole new value. Tina, did you consider letting Katie swap spot with you.  No way. Never going to happen.  Jeff: I'll let you pick spots and we'll get started. Here we go, Survivors  ready? Go. Tina hooks her first bag out of the gate.  Good job, mom, good job.  Jeff: Vytas misses again. Aras has his first bag. Tina with her second toss,  just misses. Vytas struggling with that rope. It's all knotted up. Tina with  another good toss. That will snag a second bag for Tina.  Good girl, Tina.  What about me, laura?  Come on, Aras, give it a good swing.  Thank you, laura!  A lot of slack. Thatta boy.  Jeff: Oh, just misses! [ applause ] , nice!  Jeff: Tina with anothers to and another bag. It only took her four tosses to  get three bags. Tina now can release one ball and start working on that table  maze. Vytas gets his first bag. Aras has his second bag. Vytas has his second  bag. It is the brothers neck and neck. Tina's already working on the table  maze, has a big head start. She might need it. You do not want to be last in  this duel. Vytas has his third bag.  There you go, "v."  Jeff: Started out slowly but picked you want pace. Vytas can now start  working on the table maze.  There you go, you got it, you got it.  Jeff: Aras has his bag. He's in it now. Tina has had a bit of time to figure  this out and all three now are working. Two people are going to move on. Tina  getting very close. You can get all the way to the end and still drop in a  hole and have to start over.  You're doing great, mom, doing great, nice and steady.  Aras, take your time, Aras.  Ah!  Jeff: Aras drops in a hole and has to start over.  Aras, focus, man, come oman!  Jeff: A huge time loss.  Nice and steady. Don't rush it. Good job, Tina!  There you go, mom.  Jeff: Vytas and Tina at the same spot on their table maze, both very close to  that center spot that you want to be at to win.  Nice and steady.  Jeff: Tina dangerously close to the end. This is the most difficult part  right here for Tina. She's got to get it through that last little channel. If  she does, she will live to see day 26.  Oh, baby!  Jeff: Tina in the final section. Now she has to land it in the finish spot.  Oh, no, no!  Jeff: Oh, Tina drops in the hole, all of that progress lost.  Oh, no!  Jeff: She must start over, Vytas now very close to that center section. Vytas  is now in the center section. He's been behind this entire duel. He could win  it right here. He does. Vytas wins the duel. Vytas stays alive on Redemption  Island. We're now down to two. Tina and Aras. One will fail. It comes down to  this.  It's all good, Aras, take your time, man.  Nice and steady.  You have plenty of time, Tina.  Jeff: Tina is very close to that center section, but Aras knows that means  nothing. She was close before. Teen--'s now in the center section. She just  need to land that ball. Aras trying to pick up the pace. He's got to get a  move on, or Aras will be out of this game. Tina very close. Can't get it in  that finish spot. Tina finishes! Tina stays alive! Aras out of this game  after 25 Aras out of this game after 25 days. Days. So, Aras, I’m thinking  back to the challenge. In which you squared off against each other, and  there's a moment where you said, "hey, do you want to stand up and start  over?" and Vytas said, "yes." and the minute you stood up, he  took advantage of you in that moment. Is there anything about this experience  out here that might compel you guys to let some of that go?  I don't know. I don't know, jeff. I mean--  it's all right. It's all right.  Jeff: Vytas, do you see the pain it cawds in your brother? Hhe's had it here.  He had it back in that challenge when he cried and said, "I’m done  competing against my brother. I just want to love each other."  that first challenge air force bunch of old [ bleep ] coming up for me and  for him. That cheap shot stuff, i'll never do that again. And I believe we  can be healthy moving forward as brothers and continuing to have a little bit  of rivalry, at least.  Jeff: How does that fool to you, Aras?  I lot of things happened for a long time, and things are getting better and  better every day, and this experience has made it better, and I hope we can  live to a ripe, old age together. And have stories with our grandchildren  about the experience we had out here when we got blinded sided by Gervase.  And can't wait to sayer that story with my grandchildren. Other than, that  i'll really happy for vise. I didn't win a million dollars but we got a lot  closer and that's worth more than any money in the world.  Jeff: All right, Aras, after 25 days, it's time for you to go. And become the  first member of our jury. Drop your buff in the urn.  All right, duty, I love you, man have fun.  Love you, bro.  Catch some fish.  Eat some cheeseburgers for me.  I love you.  No hard feelings, by the way, guys. You outplayed me. Good job. [ applause ]  Jeff: All right, Vytas, for winning this duel, you decide who get the clue to  the idol. Now that we are merged, a whole different value in this game. You  have to give it to somebody. One of those eight. Who are you going to give it  to?  Well, jeff, I plan on winning a few of these here so it will definitely be  pass around, butta this point in the game, I think Katie needs it the most.  So i'll give it to her.  Thank you, Vytas, I’m going to keep it.  Jeff: Not even going to entertain--  nope.  Jeff: The crazy notion other people have done of throwing it in the fire.  It's going right in here.  Jeff: Vytas, teen ayou lived to see another day. Congratulations. Grab your  stuff, head back to Redemption Island.  Thanks "v." good job, mom.  Thanks, baby.  Jeff: All right, guys, grab your stuff head back to camp.  I knew I was going to take the clue and keep it because my biggest concern is  finding that hidden immunity idol to keep me around as long as possible. I'm  not going to go down without fighting as well, just like my mom did.  Killed it.  Good to remember, my mom is still in it.  Aras gone.  She did good.  Year, I’m proud of her. I'm so proud of my mom trade at Redemption Island. It  was kind of intimidating seeing her with Aras and Vytas, but because they're  two strong guys but she did great and I’m thrilled beyond belief that she's  still in it.  You you guys don't have to follow me. I'm going to the bathroom.  Read you're clue.  I'm now so low in this game, so it worries me that I could be going home at  any minute. I'm not in a strong alliance, but I have some friends in Redemption  Island, luckily, and they gave me the clue, which I really needed to ensure  my spot here in the game. "halfway on your trek to refreshment, a gnarly  vine lives near a root. Where the vine enters the ground is where you'll dig  and find some powerful loot." this is a great clue, and I think I know  exactly where it is on the way to the waterfall, there is a tree that has a  crazy vine, and we've noticed it before because it really stands out. I think  this is it. I have to start digging.  Why don't we hide all the sharp tools.  Not a bad idea.  Like the crow bar and anything she can use to dig.  I mean we can't grab it from her but we can find it before--  absolute, when we see where she's digging we can dig next to it.  Now that Katie has an immunity idol clue it doesn't worry me at all because I  officially have the hidden immunity idol, and Katie is pretty much a  nonfactor. The only thing I’m thinking about is how to make my next move, and  I think a lot of people are okay with making moves, as long as they're not  the bad guy, so I’m going to have to take another one for the have to take  another one for the team and be the bad guy again. Team and be the bad guy  again. Okay, i've got it figured out.  Lay it on me.  Are you ready?  Yeah.  Us four guys vote Laura M., so that she doesn't see it coming and so Ciera  doesn't have to vote for her mom.  Split up that pair.  Yes, and Ciera we can pull back in because we say we don't want to you vote  for your momma. The safe bet is take Laura M. Out before she gets further in  the game and collaborates with someone with her daughter because then there  are two votes that you're worrying about instead of just one. Laura m. Goes,  hopefully beat some people on Redemption Island, and then Ciera's in with us,  and then we can do Katie and Monica.  Yeah.  Does that make sense.  Yeah.  Good, right.  Yeah, it's good. Right now I really feel like Tyson has my back. I do. I  think I can trust him. Do I want to get rid of Laura M.? Do we make a big  move now? Do we stick with what we've been doing? It's not easy because you  have to tread carefully out here because one mistake could cost you a million  dollars.  Good challenge tomorrow.  Yeah.  We have to win.  Laura can't win because this is our own chance to get her before she's going  to start suspecting us.  Yeah.  If we make this move--  home free.  Then we're home free.  I don't know why i've been wearing my shirt this whole time like an idiot.  There you go, ladies. You're welcome. I like laura. She loves my jokes. Katie  is just so-so on most of them.  I'm in this alliance with seven, but there are four guys in our alliance  right now. It will be so easy for them to get rid of me and my mom. We're the  only couple in the group. If I go with my mom right now and say let's try to  get to the end, it's not going to happen. She'll be voted out, and i'll be  next. And it's a conversation I have to have soon, and it's so hard for me.  It's like a total-- like my heart is just being tugged because nobody wants  to do that. I love my mom, and I don't want her to think that I don't want  her to succeed in the game, but I mean, i-- I want to succeed in the game.  Let's take it step pie step really quick and just think through our options.  Okay.  We're at eight.  Right.  If Katie gets an idol this week, which she's either going to find it or not.  Let's just assume she does.  Okay.  The plan is Monica. Okay. And then now it's down to seven.  Right.  If you were not in the game right now, I know i'd be in the final circle.  Here's the deal-- would you win? They would take you to the final three  because they know that they can beat you.  I don't know if I would win, but I think I have a better shot at winning than  you would. In order for you to make it to the final three, you would have to  win every single challenge from here until the end. I've definitely had to  have conversations with my mom that have been hard in my life, one that comes  back is when I got pregnant, having to have that conversation with my mom.  And you learn your mom loves you no matter what. And I know that about my  mom. I think what's important for me in this conversation is to be honest.  I'm going to have to tell her, like, you don't stand a shot. You don't. And I  do. I don't know because I haven't had a conversation with the guys, but I can  see them taking Katie further--  i don't think they will take Katie.  You think they're going to be honest to the six.  Yes, I do, I think they're going to be honest to the six.  All I’m saying is if it does come down to six, and you're number six, you  have to go.  Why?  Because you don't stand a chance. Nobody is taking you.  Or I’m going to win immunity.  And then gihome and you'd go home right after me. You'd go home right after  me and none of us are sitting in the final three.  Here's the other thing--  if we get to six and you win immunity I’m gone. I don't want to have to vote  my mom out. I came into this wanting to sit at the end with my mom but it  just won't happen. It's not practical. I get one shot at this, one shot. And  I don't want to mess it up. I just don't think it's realistic for me and you  to be in the final three. I feel like we could try it, but I think it's  risking everything if we try it. Do you see for me that's frustrating. I  could vote you out federal and then I could go all the way to three.  The amazing part of what this-- what's happening to us out here on the island  is our relationship is morphine. We're always going to be mother-daughter,  always. There's nothing we can change that. But it's morphing into a role  where I was always the one giving advice to Ciera. I was always the one  saying, "this is what you need to do. Here is how you need to do  it." and she would gladly come to me-- sometimes-- and take that advice.  It's now morphed into role where I’m trusting her decisions.  I'm worried that I’m going to wait and expwait it will be too last minute for  me to do anything and it's just going to be the way it is. You know what I mean?  Not saying get you out now. I'm saying what if it gets to sir, you beat me in  a challenge and I go home nap would suck.  She has the courage now to say to her mom, "mom, this is what I’m going  to do, and this is how I’m going to do it. And by the way, I may have to vote  you out of that million dollars." and the fact that my daughter has the  courage to say that to me shows that she has grown as a woman, that she's no  longer this little girl which ultimately for me-- makes me proud because  ultimately for me, I wanted this game to teach my daughter how strong she is.  And to sit there and to see how strong she was and to hear her say,  "this is what I’m going to do, mom. You're kind of hindering me on this  and I might have to go over you as an individual player in the game was like,  oh, no, that's going to cut my chances. But as a mother, I was like good  girl. I love you.  Love you.  You're doing good.  Can you believe we're the last couple?  I know. It is a huge blessing for me to be out here to witness that. Worth  way more than a million dollars, worth way more than a million dollars. The  last couple out of all the people. Us two morett girls.  My biggest concern is just either winning the challenge or finding that  hidden immunity idol, and as soon as day breaks, I’m going to look for that  thing. They're going to have to start eating each other eventually. I mean,  there's seven of them, and they're going to start fighting, and hopefully I have  either a necklace around my neck or that idol that will keep me around and I can  get in a soiled alliance and go from there.  Katie having the third clue to the idol is a huge threat. If Katie finds the  idol, it could be me. Because my name has already been written down. I've  already been sent too Redemption Island. Apparently, Ciera tells me I’m the  biggest threat that's on the team. Now I have t to tail Katie all morning  long, and try to found morning long, and try to found that idol. That idol.  Unfortunately, I was followed by Laura M., and so I had to start digging with  her.  You're gonna wear yourself out for the challenge today.  I think it will be okay. It's frustrating but I’m digging in all the wrong  places, so she doesn't know exactly where it is.  Katie had a head start.  How far out was she?  Katie was about--  four minutes.  Was she running?  Laura--  she probably got about a three-minute head start.  Laura m., immunity idol hunter. [ laughter ]  right now, it's a shifting game, partly because people assume there's a  hidden immunity idol out there. Also, because I’m the biggest threat in the  game. I'm like the big, bad wolf almost. People aren't liking me. They like  me just fine here, but the second I vote them out, they hate me, and so I need  to get Ciera on board about voting her mom out. We have a good relationship,  and I’m going to tell you something that's going to blow your mind a little  bit, and you're going to maybe not be super happy.  You're going to vote my mom.  I'm not voting your mom. Hadeep and Caleb are going to vote your mom.  I knew you were going to vote my mom, and here's the thing, I’m okay with voting  my mom out. I told Tyson I would be okay voting my mom out.  Skier ai have your back, I do.  But honestly, I have no idea what I’m going to do at there point.  Jeff: All right, you guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yes.  Yes.  Jeff: First things first, Katie, I must take it back.  All right, it's been fun while it lasted.  Jeff: Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge,  you're going to be standing on a very small platform over the water leaning  back holding on to a rope. Every five minutes, you'll move your hands further  down the rope, making it more difficult to hang on. When you can't hang on  any longer, you'll fall in the water and you're out of the challenge. Last  person left standing wins immunity, safe at tribal council. Losers, somebody  will be voting out of this tribe tonight, sent to Redemption Island, where  they will have to fight to get back in this game. In addition, you're playing  for reward. Want to know what you're playing for.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Jeff: The winner of today's challenge will have the chance to fill their  belly on hamburgers, cheeseburgers, hot dogs, french fries. And soda. I know  it's worth playing for. We'll draw for spots and we'll get started. All  right, here we go. Get a good grip. Three, two, one. This challenge is on.  You guys have been out here for 26 days living with very little. Your hands  are probably beat up from all sorts of things. Now you'll start to feel it  quickly on your grip. In your back. Hayden is either struggling or just readjusting,  hard to tell. You're tired. You're hungry. You desperately want a  cheeseburger. The only way to get it is to hang on longer than anybody else.  Hayden fighting to stay in this. Hadeep drops in, could not hang on any  longer. Hayden is the first one out, no shot at immunity tonight. We are down  to seven. Caleb drops out. We are down to six. All right, get ready to move  down a little further to the next knot. Here we go. Make your. Move. Three,  two, one. We're down to the next section of rope. Going it's going to get  very tough now. Gervase struggling to hang on. Gervase falls out. Ciera falls  out. We lose two people. We have four people left. Katie, Tyson, laura, and Monica.  And with that, Katie is out, and we are down to three. You want immunity tonight!  Laura falls out. We are down to two. Tyson and Monica. Tyson struggling to  hang on. Torn rotator cuff. Monica starting to struggle now. Both fighting to  hold on for immunity. Tyson struggling. Tyson is out, Monica wins her second  individual immunity in this game! [ applause ] Monica, come on over. Your  second individual immunity win. Turn around. [ applause ]  it feels really good.  Jeff: Monica is safe at the vote tonight, cannot be voted out of this game.  As for the rest of you, somebody willing going home tonight. Before we get to  tribal council, you have a reward. Let me show it to you. We have hot dogs,  cheeseburgers, french fries, soda, yours to enjoy and you can invite one  person from that group to come over and join you. What are you thinking?  I'm thinking there's no possibility that I would eat any of it before I would  give it to them. How about I have none and they have it all. Because immunity  means more to me than cheese burgers and hot dogs and coke. I'll have that  when I get home.  Jeff: So you want to give up all of this food.  All of this, correct.  Jeff: Send it over there to them. Which means you get nothing.  Yeah. I just-- this is my family out here.  Jeff: Caleb, does this sound like a gesture of good faith or a political  move?  It may be a little bit of both, but first, Monica's a mom, so I think it  comes from the heart.  Jeff: Here's what we're going to do. Monica, you're going to go over there.  You guys, you're going to come over here. We're going on to switch spots.  Is it good?  Oh, my God!  Feels like heaven.  It's so good.  Moncarc I love you.  Thank you, Monica.  You guys are more than welcome.  Awesome.  Thank you, Monica.  Thank you.  You guys are more than welcome.  Thank you.  You're welcome.  Snake!  A snake?  Where?  Right there.  Oh!  It crawled in the shelter?  Yeah.  My mom is easily the biggest target right now. I don't want to see my mom go  and the hard part is I don't and the hard part is I don't have the luxury of  time. Have the luxury of time.  You promise?  Pinky.  Monica is voting my mom. Gervase is voting my mom and Tyson's voting my mom,  and he wants me to vote my mom.  Tyson wants you to vote your mom?  Yeah, and he thinks I because I told him I would.  I'm still playing the idol just to be safe.  Did you find it?  Yeah.  No, you didn't.  Yeah, I did.  No, you didn't.  Yeah, why do you say you didn't?  Because I you you didn't.  How, because I have it.  You found it.  Yup.  Oh, my God.  I have never been put in this situation before where I really have to lie to  somebody like that. But it worked. She just folded her cards right away. I  would have stuck it out a lot longer. She was like, what? How do you have the  idol? Man you stole it out right from under me. Where was it?" I thought  that was easier than I thought it was going to be.  Katie doesn't have the idol.  How do you know that?  Katie told me. She just told me that. And I believe her.  So do you think--  I’m just wondering we might be able to buy ourselves another week by me  telling Tyson Katie doesn't have the idol and getting Katie out. Do you want  me to go to Tyson and recommend Katie?  Yes.  I thought why not Katie. We have a good shot, then. I know Katie doesn't have  the idol and that's something we can use. Now I’m throwing Katie's name out  there and seeing if anybody will bite at this point.  Ciera. Tadhana five.  It might be going goodto get rid of Katie.  The idol.  She didn't have it?  100%?  Yes. She told me she does not have it. Well, I kind of lied.  What did you say?  She told me that she has the idol and I go, "no, you don't." she  goes, "yeah, I do." and I said, no, you don't, you can't have it  because I have it." and she said, "you found it?" and she got  all quiet. She doesn't have it.  Right.  And if it makes anybody feel any better, then how about you or whoever vote  my mom, and that's all we need is one vote. And if she does play tthen it's a  tie, and then you can all vote my mom.  It's up to everybody. What do you think?  It doesn't matter to me. As long as it's not me. I don't think Katie has the  idol. In fact I’m pretty sure she doesn't. So making the easier move seems  like the safer move.  Caleb?  I mean, I’m down with it. I mean, it is more honorable.  My options are pretty much really simple-- send my own mother to Redemption  Island or stick my neck totally out and ruin all of my relationships that  i've built just to have my mom go home anyway and for me to follow her at the  next tribal. &gt;&gt;un what, we could play a game?  I'm trying to determine in my mind right now where do I go?  You're playing, right?  Sure.  Pick a rock.  Okay, so if you have the black rock--  look how happy Ciera is.  She's like, I got it! I got it!  It was so perfect, we had it until we told Ciera we were voting her mom. That  was the mistake. Skier asmarter than we thought originally, is making moves  as well.  Let's do this!  And so it's a little tricky but it's got to be laura. Because letting a  couple get farther in the game is too dangerous because they can swing  everything with just one vote. Hey, Ciera was trying to sway the votes on to  Katie, but we need to stick with the plan and do laura.  Of course.  I need to get the votes back on laura and get them to stick with the plan and  vote laura out.  Who are we voting for?  Laura.  The whole time i've just kind of been like, whatever, whatever, the the whole  thing. But I think Katie needs to go next. She doesn't have the idol, and I think  if she kind of floated all the way to the end, she's dangerous to be sitting  next to. So I think Katie needs to go so I think Katie needs to go sooner  than later. Sooner than later.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the first member of our jury. Aras. All right, so,  Katie, last tribal council, it was you or your mom. You survive. You go back  to camp. Does it still feel like it's got to be me next?  Yes, absolutely, andun, I was hoping after redemption, either my mom or Vytas  made it through to get a clue to the hidden idol. I mean it's not a guarantee  but at least it's something.  Jeff: So, Caleb, this is tricky now because you have this alliance of seven,  and you have Katie. But if she has the idol, somebody from your group goes  home and it could be you.  There are tons of maybes. Maybe it's still out there. Maybe Katie has it.  Maybe one of us has it. There are a bunch of maybes. You just have to plan  ahead.  Jeff: Tyson, now that teena is gone, there's only one pair of loved ones  left, and they are blood, mother-daughter.  Yeah, that's definitely something to look at because they will probably have  similar mind and swing the same way. I mean, since day one, we've been  looking at that, and I don't think it's changed on day 26.  Jeff: Caleb, did you sense any concern from laura or Ciera?  Yeah, there's definitely a little bit of concern. But you look at Ciera and  laura different from Tina and Katie because laura wants this just as bad as Ciera  does. She's not about to lay down for Ciera's game. So they're both-- they're  competitors. They're both really smart, and they've both got an equal shot in  this game.  Jeff: Hayden, is Caleb saying he's less concerned about having these two as a  pair because laura would cut Ciera's throat as quickly as Ciera would cut her  mom's throat.  There's some truth to that. They have a competitive nature. Like,  "laura, I’m your mother. I brought you into this world and I can send  you out of it "mentality. Abut at the end of the day their bond is  stronger than what woe have and you have to take that into consideration.  Jeff: Laura, what do you have to do to say stick with the plan. Get rid of  Katie.  Before it was a liability to have a loved one. It's a huge asset right now.  One is two. You get one of us, you get two votes. So there's going to be  seven people left. You pick up another buddy and we're on to final four.  But you want to get to the final two with your loved one, and that's also  sort of a threat in a way. I mean, I was nervous having my mom here because  everyone thought we wanted to go to the final two together, and so having  your loved one here maybe isn't the best route anyway. And--  but, jeff, here's other thing to think about. If you send at this point a  loved one home, you have somebody lobbying for those jury votes for your  loved one. But if I’m here you're not going to have that influence on the  jury.  Jeff: Because you'll be competing against each other.  Absolutely. And I think where problems come in ands when you get your  alliance, and all of a sudden people start bail early. And the next thingun  the top three are people that weren't even in the alliance, and everybody  else is sitting over there going, "what the heck did we do wrong?"  Jeff: So, Caleb, is tonight's vote going to be do we stick with the plan and  get rid of Katie, or do we take the opportunity to get rid of the last loved  one pair?  That is the big decision. You think, well, do we take out the loved one's  pair. Do we stick with the plan and keep our word and go to the seven? And  then duke it out and see what happens? I mean, you've got four girls, four  guys. You've got four original galang, four original tadhana.  Jeff: Wow.  It could swing either way.  Jeff: Well, a lot is going to be learned. It is time to vote. It is time to  vote. Katie, you're up. Katie, you're up.  Jeff: I'll go tally the  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. Votes. If anybody has the hidden immunity idol  and you want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay, once the votes  are read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to layoff the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, laura.  Katie. Laura. Laura. That's three votes laura, one vote Katie. Laura. That's  four votes laura. 11th person voted out of "Survivor: Blood versus  water." laura, that's five, that's enough. You need to bring me your  torch.  I'm sorry.  That's okay.  Sorry.  It's okay.  I love you.  I'll cam back for you.  Have fun.  It's okay.  It's okay, Ciera.  Jeff: Laura, for the second time, the tribe has spoken. Once again, you will  have a chance to get back in this game. Grab your torch. Head to Redemption  Island.  I love you.  I love you.  I love you.  I love you.  Jeff: Well, in voting out laura, we now have no more pairs of loved ones. We  are left with seven individuals fighting in a game in which there is only one  winner. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night. Captioning brought  to you by Survivor productions, cbs, captioned by media access group at wgbh  media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor":  Tyson has been in control. The whole game.  Jeff: Tyson's been running the show.  What are you guy thinking? The four of vus votes, guy.  Jeff: One plan can turn everything upside down. Everything upside down.  We it upset these veterans.  We it upset these veterans.  I'm having a hard time defining highway I’m feeling about Ciera writing my  name down because it sucks that I’m here. It sucks that Ciera had to do that.  It sucks that she did that. But I’m not about to quit now. I'm going to do  everything I can to stay in the game and even more to further my daughter in  more to further my daughter in the game.