<br/>Jeff: Welcome to the "Survivor: Blood vs. Water" reunion show live  in loss lang-- los angeles, a lot to talk about. We have the entire group  from the season, all cleaned up, looking so pretty. Plus in the audience we  have last year's winner, John cochran. His life has taken a very big and  exciting turn since we last saw him and we're going get that update. And  we're going to show you like we did last season a tease of what we're doing  next season to see if you can figure it out. First we have a new winner and  his name is Tyson! [cheers and applause]  i think tonight I fell back in love.  None of you have a chance in hell.  Jeff: Tyson is hurt, are you all right?  My shoulder popped and I can't lift it.  I'm threat number one. Everyone knows that. But when Rachel left, I told myself  if I was going to stay I had to get to the end.  Tyson score, I don't want to come off as the kingpin or decision maker, I am  like the big bad wolf.  Tyson win, final immunity. [cheers and applause]  Jeff: So first of all Tyson, congratulations. We have loyal, loyal fans.  People understand this game. They know how hard it is. You played three  times. So what was different this time?  You know, with the blood versus water theme, I went out there just to have  fun and let Rachel have an experience that I had had. And she could connect  with me better. And when she sacrificed for me, wouldn't let me go in a  trade, I told myself I had already had the experience of getting voted out  twice. And for me to make her sacrifice worth it, I had to defy-- I had to fight  and scrape to get to the end. All the time, 24/7.  Jeff: And was that dramatically different, did it manifest itself inside you  at times where you thoughts maybe I will be risky or maybe I will try and do  something silly.  Yeah, definitely. It mostly kept me focused. And it kept me focused when  other times I play I kind of have, you know, brain farts or just thought, you  know, I’m so tired, I will just relax for the day. And every time I wanted to  relax I said no, I have to keep fighting. I have to make sure everything is  going my way. I really think it helped me keep focused. I'm not a focused  individual.  Jeff: Rachel, are you surprised he's here, that you had that big of an  impact, that you wered inspiration?  Yeah, I am. I had made that decision. I was really confident about doing that  at the time. But and I always knew he had it in him to get to the end. But I still  left that game and still wondered and hope odd, you know, that I did make the  right decision.  Jeff: Try to tell me, I always ask this at the live shows, to give the people  who haven't had a chance to play but to think about it and dream about it,  the physical demands. Not just what we see with bug bites and toe nails but  the emotional, the mental fat agency.  You know I don't think very many people other than Caleb slept more than two  hours a night.  Jeff: Glen g to a big shot, of the whole group. Did you really stay up a lot,  worried, wondering what people are saying.  Yeah.  It's hard to sleep.  It's difficult to sleep on the bamboo and then on top of that, you've got  strategy running through your head 24/7. Every single scenario is playing  through my mind, what if so-and-so gets voted out what if so-and-so wins the  challenge what is my next move. And I tried have an a, b and c plan in place  all the time. And so I would get like a half hour of sleep here or there  through the night for a total of two or three hours. But when I was lying  awake staring at the sky, all I was thinking about was how can I get one step  further with the people I need to.  Jeff: An I got to say, I like this-- not that I don't like the other Tyson.  Yeah, I hate that guy.  Jeff: Well, you can be-- because you just circle, circle with sarcasm, I like  now that it is overseeing this guy who can clearly form a sentence and stay  on track and have the beautiful girl friend.  Right, score.  Jeff: Well, Monica made it to the end tap. And although she only received one  vote in the final tribal, she impressed a lot of people this season with her  dominating physical play. [cheers and applause]  all right this one is for the kids.  Jeff: Monica, the only woman in the challenge.  Now that I don't have Brad any more, I have to think about me.  Jeff: Monica has if!  I'm sheer to show the kids more than one bad ass lives in our house.  Jeff: Tyson is out, Monica wins her secretary immunity in this game.  That Monica is going to sit in med yok rit, she died in samoa.  Jeff: Monica wins her third individual immunity.  Peace out jses for its kids! [applause]  monday ca, I think it's fair to say that you and Brad both, you're  compelling, polarizing, controversial. People either love you or love to hate  you or like him but don't like you or love you but don't like him. I mean it  goes all over the place. But one consistent thing with people this season as  each episode came on, you earned more and more and more respect. And you kept  saying I’m doing this for me. And I’m doing it to show the kids. Why is it so  important. What is it about your life that you needed the kids to know  there's more than one bad ass as you said in the show.  Well, thank you for the nice compliment, to start. It took until I actually  watched the show and watched the edit that I thought, you know, what was Survivor  about for me. It was about as a young woman you-- a young child you have a  dream of what it's going to be like when you get married and spended rest of  your life with someone. And Brad has surpassed every single one of those  dreams. And the life that we built together with those three kids, is  priceless. And I fought so hard and worked so hard in all the challenges to  just sort of say thank you. And that even though you made this great time for  us, I’m still that gritty little coed that caught your eye at university of  florida 23 years ago. And I haven't met any of this go to my head. And I love  you. So thank you. [applause]  Jeff: So we have been starting to get some twitter questions in from our  audience. Billy girl wants to know so what did your kids say. They're at  home, watching week by week.  You know, the kids said this mom, we're so proud but we're not surprised. As  a mother, I think every mother is a rock star to her kids whether she plays Survivor  or she doesn't.  Jeff: So what was the emotional wear and tear, because we just saw it. By the  time we get to day 39 you're exhausted. How hard was that for you? Because it  seemed to get very personal.  You know, jeff, from the very first inwalk Redemption Island, it hurt me more  than it hurt Brad how he was attacked. And I felt like from day three to day  39. I was just pummeled. And I’m not somebody who normally gets down and the  crying, it was very difficult.  Jeff: I want to pop-- who is the person that was talking to-- you, yeah, we  were talking before the show. What is your name. &gt;v fikki.  Jeff: You were talking to me about Monica and her out there. What was your  take on how she played and why did you have such a connection.  I just felt that Monica stayed true to herself the entire game just by what  her tribe mates might have said about her or said to her, in addition to her  husband. And she dominated challenges and she deserved to be there.  Jeff: You felt Brad was hard on her too.  At times, yes. But at the same time, you know, they have that relationship  with each other. And I think that they knew they were in a game situation.  So-- .  Jeff: Thank you, so Brad, what is that like for you to see Monica, you know,  having all these people say all these comments about her.  It was very difficult, jeff. And watching the edit was tough. Monica is one  tough cookie. I know she can handle it and I know she shoe it was a game and  everybody was trying to beat her. I will tell you this, rex, judge, honor,  myself, we have known that more than one bad ass lives in our house for a  long time before Survivor.  Thank you, babe.  I love you more now than I ever did when we got married.  Jeff: We know you guys complete each other. We do, we love it Gervase, I have  to move on to Gervase.  One more thing, Vytas, this is what it is like at tribal.  This is what happened. I keep talking, asking questions and Brad and Monica  are having their own conversation. You rock. Gervase, the big question I got  with you from people on the street was why didn't you take a leadership-- a  more visible leadership role. Strategically you had to have thought through  that.  Well, it's hard. I mean when we were in galang Aras was kind the leader of  the tribe. You can't have two leaders, only one. Are you following Aras's  lead. When Aras went and it was Tyson, it was my strategy, look, Tyson is in  the front, so if anybody wanted to take out our alliance, they are going to  go for Tyson first which gives me three days to come up with a new plan. To  me that was smart game plan.  Jeff: So along the game are you thinking I can still win even though the  perception is he's the leader. Or are you thinking at some point something is  going to have to break for me to slide in.  Yeah, I thought I could win, but I always had the plan of getting rid of Tyson  in the back of my head. I'm sorry, bro, I love you, but I was. It had to be  the right moment. Like Tyson, when I was trying to get rid of Aras hi no way  to do testimony. I couldn't talk to Tina.  Jeff: So you knew what you were doing.  Tyson came to me and said dow want to got rid of Aras, I was thinking the  same thing, let's do it it was hard because I didn't know if I could trust Caleb,  Hayden, Ciera, because would they go for me next it was kind of I was backing  myself into the corner, man.  Jeff: Which speak of how difficult this game is, you got to the end but everything  has to line up. Ciera, two of the biggest moves this season were made by you.  [applause] and I got to say, it really surprised me because when it started I  thought you were toast. I thought you were done early. So let's talk about  the drawing of the rocks. Did it really happen at tribal like it felt it did  to me.  It totally happened at tribal. And it was crazy, crazy. I mean I’m sitting  here thinking, like, okay, Ciera are you proor. Like am I really poor, when  it hit me in my mind that I didn't come here for fourth place, I came here to  to win. I thought am I going to play to four, go home and then wish like  dude, you should have made a move when you had the chance. So I just thought  I’m going go for t try to make a big move, maybe win some jury votes, maybe  go home.  Jeff: If you ever get on this show, that is how you play, right there. You  don't play for four or five or to make the jury. You play to win. Hayden,  you, that was one of the best jobs at tribal council. Because season after--  I would say every third or fourth season somebody debates we might go to  rocks. But nobody can ever sell them on it you really sold-- were you-- were  you planning that? Or did you pick up when Gervase said you're four.  No, I mean-- I knew going into tribal my back was against the wall. I was  going home. You know what, you go into that scenar job, we're playing for a  million dollars. You swing for the fences. And I’m thinking okay, if I can  force a rock draw, I got a chance. I went in, Gervase said somehow, some way he  mentioned Ciera being four, man ca mentioned it, I mentioned it, you might as  well come with me, you can be three.  Jeff: The other big move you fulfilled the promise of blood versus water when  you voted out your mom. And there's a scene for me was one of the most  powerful of the whole season, a lot of moms talked to me about it and that  was when laura you explained what it was like to watch your daughter grow up  in front of your eyes, even though it meant getting rid of you. It's worth  another look. Go ahead.  To hear my daughter say, this is what I am going to do mom, as an individual  player in the game. Oh not but as a mother, it makes me proud because  ultimately for me, I wanted this game to teach my daughter how strong she is.  [applause]  schieffer: .  Jeff: So what did that do, you're both moms. Ciera, you were really open and  vulnerable about explaining that you were a young mom, and how much you have  grown. And you're still a young woman watch. Did it do to this relationship.  Because it looked at some point like there was a role reversal. She started  to mentor you.  There you will absolutely was. I was on Redemption Island for 7 days so I have  no idea what is going on. I had to trust my daughter's discernment to tell me  what is going on in this game. Because I haven't had any contact with  anybody. So it was a complete role reversal.  Jeff: Are you closer?  I don't know if we ever could be any closer. We're close.  I think that the role reversal just added a new element to our relationship.  I don't think that it really made us closer, just more respect, her for me.  Absolutely more respect for her. And I think america saw why there was so  much drama was they saw the tug of us, that we want to be first. I taught  her, we don't play for fourth, we play for first. And they saw the tug of  that.  Jeff: And she taught you that playing is what matters. Not where you finish  is giving the effort it was a beautifulling I loved having you guys out  there.  All right, up next, this guy is one of the most popular to ever play Survivor.  And he sacrificed himself so his wife could play. And this guy is maybe one  of the most des pieced to ever play Survivor and instead of sacrificing to  help his partner, he just quit leaving his partner all along. Rupert and Colton  are next. Rupert and Colton are next. [applause] [applause] what you are  crying about?  I can't do this.  Jeff: We brought a quitter back and we got a quitter again.  I don't care what you you all say.  You can win this game. I can't win. [applause]  Jeff: Welcome back to the Survivor blood versus water live reunion show. All  right, Colton. So let's review. The first time I played I was.  On a tribe of all men.  Jeff: Okay, so that's the reason it didn't go.  Well sure.  Jeff: Okay. The second time I played I was --  on the opposite tribe of Caleb or on tribe aarp.  Jeff: You know it's interesting, I didn't know how this was going to go. And  for some reason I still root for you as a person but as an ambassador of the  show, I mean you've quit, you know, you've not performed. Okay, you've quit  once and you had a medical evacuation, okay. But I think it's funny that  you're the one making jokes about aarp when the aarp kicked your ass and  stayed out there the entire time. [applause] and I’m telling you, Colton,  total honesty, we talked a week ago, I said you can redeem or bury yourself  whatever you want to do. So what is the deal. You have this guy in Caleb that  everybody adores. And I’m sure it must hurt when people say what does he see  in you, and that stuff. What is it,? Because it wasn't that difficult this  was one of the most easiest seasons of Survivor, if there can be such a  thing. So it wasn't-- Marissa, you don't know, just telling you. I'm saying  there wasn't this rain it wasn't this horrible deal why did you quit, why did  you quit for the first time.  Okay, so here's what I figured out after two seasons. Basically my entire  life I have-- I felt like I needed other people to take care of me. And i've  always looked for other people, like whether it be my mom or Caleb or you  know n my first season, women. And so when those weren't there, I just  freaked out. And so what I finally figured out is I have to be enough for me.  I have to, when things get tough and when things get hard, I have to dig down  deep and I have to pull up my cajunes and say I am a man, I can do this and I  can persevere on.  Jeff: Caleb, what do you see in Colton that we don't? What are we missing?  No, I don't mean that as a jab, I mean what don't we see?  Well, you know, you put somebody else in the wilderness and I mean he likes  to stay inside. He likes to run the air conditioner, down in the summertime  and the heat high in the wintertime. He likes to be comfortable. And he likes  to have three meals a day and all this stuff you know, you throw somebody out  there in the middle of the jungle or on a beach, then you put us together,  and he's got me there I am a security plan kechlt he can sleep on me instead  of sleeping in the dirt. And then you rip me away from him. He's going to go  into panic mode. He's going to freak out just a little bit. So I don't know,  I think you take all these things away from anybody and they're going to  change. Something's going to get-- they're going get grumpy. I just got t I’m  not trying to cut you off. I just have to keep going on the live show. I want  to contrast this now because you've been given two opportunities to play. And  you have not been able to fulfill it. At the other end of the the spectrum,  going back to the first time you played which was in panama in season 7, he's  been one of the most popular Survivor players ever. [cheers and applause]  moments it into blood versus water, he showed us why when he sacrificed  himself so his wife could play. Take a look.  Let's put blood versus water to its first test. Rupert, love your wife. You  can take her spot at Redemption Island.  I would rather have myself in this position than I would my wife. But it's  killing me. [applause]  Jeff: Rupert, does the game player in you, is there any part of you that  regrets that.  Oh, gosh, no, I don't regret it a second. I watched that, and I see oh my  gosh, it makes me just sad again that they put my wife in that position. I  wanted to protect and save my wife.  Jeff: Let's all do it. Aw!  I love the game but my wife comes first.  Jeff: Strategically, strategically, good move?  You know, I was doing an interview the other day and a guy asked me, he said  that is the silliest move in the world. How do you think you're going to win  the game. And I said you must not be married. For my life and my wife and  myself, that was the only move that I had.  Jeff: Given that Rupert has played, as you said so many times, and kind you  put you through this he leaves and you have to run the house and take care of  everything, does this give you perspective now on what it is like because  were you out there quite awhile.  Definitely, I’m proud of myself. Because making it 20 days. We did have Survivor  light, we didn't have the torrential rains we had in panama. But you know, I’m  thrilled with the opportunity to play. And I had a great time.  And she did good.  I'm so grateful that he gave up his game. I mean that was a huge move. He  could have won.  Jeff: How long you have been married.  16 years.  Jeff: All right, that's why, right.  Yup.  Jeff: Happy wife, happy life. Moments after cochran won Survivor philippines,  it was literally the last live show. His wife took an unexpected but-- turn,  I think you will be interested in what happened. Plus Vytas and Aras, an epic  tale, the golden child versus the reform bad boy, it played out in front us.  But first, what are we going do next season. We did this last year, we asked  you to tweet and tell us what you thought. Here is a hint for next here is a  hint for next season. Season.  That's it! #Survivor finale. #Survivor finale. We'll be right back. We'll be  right back.  Jeff: Welcome back, it's the Survivor blood verse water live reunion show. A  lot of you were guying about what we're doing next season. Some of the  guesses coming in twitter are very funny and some are right. So I like that.  We have a lot of show to get to. But I want to do an update on something I think  you'll find pretty interesting. Last year's winner, stand up here. How are  you doing?  Fantastic, jeff.  Jeff: So during your live show which was just last may I asked you what do  you want to do with your life. Here's what he said, take a look. You recently  graduated harvard law, lawyer?  I don't think I’m going to be a lawyer. Survivor did make me feel like, it's  so conditionee, I feel stupid even saying-- .  Jeff: What's the dream.  I would like to write in some capacity. I feel like I have the gift of gab.  Jeff: You do. All right, so you put it out there you want to write. And what  happened?  I put it out there and literally an hour after the finale ends cbs gets a  call from comedic genius, he wanted to meet with me to possibly write for his  new cbs sit korjs the millers. Two weeks later abandoned my law school and  moved to l.a. And now I’m some schmuck writing for bill arnott and bow  bridges-- it's insane but a dream come truchlt the past seven months of my  life have been a series of dreams coming to and working for the millers is  the latest one.  Jeff: You were nice enough, you actually shot some behind the scenes to give  us insight into how it is going.  This is a video going.  Jeff: All right, take a look.  Cochran, good to see you.  You wanted to talk.  How are you like writing on the show.  I'm loving it. I can't say enough about the people --  shh, shh.  People like you too much. They're always asking you about the writer who won Survivor.  What am I -- when am I supposed to talk about myself.  I'm not trying to be a threat.  Well, you are a threat. Even my agent agrees. Look what he sent over to start  wearing. Sorry, cochran, you leave me no choice.  Oh, come on. There is more than enough room for two sweater vests on the  millers.  The first person voted off the millers is --  I’m to the going anywhere, this week, arnett. Look what I found?  I hid in the ladies room.  The men's room's occupied. And I really had to go.  Well played, cochy, well played. [applause]  Jeff: Nice!  It's unreal, right.  Jeff: Also I just want to-- greg is right here, the creator of the show, how  is cochran doing.  He's doing great. When he's not writing jokes he's looking for idols so I think  he'll be around for a long time.  Jeff: An its millers airs on cbs at will:-- k8 30 on thursday night, cochran,  have a seat, nice job. All right, one of the most complicated relationships  on this season was the sibling rivalry between Aras and Vytas. And it all  came to a head with a very competive bat-- competitive bad nell the water.  Take a look. Aras goes out quickly, Vytas flips, Aras has his older brother  down.  Aras giving his brother another shot. Big sportsman like move, Vytas trying to  take advantage. Aras defeats his older brother. [applause]  Jeff: So Aras, let's start with you. Because one of the things that was very  clear to me, I have two brothers. So I correlate to the brother relationship.  It did seem like you wanted to heal, you really wanted to say let's use this  time and let's get closer. Did that happen?  Yeah, I mean, I think that in our life Vytas and I haven't had too many  things on the positive side of the ledgering to. And this is something that  will absolutely be something we talk about for years and years and years  until we grow old. And I can't say it's all roses all the time now that we've  done it but we got one on the positive side. And that's great. You know, he  took a cheap shot at me but I got him back because I got a bunch of twitter  followers so I have more followers than him, I’m learning from him a little  bit.  Jeff: Sfloitas typically when we were out there I would ask you this  question. And you would say it's not quite as rosy as my brother wants it to  be.  Yeah, I mean, you have brothers you know how it is. And we're really close in  age. I think our rivalry has just become a little more healthy. It's funny,  you know, after we left the philippines, I really thought we were tighter  than we had ever been and we hadn't fought in so long and so close. The day  we got back we got there a fight and probably didn't talk for two weeks  again. We love each other so. I love my brother but we're brothers and  there's always going to be that little bit of competitive nature. And I think  that after going at it like we did on Survivor we can laugh at if a little  bit and have more perspective.  Jeff: Twitter question for you, Vytas, would you play again.  I love this game. I would totally play again. I mean I’m a fan.  Jeff: The same guy actually asked Vytas and Hayden, would you play again. You  played Big Brother, now you've played Survivor. Would you play Survivor  again?  Absolutely, you have to. And it's an awesome game. A chance to come out and  win a million dollars.  Jeff: Biggest difference between Survivor and Big Brother?  Physical, the physical difference. Survivor is physically way harder. Big  Brother maybe socially a little harder because it's longer. But Survivor is  physically a tougher game. And you know, everybody out there should follow us  on twitter.  Jeff: Kat, you said one of the funniest lines of the season. You didn't make  the merge and you said in your tucking in at night, you go who is going to  want a date a girl who doesn't make the merge. What is the update. Are you  guys still a couple?  Well, we are still a couple. And we live in two different states so we're  trying to see if we can get in one state. I've made some arrangements on my  own to just, you know, get on his level a little bit. Whatever, so maybe a little  top heavy now, I get it.  Jeff: Wait, what are you talking about.  I'm a little top heavy now.  Jeff: You changed your body.  I changed a little bit of a look for me.  Jeff: To keep Hayden happy. Is that what you're saying?  No.  Jeff: I'm so confused.  No, no.  It worked out though.  It worked out that way.  Jeff: Colton is hugging Marissa, I have no idea what is going on but touche.  Touche.  Jeff: Okay, Candice and John. [cheers and applause] you know are you this all  american couple, military, are you both doctors, you're attractive, you're  fit. Explain to me, candace, what is the added element that relationship  brings to this. Why is it some of more difficult?  This is the most difficult game that i've ever played because in the regular  season of Survivor that's not blood versus water you can put on your armour  and you can think logically. But when someone comes after the person that,  you know, is your heart, your emotions get in it and you start, you know,  doing crazy things like-- .  Jeff: Yelling at Brad culpepper.  Yelling at Brad culpepper.  There is no logical thinking when your wife or husband is involved.  Everything just comes at you some of faster than you think. Than I’m sure in  a normal game of Survivor. When some random person comes after you, you like Candice  said you can put your armour up. When someone is attack the people you love,  I’m watching Candice name get written down that first day or, I mean t is  just-- it's just like get punched in the face every single time I saw that.  I'm sure it is very different than if it wasn't my wife.  Jeff: All right, up next we are going to take a bit of a turn and we're going  to visit with another couple that we had out here, another mother an  daughter. And we're going to talk about how those shared experience on the  show, I’m talking about Tina and Katie, how their experience on the show  helped them with a family tragedy that happened after the show. It's a very  personal story with a message I think you're all going to want to hear. Hear.  We'll be right back. We'll be right back.  Jeff: Welcome back to the Survivor live reunion show, we had another mother  daughter pairing on this season of blood versus-- versus water, Tina and Katie.  So first how did this strengthen the relationship between you two.  I think laura said it best. Whenever that baby is placed in your arms, it's  immediate love. And attraction and protectiveness. And you can't strengthen  it, jeff. In my opinion, I don't love her any more or any less than the day  she was placed in my arms. And that is I think what mothers do. So it was a  great experience and a great adventure. But as far as making us closer, I don't  think you request make us any closer.  Jeff: So you have this amazinged have venture together. You come home, and  just a few weeks ago you suffer a terrible family tragedy, explain what  happened.  Two weeks ago my son was in a fatal car accident. And the driver of the car  was wearing his seat belt and he walked away. And my son did not. And so as a  mother out there, I just plead to all of you, and especially those of you  with children t to please buckle up. You know, a car wreck is called an  accident for a reason. You never plan for that to happen. So please buckle  up.  Jeff: So Tina, you-- there is so recently. But what is it about this group of  people, and the trust you have in them that puts you here tonight when this  tragedy is literally just a couple of weeks old. What is the safety about.  Yeah, well, one thing is I’m very fortunate in that I’m a 53-year-old woman  and not a 20 something-year-old woman. And whenever I go out and play Survivor  I’m not just playing the game. I'm wanting to know who these people are.  Because they're going to be a part of my life and a part of my world whenever  I leave here. And it was such an honor and a joy to play with these  characters. And they are family, so cbs is a family to me. They've been so  good to me. And they bring me comfort. It is comforting to be here with all  these people. And so I wouldn't have missed being here for anything.  Jeff: Katie, how are you doing this is your brother, taylor.  Yeah, he was so excited to come tonight. And when people talk about, you  know, people are glad that we came to the show tonight, and this is sort of  the light at the end of a really dark tunnel that we've had to go through.  Everyone's just been so gracious. And all the fans of the show, our family  here, you guys, we've just-- we've shared this love and we've had an outflow  of love from everybody. And I want to say to any proceeds that people want to  send, you know, flowers or jell-o molds, you know, just sort of like what  people do we want you to say that if you want to donate to go to red  cross.org and donate to the philippines disaster relief fund. Because they  hosted us.  Jeff: And that's where we shot the show.  Yeah.  Jeff: On behalf of everyone, we're so sorry for your loss. And we're so glad  you are here to try to find some closure in this experience and tie taylor  into it and be a part of it. All right, when we come back, hard to take a  turn from that to this, but that's kind of how this goes. We're going to show  you what Survivor is doing next year, or next season in february. And Tyson  will get his check for a million dollars. For a million dollars. We'll be  right back. We'll be right back.  Jeff: All right, Tyson, there's your million dollar check, congratulations.  Tomorrow morning you can see interviews with Tyson and everybody on the after  show tomorrow morning on cbs.com. And here's what we're doing next season.  Take a look. Here's the payoff. [cheers and applause]  Jeff: Braun versus brain versus beauty, it is a good season. That's all we  have. You can bid on props, go to cbs.com. Good night. Good night. [applause]