<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor": 10 pairs of castaways made up of  one returns player and their loved one began the game together. Welcome to  the 27th season of "Survivor." ( cheers and applause )  but they soon found out they wouldn't have their loved one to lean on. You're  playing against your loved one. Make a complicated game even tougher.  If there's a challenge for, say, a tarp, she's on the other team, part of me  is going to say I need her to have a tarp instead of me.  You better not be on my team thinking that.  Way to go, Brad.  Jeff: After saying their good-byes, the two tribes were forced to vote out  one of their own, drawing first blood in front of their loved ones.  Laura, laura.  Not good.  The game wasn't over for cand expas laura. Redemption island was back in  play. Redemption island offers you a second chance in the game. And  "blood versus water" was mutt on the ultimate test. Rupert you can  take her spot on Redemption Island. Rupert gave up his life in the game. You  have now put yourself in a spot where you have to win your--  I’m after I’m after time and I will.  Jeff: John decided to let his wife fight her way off Redemption Island.  I have to show all those dumb-asses what a big mistake they made.  Colton was working on repairing his image.  He was one of the most vindictive people to play the game. Has he changed? I  don't know.  Brad culpepper, the former nfl player, hit the ground running.  To play this game you need to get that alliance fast.  Jeff: Putting together a majority alliance of men. They got off to a slow  start. When Katie struggled, they pulled off the victory. Gulang win  immunity.  Don't let that fool you!  Jeff: After Gervase' excessive celebration, the men's alliance targeted his  niece, Marissa.  I'm a little spoiled on Marissa right now just because of the way Gervase  acted. Acted. At tribal council, the men chose vengeance over keeping the  tribe strong. Americanisa-- by voting merissa. The tribe has spoken. 17 are  left, who will be voted out tonight.  Hey.  Hey, another blindside. Tell us your name again.  I'm gervais' niece.  I just got blindsided. Theso I’m really pissed off. We should have won our  challenge. And we lost. But the other team started cheering and celebrat  celebrates and Gervase was like, "that's how it's done!" just00 it  in their face and people got pissed he celebrated too much and now I’m here.  Tonight we have a third person at Redemption Island. At least it wasn't laura  showing up tonight.  You know why you voted that out?  Why?  Because you made that comment not liking Brad. You called him out in front of  people, and he didn't like that.  Yeah, I’m just really pissed. To be that girl, the first one.  Well you're not first one.  Yeah, you're right.  You're the third one.  You're right. Well, how do you all feel, though?  Pissed.  Pissed.  This is Redemption Island. Welcome here. It's a bunch of people sitting  pissed off.  Yeah. It's best being on the front here.  It's best being the caboose. The gift is in the giving.  It's hard to concentrate.  As soon as Rupert was taken away, and I was by myself, my heart just sunk.  You have a really tight back.  It's been a very peaceful tribe. As far as consideration for others, it's  been a blessing.  You don't want to be a part of what's happening right now?  I thought, like, this whole zen, calm, yoga mentality would be appealing to  me. Well, it was for, like, three days. Now I’m over it. I came to play  "Survivor." I didn't come to play red rover.  "Survivor" is patience. It's 39 days. And you've got to be patient.   I don't want to live with these people. I don't want this to be the final  nine. Like, I love Caleb with every fiber of my being, and i-- I just need to  get to him. Him. Honestly, she came up to me and tried to throw you under the  bus. She's getting all caught up in her stories.  I don't believe any of that talk. Let's focus on right now. If we play the  game eight steps in advance, we're going to be in trouble.  <br/>Shut it down. Nobody talk strategy again until we lose our first challenge.  Then we can talk after that.  I had really hoped Colton had seen the way he played and which changed but  you can only fake it for so long. You can come out here and fake it for four  days, five days but the elements get to you and your true personality  emerges.  I'd like to talk about anything but "Survivor."  strategy? What is strategy? We are a unit. We are unity. We are peace. We are  zen. We are stupid!  We feel great this morning. We got flint last night. It was unfortunate we  had to lose a tribe member to get a flint, but we got the flint. Kind of  showed some of the guys how to use the hawaiian sling. We got some fish. Give  a man a fish he eats for days. Teach a man to fish and the whole tribe eats,  something like that.  I have a feeling I’m more at risk in this game right now than Tyson is. I  think alliances are just starting to form. I think there's a lot more going  on than what it looks like just at camp.  Tribal council is such a bummer. Bummer.  You didn't bond with Marissa?  No, no, no.  Who all wroapt the sad faces last night?  I did.  I did.  Those are all girl votes, I think.  I'm a girl in this tribe. I'm a minority. And I am living in a man's world  right now. Which is why my strategy is to really play it cool with the guys,  being with the guys and try to just work with them. I'm on board with you. I  trust you.  Yup. I like you.  We work well together.  Yeah.  The fact that Rachel is not strategizing with the girls at this point, who  you kind of assume she would be closest with, is really fishy to me, and I am  75% confident that Rachel and John have an alliance.  I think that there is an alliance between John and Rachel. Be cautious of it.  I've definitely taken it it upon myself to let people know-- John has an  alliance in the tribe. It puts a big red flag on John which is great for me  because the red flag is not on me.  What.  Tree mail!  Oh!  Yeah!  Gather around. "so it is time for the entire tribe to head to Redemption  Island areinand witness today's duel to see who maintains hope in this game  and who goes home for good."  we're all going.  Yeah!  This game is crazy. The whole tribe is going to Redemption Island.  Go, Candice.  It's going to be tough for me emotionally. I've been wrestling with a lot of  difficult feelings of guilt. If Candice looks at me and smiles and says she  loves me, honestly, that would take this weight that's just crushing my heart  right now, it would just throw it off.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! Galang getting your first look at the new tadhana  tribe. Marace voted out at the last tribal council. We haven't even brought  in the competitors, and already, four of you are crying. Is it just seeing  them?  No, it's the heartache. I wanted to run the whole way.  It's seeing them safe.  Jeff: Suddenly knowing who it is is who was voted out is more important than  ever.  Uh-huh.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the competitors for today's duel. Rupert.  Hi, baby.  Jeff: Candice. And Marissa, voted out at the last tribal council. Marissa,  you gave a big, long stare to your tribe that just voted you out.  I did. Because I don't, I should be here at all. We were talking about the  person who should go to redemption should be based off of their performance.  My performance does dnot lose our challenge. Gervais, the reasoning I got  from my tribe was that you burned the tribe with your celebration. You rubbed  salt in their open wound, and that's why I’m here.  I'm going to rub some more. I promise you that.  Jeff: During the season of "blood versus water" you have the  opportunity to swap spots with your loved one. If you don't swap, this could  be it for Marissa right here. Gervase is going to keep it where it is. For  today's duel, you will use a long pole to maneuver a wooden spool through a  channel. Once you get to the top, you'll place your spool, head back to the  next one. To make it more difficult, the entire structure sits on a spring,  which means if you touch it, it will wobble. And your spools may fall. And  you have to start over. The first two to get all 10 of their spools placed  stay alive. Last person to finish is out of this game for good. In addition,  there is one added element. The first person to finish will get to decide  what gets a clue to the location of a hidden immunity idol. It's an opportunity  fair little power. You can give it to anyone you want on any tribe for  whatever reason. A lot going on. Let's get started. Take your spots. Here we  go. The first two to finish stay alive. The last person to finish is out of  the game for good. Here we go. Survivors ready? Go. It requires a delicate  combination of speed, dexterity, to which Rupert is throwing caution to the  wind and blowing through this. And he's tall enough he doesn't even need the  steps but it falls off. Pick them up and go back to the start. It doesn't do  any good to rush if it's going to fall. Candice has her first one. Marissa  has her first. There are 10 total. You have to stack all of them. Rupert has  his first. Candice is on her second. Out to an early lead. Marissa taking her  time, starting to figure this out. It's one thing to get there. Then you have  to get your stack nice and straight because the taller it gets the more  likely it is to fall. Candice places her seventh. Rupert places his seventh.  It is now cappedis and Rupert. Marissa is trying to place that sixth one.  Candice working on her eighth. Rupert now working on his eighth. The wind is  starting to pick up. Candice has her eighth. Rupert trying to place his  eighth. Rupert places his eighth, but that stack is leaning. Candice placing  her ninth.  Slow and steady, babe.  Jeff: Marissa placing her seventh. Just like that, Rupert losing his hen tire  stack. Rupert lost everything but his first spool. Candice very close to  winning this and staying alive. She'll number charge of who gets that clue if  she can just place this. Very tough when you're at the top. It's easy to  knock the entire stack over.  Jeff.  Jeff: One, two, three, cand sis good. Take a spot behind your deck. We are  now down to two. One person is going to stay alive. One will be out of this  game.  Take your time now! Take your time!  Jeff: Marissa places her ninth. She has one left. Rupert now working on his  fifth. Marissa on her tenth, and could be final spool. To stay alive all she  has to do is get it on top of that stack and hold it for three seconds.  Get your elbows up! Make it level. Get your elbows up in the back. Geez.  Jeff: Three, two, one. Marissa stays alive.  Nice job!  Jeff: She joins cand tois continue on in her quest for a million dollars.  I'm sorry.  Good job, babe.  You'll be fine. I'm fine. You'll be fine. You'll be fine.  Jeff: Candice, Marissa, congratulations. You've done what you needed to do to  stay alive in this game. Rupert.  I can't believe it. First one out. Never went to tribal. Never got a vote.  Jeff: Regret the move you made?  Not at all. I have no regrets. This is a great game, and I love "Survivor."  but I love my wife more.  Jeff: All right, Rupert. For this journey on "Survivor," your time  has come to an end.  Yes, sir.  Jeff: Rupert, grab your stuff. Throw your buff in the urn on the way out. It  is time for you to go.  I love you.  I love you too, honey.  I love you.  Jeff: All right, Candice, as reward for winning this duel, you get to decide  who gets a clue to the location of a hidden immunity idol. You can give it to  anybody you want for any reason. A lot of strategy. Who do you want to give  it to?  Not a lot to think about here, jeff. You know who it's going to.  Jeff: Giving it to your husband  my baby.  Jeff: John, this is the clue to a location of a hidden immunity idol. What  you do with it is up to you.  I love you, babe.  I love you, too, babe.  Jeff: Candice and Marissa. You live to see another day. Grab your stuff and  head back to Redemption Island. All right, guys. Head on back to camp.  I am so pumped that Candice kicked so much ass. I had all these guilty  feelings and she just took them off the table. Now I have a clue to the  hidden immunity idol. This is, like, incredible.  John, congratulations, man. ( applause ).  And she looked fantastic.  I can't even explain the amount of pride and hopeness I had in seeing Candice  just, like, dominate. I didn't love the fact that Marissa won. She is so  pissed.  She's angry.  I would prefer to have Rupert out there than Marissa. I want to have as many  week people around Candice as humanly possible. If both people out there suck  and are weak in challenges, I’m happy.  Here's the interesting thing. Our new twist it's person we vote out has the  chance to swap. Who has the most likely chance to swap are players who played  the game. Who do we want out of the tribe?  Tyson.  For example, Rachel would be the next to go and Tyson would have a really  tough time not switching and that would make their tribe a lot weaker.  I do agree with what you're saying. We're kind of going on supposition on  that one.  That is a no-brainer. For a selfish reason I have not wanting to vote Rachel  out is if in fact Tyson switches places with her he's going against Candice  at Redemption Island, and I would like to have that not happen.  If you can find that idol, we know who doesn't have it. That's so key.  We have our five guys strong. If we stay solid, we go past the merge and  everything.  Right.  Then we use it to help us.  John is with us. And I like the kid. I I think he is solid. I think it's good  for him to have the clue because get, the clue in front of everybody is a  curse and a blessing. I mean, it's a blessing in the sense you've got an  opportunity to find the idol. It's a curse in the sense you have a target.  We have such a good thing going.  Let's keep it that way.  Between your camp and fresh water are you going to see a tree. Pay attention  where you walk or you may stumble over immunity. I have oi decision point to  make. There's a fork in the road. Do I go this way and tell the guys in my  alliance or find a way to run off in secret and find the hidden immunity idol  myself? I think I’m kind of be private about it and make sure I’m the only  one who can find it.  That was brutal.  That was rough.  I am surprisingly okay with this.  Are you doing remarkable.  Look at that.  There's a little bit of sense of relief that I don't have to worry about him.  I don't have my dream of playing with my husband, but we're-- I’m not a  target anymore. I'm not two. I'm one.  I feel like I’m in middle school again. I don't mind campfire-side chats or  whatever, but that's all they want to do.  I'm going to be okay, you guys.  I was impressed.  It will empower me and make me want to beat the other team.  Do we think this is a y.m.c.a. Camping trip where we talk about improving  ourselves. Well you know what? I want to improve myself by win $1 million.  Tyson told me that they want to get rid of you.  Wow.  It's not hard for me to, like, twist the story and lie to someone to benefit  me in this game. Game.  If I can get all of this zen and zahn out of here, I can run this show.  Was he strategizing against me.  <br/>No it's thinking what if that team loses, then what do we do? I'm like I don't  know. You know?  I do want to play against Colton. I can't have him against me because he will  towrn me. He lost that stuff. Like, he thrives on, that and it's sick.  Tina said that she was actually freaked out because you're over-strategizing  with her.  What did she say?  You're so interested in what she said because you know something she said you  told her to not tell me.  I'm just going to get her.  Wait no, stop, stop.  Either you're going to tell me what she said or I’m going to go get her.  Don't make a huge scene, sit down.  Tell me what she said.  Don't know.  When I’m ingery I turn into a raging bitch, and hopefully the camp will erupt  into chaos because if there's one thing I know I can rule in chaos. What did Tina  say to you.  I told you.  You didn't tell me anything. What does dshe say?  That we were overstrategizing.  No, your exact words were Tina came up to you out of the water and said Colton  is totally overstrategizing.  All diwas pull you aside to talk us about us, that's it.  You need to calm down because if you don't you're going to be competing in  that duel next time.  So this is what "Survivor 27" looks like? There is so much drama.  You don't want to deal with drama for 39 days.  I can just say-- can I please just say-- I just want to address the entire  tribe and this is all I’m going to say. Im all for burying the hatchet. I  don't want to look like a ( bleep ). I don't want to be a ( bleep ). But I cannot  forge forward in a relationship with--  this doesn't matter to most of us. I know at least for me, I know for Gervase,  I know for laura, Monica.  I want to have a peaceful camp. And I want to win.  I had a fight with austin. I think it's interesting with Colton. I think he  came out here wanting to be different than the person he was and he pretended  to be for, like, a day and a half or something. But now you look at him and  you're like he's going to end up over thinking himself out of the game.  Right now let's just relax.  I tried to get to the truth, and now it's like let's all just be kumbaya--  whatever. I hope we go to immunity challenge tomorrow and get legislatured.  These people need to experience tribal council and realize this is a game.  This isn't "national lampoon's horrible vacation."  i woke up this morning, and everyone's being super sketchy and I don't know  why. I don't know if the vibe-- if the vibe has gotten thrown off or what  exactly is going on. On. Do you think I’m in trouble?  No.  Really.  I'll keep my ears open but you need to decompress a little bit. I like Colton,  but for the first time in my life, I came to play for me. And that Monica  that's just going to sit in mediocrity, she died in samoa.  Uh-huh.  If he says anything about any of us targeting one of you, approach us.  I saw him this morning and he said, "is it everyone still on Kat or are  they all on me?" so he knows people are on him.  This game doesn't have to be a game. Fear at all.  Because i've been afraid.  I know.  I've been very afraid.  He's a bully. That's the way he plays. He is a gay russell hantz. I have seen  a side of Colton that is nasty. What he did to Kat last night at our camp was  bullying, and if he did it to Kat, he can do it to Tyson. He can do it to Aras.  He can do it to Gervase. And at a certain point you have to say I don't want  to play with that person.  This is the five to the end.  A new alliance has formed and it is Tyson Aras, Gervase, Tina, and me. And I feel  really good about this alliance. Wisdom is experience. And everybody in this  alliance of five that I have has had a lot of life experience.  On three, or something, or let's-- don't say anything on three. One, two,  three, don't say anything.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yeah.  Jeff: First things first, take back the idol. Once again, immunity is back up  for grabs. For today's challenge, three members of each tribe will be tied  together while pushing another tribe member who is inside a barrel through a  series will flag poles. In the flag poles, the person in the barrel must grab  a bag of balls. Once you collect all the bags, the remaining tribe members  will race to roll those balls and get them in the target. Losers go to tribal  council where somebody will be voted out of their tribe and sent to Redemption  Island. In addition, you are playing for reward. Want to know what you're  playing for.  Yes.  Oh, yeah!  Jeff: A lot of fishing gear. You have line. You have hooks. You center lures.  You have live bait. Fishing is, obviously, key to your survival out here.  This will make that pursuit a whole lot easier. Galang, you have one extra  member. Sitting somebody out. Who is it going to be?  Kat.  Kat.  Jeff: Kat, take a spot on the sit-out bench. Everybody else, i'll give you a  minute to strategize and we'll get started. All right, inside the barrel for  tadhana. We have Katie. Inside the barrel for galang we have laura. Here we  go. For immunity and reward. Survivors ready? Go!  Let's go, galang!  Jeff: You have to get them to the first cradle before they can get out of the  bar expel start working on the knots to release the bag with the ball in it.  Up, up.  Jeff: Get it in there! Keep workin working it! Now you're there there. Katie  is first out for tadhana. Laura is out for galang. You have to rip through  those knots. Do not be tentative. You do not want to go to tribal council!  Good job, laura.  Unclip it.  Jeff: Laura has the first bag for galang. Galang. Katie has the first bag for  tadhana. It's close out of the gate.  Come on, guys!  One, two, three.  Good job, galang! Good job!  Laura's out for galang.  Go.  Jeff: Katie working now for tadhana.  Come on, Katie, get up there.  Jeff: Laura has the second bag release forward galang. Galang in the lead.  Galang, good job!  Come oKatie.  Jeff: Tadhana now has their second bag.  Jeff: It is a dizzy righted in that barrel.  Keep going! Keep going!  Jeff: Gla at their third station. Laura really has this down now. Katie out  now. She's working on that third bag of knots. Laura has third bag for  galang. The returning players still in the lead. Katie has the third bag for  tadhana. Trying to stay in this. Laura has that fourth and final bag for  galang. Katie working on the final bag for tadhana.  We're right here.  Come on, Katie.  Jeff: Laura has the fourth bag. Katie has the fourth bag. We are very close.  Come on, guys! Push it up. Line it up!  Tadhana now taking the lead. Tadhana finishes first. Get out!  Back up, back up.  Jeff: Galang cannot get in their final cradle.  Good job.  There you go! Now she's out. Let's go, laura! These returning players taking  on their loved ones. Nobody wants to go to tribal, and everybody wants the  fishing gear. First up for tadhana.  You got this, baby.  Jeff: You've got to land all six balls, one in each of the holes.  Come oHayden.  Jeff: Hayden lands the first one for tadhana!  Gervase is going to be first up for galang.  Come on, ger!  Jeff: Gervase just misses to the left.  Jeff: Hayden scores the second for tadhana.  Relax, dude.  That's it, that's it!  Jeff: Gervase has first ball for galang. It is 2-1, tadhana in the lead.  Hayden scores the third for tadhana.  Jeff: Gervase has a nice touch going. And he lands a second one for galang.  Gervase with a third for galang. We are tied now, 3-3.  Come on, Hayden!  Jeff: Hayden just misses for tadhana.  You got it!  Jeff: Gervase with the fourth for galong. It is 4-3 galang. There are six  total. Hayden scores the fourth for tadhana.  Jeff: We are tied, 4-4. Two balls left for each guy. Gervase looking for that  fifth and he has it. Gervase with one ball left to land. Could this be it? It  is! Gervase wins it for galang.  Marissa! That's for you, baby!  Jeff: Returning players win their second immunity challenge in a row.  Row. Galang, another victory. Once again immunity is yours. ( applause ) in  addition to immunity, huge fishing reward. Everything you need to catch fish.  Come grab your reward. Head back to camp. Congrats.  Jeff: All right, tadhana, tribal council again tonight where somebody will be  voted out of this tribe and sent to Redemption Island. Grab your stuff. Head  back to camp. I'll see you at tribal tonight.  We beat them in the first leg. And then we came back. Great job.  Katie, you did really good.  Is it just me, or is Gervase as stupid as he looks. Trying to throw salt in  the wound. Where can we have a physical challenge where I’m going to body  slam him. I'm going to throw him in the water, he'll come back up, and i'll  throw him in the water I swear I am.  We were really in need of this challenge not because of the fishing gear but  we need the immunity idol. We don't want to send anyone home. There are three  girls left. We have lot of guys, lots of brawn, but there are only three  girls. The chis could pick us off if they wanted to. Hopefully they want to  keep me around. I don't want to see the other girls go but there's only one  person who wins the game and I have to do what I have to do to win.  We both think Rachel only because of the new twist.  All things being considered the three girls are relatively even, so the Tyson  possibility to weaken their tribe kind of puts it over the edge.  I was just, like, if Tyson doesn't take her place, then losing Rachel makes  us weaker than losing one of the other two.  Even he doesn't twill weaken him to a point.  She is the only girl who has shown he doesn't, like, want to be physical.  Not more than anybody else.  The consensus is Rachel because they're concerned about Tyson and maybe Tyson  will take Rachel's spot at Redemption Island, and thereby weaken their tribe.  But from a personal standpoint.  Don't really want to have Rachel go to Redemption Island, and then have Tyson  switch places with her because then Tyson's competing against Candice.  We're going to say-- does John have allegiance to the five guys or to Rachel?  Doubts have arisen because of his extreme hesitancy to vote her out. This  early in the game to have doubts arise is not a good thing.  What we came up with it is that it's going to be Rachel are probably. What do  you think about that?  You talked to John about that? He's not going to get rid of her.  He had a tough time with it. He's very--  i have a tough time believe, that he's going to write her name down.  Even if he doesn't put her name down--  it doesn't really matter.  Wait, he has the idol. What if he saves her?  We don't think he has it yet.  We just want to let you know our mark for Rachel is going to be Ciera.  It's gonna be Rachel. Okay?  Okay.  We're gonna-- we're probably gonna tell Rachel that it's you, okay?  I am freaked out. John told me that he was going to tell Rachel to vote me,  and don't worry about it because we're all voting Rachel. Well, that's too  sketchy for me.  They told me all the guys are on the same page with voting Rachel out.  Here's my concern. We all vote Rachel. If he has the idol and he-- John told  me they're going to tell Rachel to vote me. So she'll write my name down. We  all vote Rachel. He saves Rachel I go home.  That is the exact certain. I said why don't me and Ciera vote someone else, John.   Am I in trouble.  No, it's Ciera.  This is not the vote they really want to make. I didn't want Rachel to go and  I’m disagreeing with the other guys in my alliance about that. I don't want  my alliance not to trust me because I want very publicly given a clue to the  hidden immunity idol. I haven't found it yet but I don't necessarily need  them having feelings of doubt when it comes to my faith in the alliance.  Federally if I saw all this crap in my rice I would not pay the bill and go  home. Oh, there's coconut here and sand.  It's good.  Where is John going?  John's kind of hiding the idol crew, not really fig everybody in. We all know  he's looking for it. It makes you a little weary. Right now, John is with the  five guys. We'll see how long he stays that way.  This is great. As soon as I mention Rachel, it's like no. Now, he's got a  clue to the idol.  I wonder if he's-- if he's going to share it or if he's--  yoing yoeng he'll share it.  No, absolutely not.  He's not sharing.  One thing, maybe, two things maybe more. For everything to add up, it's like  I don't want to be the one that says break up the five guys first. But to be  honest, we should vote John. Because he could have found the idol, just his  energy and his resourcefulness I totally think he could possibly have the the  idol, and if somebody starts to show signs they're willing to do their own  thing and go against the group, get him out now. Blindside him now.  Jeff: Let's talk a little bit about the men versus women ratio. Out of the  gate you vote out laura. Then you vote out Marissa. So now it's five guys,  three women. Are the women talking about this?  I definitely feel like when you're seeing all of the men go off into the  boat, and there are three women sitting, there's a sense that we're all  vulnerable because at this point we are down in the numbers.  Jeff: Hayden, you're smiling. Are you relating to this?  Like, I understand where they're coming from when they say, this but the guys  have bonded together in a way that's just kind of how it wrkd out so far. Not  to say there's not anything going on, or whatnot.  Jeff: Katie, Hayden just was clear to point out saying I’m not saying there  is not something going on.  Jeff: What do you do?  We're trying to figure this out.  Jeff: John, Candice is the at Redemption Island.  Yes.  Jeff: She gives the clue to the idol to you.  Of course.  Jeff: Caleb, would it be fair to assume if you're John that you now have at  least a little "x" on the shoulder?  Based on the history of "Survivor" the hidden immunity idol is a  target.  Another thing, jeff, there's probably an assumption he has already found it.  He has to figure out whether it's best to tell the whole tribe or not.  Jeff: So, John, with everything else that's going on, whoever this tribe  votes out will try to take your wife out.  Yeah, andop of that, whoever we vote out tonight, their loved one could  potentially take their place, and then try and beat Candice.  Jeff: So, Hayden, you vote somebody out, they go to redemption, their loved  one takes their spot.  It's twisted, jeff. I mean, it is. Potentially, we could weaken their tribe.  By voting somebody out here tonight.  Jeff: There are probably more layers to votes this season than we have ever  had before. And it is time to vote. Rachel, you're up. I'll go tally the  votes. Anybody has the hidden immunity idol and you want to play tnow  wouldn't time to do so. Okay, once the votes are read, the decision is final.  Person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area immediately.  I'll read the votes. First vote. John. John. Two votes John. Ciera. Rachel.  Rachel. That's two votes Rachel, vo two votes John, one vote Ciera. Rachel.  That's three votes Rachel, two votes John, one vote Ciera. Second person  voted out of "blood versus water." Rachel. That's four. That's  enough pup need to bring me your torch. Rachel, the tribe has spoken. You  will have a chance to get back in this game. Grab your torch. Head to Redemption  Island. Good luck.  Peace, guys. Well, the good news is, you're only six days into this game, but  you've got to wint next challenge. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good  night. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, and ford.  Drive one. Captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor." if you want to take Rachel's spot, Rachel  will be back in the game on your side.  Jeff: Will Tyson rise to the equation.  It's up to you.  Okay, none of you has a chance to hell.  Jeff: And when Colton finally crumble.  Jeff: Are you quitting this game?  I don't care.  At tribal tonight, I got voted out. It wasn't a huge surprise to me. As a  girl in a guy-dominated tribe. They split votes tonight between me and John.  I looked over, and his face was kind of surprised. It is a really close  tribe. Like, they're all friend, but I think it's going to change now.