<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor." ten returning players were split  from their loved ones and placed on separate tribes. You are no longer loved  ones, you are now competitors. And Redemption Island was back in play. Two  people will stay alive, one is going home for good. Candice wins this duel.  After Candice and Marissa beat Rupert at the first duel, Candice gave her  husband John the clue to the hidden immunity idol.  Love you, babe.  Jeff: While John focused on the clue --  pay attention to where you walk or you may stumble over immunity.  Jeff: -- his men's alliance focused on his ally Rachel.  The person who vote out, who's their strongest player and who will be most  likely to switch that's strong?  Tyson.  Exactly.  Jeff: Meanwhile, at galang, the entire tribe was in a zen state of mind.  You don't want to be a part of what's happening right now?  Jeff: But Colton was dead set on disturbing the beat.  Hopefully this camp will erupt into chaos.  Jeff: And everyone began to notice.  Shut it down. I hoped Colton had seen the way he'd played and changed but you  can only fake it for so long.  Get in there, ball.  Jeff: At the immunity challenge -- tkpwer vas wins it for galang. Tadhana  lost for the second time in a role.  Gervase is trying to throw salt in the wound. I'm going to body slam the  (bleep) out of him.  Jeff: At tribal council they didn't lose sight sight of their plan.  It's twisted. We could weaken their tribe by voting somebody out here  tonight.  Jeff: voting out Rachel hoping Tyson will take her spot at the next duel.  Rachel, the tribe has spoken. You will have a chance to get back in this  game. Grab your torch, those Redemption Island. 16 are left. Who will be  voted out tonight?  What's the strangest thing you've ever seen for sale at a gas station?  A cupcake belt.  You went to the cup take section at the gas station and just "oh, this  is what I want."  what a thoughtful thing to wear out here. That doesn't make anybody hungry at  all, Tyson.  It's not a real cupcake, it's just made out of medal. If somebody wants to  take a bite, be my guest. Who wants to take a lick.  We have to start strategically thinking whatever the challenge is who we're  going to sit out.  Let's call each other out right now.  It's so early in the morning. (laughter)  exactly.  These people are nothing like the people I played with in "one  world." no one wants to talk about strategy. They just want to sit  around and hear each other's life stories and I’m so frustrated because it's,  like, I love the strategy component of this game and apparently that's  threatening to people and I think that's why they're scared of me. Do you  think I’m in trouble?  Yeah. But I can also say you're not out of the game.  I just want to totally redefine how I play this game and I feel like it's  just too little too late now.  But it's not. Things change. People do stupid things. You got yourself in the  foot once, that doesn't mean someone else won't shoot themselves in the foot  right after you. Someone else might get a fight or -- you never know. Colton  is a poison out here and he's poisoning everyone's mind. He doesn't get this  game. He thinks this game is about creating chaos so he might have dug his  brave. Off beautiful place like right now. Spend five minutes relaxing your  body.  I could do that if you would just tell me "Colton, i'll give you a  second chance."  i can't team you that. Just relax. Enjoy yourself. All right, man?  I know my days in this game are numbered, you know? Unless you've got people  willing to roll with you, there's not a lot you can do.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! Galang getting your first look at the new tadhana  tribe. Rachel voted out at the last tribal council. We'll now bring in the  competitors for today's duel. Candice, Marissa and Rachel. Welcome to Redemption  Island arena. Before we get to the duel, Tyson, reaction to seeing it was Rachel  who was voted out?  It's not a bad move, jeff. They must have assumed that I would at least  highly consider switching places with her, pulling me off the tribe and  making it easier for them to win because they're having a hard time right  now.  Jeff: Rachel, is that what you think happened?  I think that's exactly what happened. I think Brad's lining up his game right  now I think and everybody's just falling under his spell.  Jeff: Tyson, before we get to the duel, as is the case with anybody who has a  loved one on Redemption Island, if you want to take Rachel's spot out here  fighting for your life, Rachel would be back in the game on your tribe.  It's up to you.  You have a better chance in this game right now than I do. You need to stay  there with your tribe. They need you.  Are you sure?  Yeah. You've got to stay there.  Okay. I'm staying.  Let's go, Rachel.  You guys watch out. If you see me in Redemption Island, none of you have a  chance in hell. Mr. Football smiling at me like he does, you can be big, but  that's the worst thing in this game.  We haven't wanted to vote anybody out but we have to. You guys cheer over  there after you win and we have to go home and get rid of one of your loved  ones. You haven't had the difficult conversations we've had. Nobody's been  voted out over there so don't start throwing arrows at us.  Difficult? It should be easy. Vote out the weakest person to help the tribe.  You voted out two strong people already. Hence the reason why you lost.  We're playing "Survivor" babe. Maybe there's more to it than that.  (bleep) you Brad culpepper.  Hey, Marissa, tone it down. Stay focused on what you've got to do out here.  Jeff: Now Colton, you're crying. What are you crying about?  I don't want to be here anymore. At all. And I’m sorry!  Don't quit, Colton.  I can't do this! Anymore, at all. And I’m sorry.  Jeff: Meaning what? Meaning you're quitting? Again?  Don't quit, Colton.  I can't do this!  Jeff: So Colton, you came back for a second time because you said "i've  changed. I've grown and I want to show everybody." you're now doing the  exact opposite.  I don't care about this tribe.  Jeff: Well, that's clear because you're punishing them by costing them a  tribe member in a game about numbers in which ultimately you may merge.  Well, then maybe that's the best move for me.  Jeff: A very selfish move.  Well --  Jeff: Admittedly a selfish move?  Admittedly, but maybe the best one for me.  Jeff: What is it that's happening on your tribe that's forcing you to quit  that I can confirm for myself is a second time. The first time you feigned  appendicitis. The secoyou didn't have it.  I don't know what it was. I was treated for a bacterial infection. People can  say until the cows come home I quit. My back is against the wall and when my  back is against the wall I turned into the person I was in "one  world." I’m tired of being hated by everybody. I'm tired of being --  you turned into that person before your back was against the wall.  The fact of the matter is, jeff, Colton's having a hard time because we're  not playing Colton's game and now he knows he can't win the game.  Jeff: Is 40 that how it goes, Colton? If things don't go your way let's just  stop?  I don't know. Maybe. I don't know.  Jeff: So, Colton, are you quitting this game?  Yes.  Jeff: Okay, you are out of the game. Caleb, this is this has got to be  disappointing for you?  My heart is crumbling because he loves the game. I don't know why he wouldn't  stick it out.  Jeff: But Caleb, you know, lots of people like to watched a venture. It  doesn't necessarily mean they really should get up off the couch. And I’m now  convinced that Colton is the guy who never should have got up off the couch.  We brought a quitter back and we got a quitter again.  I don't care what y'all say.  Okay, that's fine. If you need to do this, just do it. You know me, I don't  care.  Jeff: Well, Colton, you came back for a second time because you said you  wanted to show how much you've grown but your behavior now shows you haven't  and the irony is the opportunity for growth you seek is right in front of  you. It's called "Survivor." you can keep your buff, I won't give  you the honor of throwing that in the urn, we'll keep that reserved for  people who compete. Boat will pick you up.out,  theã    &amp;,z  love you, babe. Catch you on the flip side.  Jeff: Okay. Wow. Game continues to change only seven days in. Colton is gone.  Tadhana now is only down one tribe member and now we put our attention back  on the task at hand which is today's duel. Three people fighting to stay in  this game. Two of you will survive. One of you is about to be out of this  game. Let's get to today's duel. For today's duel you will stack a series of  blocks on an angular platform avoiding trip bar which is could wobble your  stack causing it to fall forcing you to start over again. Your goal is to  stack them so they fall like dominoes, ultimately releasing a ball which will  smash a tile. The first two two to finish stay alive. Loser is out. In  addition, the winner of this duel gets to decide who gets the clue to a  hidden immunity idol. You guys ready for this? Here we go. Take your spots.  Here we go. First two to finish stay alive. Loser is out of this game for  good, their shot at a million dollars over. Survivors ready? Go. Anybody can  win this duel. Lots of different strategies do you just pick a few up and  find where they go? If one doesn't work, find a spot where it will fit. These  trip bars make it a little more difficult. You can't just race up and down.  It is a very hot 114 degrees out here today. That makes concentrating that  much more difficult where concentration is key.  Jeff: Everybody's made quite a bit of progress. Candice getting very close.  Been placing those blocks very quickly.  You're doing great, babe. Candice places her ball. She's ready to give it a  go. If she's right, it will be her second duel victory. Here she goes. So far  so good. She's very close Candice wins her second duel! Candice stays alive  at Redemption Island.  So proud of you.  Jeff: It's come down now to Marissa and Rachel. One more will finish to stay  alive. One will go home. Marissa tries it. It falls short. She's got to  restack. That opens the door for Rachel. Rachel bump it is trip bar, loses  nearly her entire stack.  That's okay. Restack. Restack.  Jeff: But she now knows it will work. Marissa now feels the pressure.  You're good. Take your time. This is it. I think they're good.  Jeff: Marissa restacked. She thinks she has it. She tries again. Marissa is  no good. She lost a third of her stack again. It is back and forth. Just when  you think you're in trouble you're back and just when you think you have it  you're in trouble. Now the panic starts to set in. You can't be last now. You  want back in the game you've got to beat the other person right now.  Oh, my gosh.  Jeff: Both women have had several shots at this.  This is crazy.  Jeff: It is neck in neck. Both women just a couple of blocks away from going  again.  This is intense.  Gerv, I’m about to pass out.  You've got it. All you can do is stack the front. It's over. There you go.  Jeff: Marissa is very close to giving it ago again. Rachel has to get back to  without hurting her bars.  Raping you need a different piece there.  Jeff: This could come down to a few pieces between Rachel and Marissa.  You don't want to leave this game.  There you go. Let's do it.  Jeff: Marissa's very close, Rachel is very close. Marissa gives it a go, Rachel  gives it a go. Rachel's stack is moving Marissa's is moving! Rachel's fall  short, Marissa's still going! You got it! Marissa stays alive.  That's why we don't quit, right? That's what I’m talking about! That's what I’m  talking about! Right there!  I love you, babe.  I love you, too.  Way to stay focused.  Good try, Rachel.  You're in this game still! You're in this game! Rachel, nice job Rachel.  Did you have fun while you were here?  Yes.  Jeff: Candice, marisa, Rachel. One of the host hard-fought duels i've ever  seen. Candice, you stay alive. Marissa, you stay alive. Rachel, after seven  days, your time on "Survivor" is over. Toss your buff in the urn on  the way out. It's time for you to go. (applause)  good job, Rachel! (applause)  Jeff: Candice and Marissa, you two stay alive. Candice, because you won the  duel again you once again get to decide who gets the clue to the location of  a hidden immunity idol. What are you going to do?  John, take clue and do what you need to do with it.  Jeff: John will get the second clue to the location of a hidden immunity  idol. If he hasn't found it this will help him get closer phafplt reusz a, Candice.  You're that much closer to a second shot at reentering the game. Grab your  stuff and head back to Redemption Island. Await your next duel.  Good luck, girls, over there.  Hydrate, you guys. Hydrate.  Jeff: Guys, head back to camp.  Jeff: Sorry, ty. How do you feel?  Okay, I guess. I'm fine. It was hard to see Rachel at redemption. I knew she  was going to be there. It was the only move for them that made sense, really,  if they wanted to try and win challenges. So now I have to get all the way to  the end or I would regret not stepping in for Rachel.  I thought you made the right decision, to be honest with you.  When she lost and I got to hug her I asked her if she had fun and she said  she did and for me that was enough. Because it is a game, you know? Too many  people take it too serious and it shouldn't be. And it ruins their lives and  it makes them angry and a good example of that is Colton.  We're down a man.  Why'd he quit? Like, what happened?  Because he didn't have control of all of us. Like, he thought he could.  Because every person he talked to said "i don't want to talk strategy to  you" so he was like how can I play this game? And rather than bide his  time and wait for somebody else to do something he was like "i  quit."  i think I can only remember all these (bleep).  That was a strong attack on the culpepper name.  Right now being here with Monica is a little weird. I mean, who wouldn't be  bothered by that. I know her husband was the main reason Rachel got voted out  but he doesn't know how to play the game. All he's doing is creating a larger  target on his back.  Well, that was uneventful.  Wow. That's crazy.  Am I being a tyrant? I don't know.  No, you're not. Don't worry.  He called me out. It was like -- that's the whole deal with going to Redemption  Island. In the past you vote something off and their dirty laundry goes with  them.  Exactly.  Now you vote somebody off and the dirty laundry comes back at you. At  redemption we walk in and all of a sudden wham! Tyson started blaming me for  getting rid of his girl. Then Marissa directed vulgarities about me about me  ruling the roost and making the decisions. I am but I’m making everyone else  feel that decisions are being made as a group, not by me. I'm not worried about  me at all.  He's a solid dude, man. He knows how to build a team.  Everybody's much more comfortable because of Brad.  I love all of you guys. It's like we couldn't have been dropped in a better  position.  Candice kicked ass again at the duel which was great for me because I got  another clue to the immunity idol and it's sort of a double-edged sword  because everyone will assume I found it so i'll have a target on my back  whether I find it or not.  I feel bet we are the second clue than I did about the first.  Origin 23458ly I wasn't going to tell anybody about the clue but I like Brad  a lot and I didn't want him to think I was being shady and start being  paranoid about our alliance.  At this point, i've got such a good relationship with John he actually told  me the clue to the hidden immunity idol and I wanted to help him find it but John  said we shouldn't go together because it's going to seem too obvious and I’m thinking,  hmm, okay, I don't know what this means. Does he trust me or not?  I'll find it.  I agree. You go. You're the leader on this deal.  Let me find it.  This is going to be a litmus test with John and i. Is John with me? Is he my  guy or is he not? Because if he doesn't trust me, I don't know if I can trust  him.  Jeff: Treemail!  Today?  Oh, boy.  A challenge?  Pushing, shoving, thrashing, bashing. This is no regular pillow fight.  We're fighting!  Knock your loved ones in the drink or you may just go home tonight.  Wow.  Who would you want to go against?  I'd like to go against Vytas. We get treemail and this is huge because my  brother has been a bully in my life, to put it simply. When I was a kid, my  brother never looked out for me. It's always been mom's not looking so if he  could get a punch in he was going to take it. But this is a chance for us to  compete on an even playing field.  I think any advice you would have?  Don't get overextended. The key is balance. Yes, yes, like boxing, like pew.  Go easy on me.  I can't say I was a great older brother to Aras but the truth is he's always been  a little more athletic, a little stronger, a little bigger than me. He got  best body in high school, college scholarship to play basketball. He was --  he's the golden child. He always wins. Won "Survivor," won a  million dollars and I’m like finally for once can I win, please? I'm going to  go balls out. I can't go home having him beat me every time.  Especially in a physical challenge.  Yes! This is my chance. I have to beat him at something.  Jeff: You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Absolutely!  Jeff: First thing's first, galang, take back the idol.  Good toss!  Once again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge you're going  to square off one on one sumo style using padded bags you're going to attempt  to knock your opponent off the platform into the water. First tribe to five  wins immunity, safe from the vote. Losers go to tribal koupb jill somebody  will be voted out and sent to Redemption Island. In addition, you're playing  for reward. Want to know what you're playing for?  Yeah!  Jeff: Comfort. (cheers and applause) you have a tarp, pillows, blankets,  mosquito nets, some rope, hammock., if you want, you can tra for fishing  gear. Galang already has it. One will keep you comfortable, one may keep you  alive. Worth playing for?  Absolutely.  Jeff: Galang, you have one extra member. You must sit out a woman. Who's it  going to be?  It's going to be me.  Jeff: Monica, we'll have a spot for you right here. Everybody else, give you  a minute to strategize, we'll get started. All right, here we one of the  matches everybody's wanted. Been a lot talking back forth between Gervase and  culpepper. Something's going to get today. We're playing to five. Survivors  ready? Go! Gervase goes hard against culpepper, loses his bag. Got to get  your hands on it.  Go, gerv!  Jeff: Cull petter down, Gervase has a bit of an angle. Good battle early.  He's in. Cull petter scores for tadhana. Tadhana leads 1-zip. Next round,  women, laura's taking on Tina's daughter Katie. Survivors ready? Go. Laura  hits her hard but Katie w stands it! Katie squirming to stay alive. Lawyer  are still pushing. Katie in the water! Laura scores for galang, we are tied  1-1. Next matchup, John, Candice' husband taking on Aras. Survivors ready?  Go. John gets Aras on the edge but Aras fighting back. It's a good matchup.  Aras is on the edge but he's fighting back. Aras in the water! John scores  for tadhana! Tadhana leads 2-1. Next round it is Ciera, laura's daughter  taking on Kat, Hayden's girlfriend. Here we go. Survivors ready. Go. Kat with  one push, Ciera goes in, cat scores for galang, we are tied 2-2. Next  matchup, Hayden going in for tadhana, he's going to take on Tyson for galang.  Playing to five. Survivors ready? Go. Hayden with a big hit and Tyson is in  quickly. Tadhana leads 3-2.  I'm done.  Jeff: And Tyson is hurt. Are you all right?  My shoulder popped and I can't lift it.  Jeff: Come over here, we'll bring medical out. Medical, come on out. Ramona,  tell me what you're feeling and what you're seeing.  Tyson just popped his shoulder out a little bit.  Jeff: You can feel his shoulder is popped out?  Just a little bit and in the back up here he might have torn part of that  tendon. The thing that's good about these sort of tears is that after a while  it can become less painful and you can have much better mobility.  Jeff: Are we feeling like for the rest of this challenge if he had to go  again he couldn't?  He'd probably pop it out.  When Hayden hit me I knew I had hurt myself. I couldn't move it at all and I thought  my whole game is screwed.  Jeff: All right, next matchup, Tina w a chance her daughter! T 3-2. She can  extend that lead right here.  Don't make me laugh!  Jeff: Survivors ready? Go! Oh, boy! Tough right out of the gate both women!  Katie has her mom on the run! Tina's fighting back! One of the best matchups  so far.  Get low, Tina! Right there, Tina!  Jeff: Tina going for the feet trying to knock Katie out from under herself.  Go, Tina!  Jeff: Tina back up and they're back at it. Katie has her mom on the run but Tina  not going down. What a matchup!  Get low!  Jeff: Tina close to pushing Katie off! Katie in t water for tadhana. Tina  scores for galang! We are tied 3-3. Next pair, Aras against his brother Vytas.  Vytas, tell me about the history of the rivalry. Brothers always rival.  He's afraid of me since he was a little kid. He's cowering on the inside.  Jeff: Aras, what vitus is bringing is up decades.  Do I feel like I’m stphefb a little bit, yeah. Do I want to go in the water,  no, i'd like to take the bully and put anymore the water, you know?  Jeff: We are tied 3-3. This is a big matchup. Survivors ready. Go. Aras goes  out quickly and Vytas slips. He's on the edge but fighting back. Big matchup!  Aras has his older brother down! Aras slowly trying to inch his brother off this  platform. Vytas not moving.  Fight! Fight!  Stand up. Go.  Jeff: Aras giving his brother another shot to start clean.  Start there.  Vytas tried to take advantage. One of the biggest unsportsman like move,s.  Aras has Vytas and he's in! Aras takes down the bully. Galang leads 4-3! So Aras,  what does that feel like right now?  It feels bad. You know, I love him more than anybody else. He's my brother  and I don't want to fight against him. We've done it enough but -- I’m proud  I beat him.  I mean, he's the college athlete. I'm the junky. I was so happy to go up  against him and I tried my hardest he beat me. I'm proud for him.  Jeff: Galang leads 4-3. We are playing to five. This could be it. Laura will  be taking on her daughter Ciera.  It's okay, right? Just a game. It's okay. It's okay.  Jeff: Laura, we haven't started and you're crying already. What's the  emotion?  That's my baby. And to hurt your own child intentionally is never fun.  You're not hurting me.  Jeff: Ciera rah just gave you permission, didn't she?  Good luck, girl!  Jeff: Galang leads 4-3. Laura, if she defeats her own daughter, wins it for  galang. Tadhana has yet to win a challenge. It's on Ciera's back right now.  Survivors ready? Go. Laura goes out strong but look at Ciera pushing back!  Laura has Ciera going back. Ciera digging in to fight!  Finish it!  Jeff: Laura's got her on the run. Ciera hangs on! Ciera in the water. Laura  scores and wins for galang! Galang wins their third immunity challenge in a  row. When mother defeats daughter.  Tell me you're not angry.  I'm not.  Okay.  Jeff: Galang, for the third time in a row, immunity is yours. Gervase,  comfort items will be waiting for you back at the beach.  Oh, my God, we've got comfort.  Grab your stuff and head in. Enjoy the night off. Tadhana, for the third  straight time tribal council once again you'll vote somebody out who will be  sent to Redemption Island and have to compete in duels for a shot to get back  in this game. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. See you tonight at tribal  council.  Ciera lost to her mom and, I mean, they're a team of like mothers and  grandmothers. Very, very frustrating. My mom totally kicked my ass.  I thought we should have had Vytas go against Tyson.  It was close, they just --  i feel like it wasn't that close. I feel like I got clobbered by my brother.  I knew going into that challenge if it was going to be me against Aras that  the cards were stacked against me. I wanted to go up against him in hopes  that maybe something about, you know, the balance or maybe he wasn't eating  as much as I had been but not only did he win but he won even after I gave  him a cheap shot.  We're getting our asses kicked.  I like old girls but neither one of them could beat their mom. Katie couldn't  beat her 60-year-old mother and.  And she's giggling. Are you kidding he? Do you know there's a 50% chance  you're going home tonight?  Tadhana's lost three straight immunity challenges and it's frustrating and  now it's like we got these two girls who I like very much but, like, if we're  going to win challenges we can't have people like giggling and laughing as  we're losing. It's completely asinine. Here's the thing, Katie has cooked  every single meal.  That's true.  That's true.  Ciera hasn't done anything at any challenge and she doesn't do anything  around camp so to me I don't think she's helping us that much.  I'm down to go with whatever. If it's Ciera fine.  I want it to be done and let's enjoy the afternoon as best we can.  We have the five-guy alliance so I’m not worried about tonight. It's going to  be Ciera going home but you have to be careful because this is "Survivor"  sur so I have two clues to a hidden immunity idol and if I can find the thing  i'll put myself in a good position.  Look, here's the deal: John, he's a strong player, he needs to go. Because John  can reconnect with Candice and we can't afford to have those two back in the  game. Coming back from the challenge my whole perspective changed. That's  when the lightbulb went bing. Here's the deal: I'm running our tribe right now  but John's wife Candice is kicking it at Redemption Island and let's say she  gets back in the game. If we go to a merge and they're reconnected, Brad  doesn't control John anymore, Candice controls John. And I’m just kicked to  the curb and I’m second fiddle.  The girls will be fighting for their own lives. I promise you they'll be on  board. It will be one of the colossal blind sides on "Survivor"  history. I'm just telling you.  We've been sticking to the five guys alliance and suddenly Brad is like,  boom, we're going to get rid of John right now. Big move. And I was kind of  shocked.  He's not finding the idol today.  What's the second clue?  Yeah it's like serpentine tree on the way to the waterfall and you have to  dig for it.  It's been five guys since day one and if we're voting one out now it could be  like opening pandora's box. It could really build distrust moving forward.  There he is walking. Here's the deal, we're going unified on John. We have to  pull this off. Because here's the brutal truth: If it's not John it's got to  be one of you guys. All right? Call me crazy, I feel good about this. And  just so you know, I may vote you so that if John gets back in the game I can  maybe pull him back in.  So Brad mentions he wants to be the one guy that doesn't vote for John and I’m  not down with it. If we're going to make a move like this, we have to suck it  up and do it and say we did it together and Brad doesn't want to be the bad  guy. He orchestrated it all but he wants us to do the dirty work which makes Brad  a big target in my eyes to see that level of shiestiness.  I'm just worried about the idol. Like, I know you guys are all voting John  but I’m so paranoid.  I think it might be smart.  Might be.  Oh, my God, can you imagine? Oh, my God.  I feel like every tribal so far i've been on the chopping block so if the  boys are willing to vote out Brad I would definitely do the same. I've always  said anybody but me. I don't care who it is.  Yeah, but do we want to risk keeping somebody around if he actually does have  the idol?  There's a lot of stuff going on. Brad thinks John is a threat. But now I’m starting  to think Brad's equally dangerous. So tonight is a huge decision for us and I  don't know what's going to happen. One thing's for sure: It's going to be a  big blind side.  Jeff: John, third time in a row.  Third time in a row, jeff.  Jeff: Let's talk about today's challenge. Once again the men were the only  people who really scored any points. Was that something you guys talked about  when you went back to camp?  Of course. We knew that the brawn of the men in our team was one of our  strong points but, you know, that was a challenge about matchups. Everyone  has to be able to come to the cable and win their matchup.  Jeff: Katie, first time you went up against your mom you lost. Today you go  up against your mom, lose again.  Yeah. And it's unfortunate because there's only two females so we have to go  in several times and it was frustrating, definitely.  Jeff: Ciera, how about for you?  Yeah. That was rough. I mean, if I could just win one and Katie could just  win one we definitely had a chance at winning the thing so, yeah, you're  embarrassed because you lost to your mom and not only that you feel like you  let your team down.  Jeff: Caleb, three votes, three women gone from this tribe. What does that  say about this tribe?  Males pretty much dominate it. If we lose and come here it's usually going to  be a girl going home.  Jeff: Vytas, is it a male alliance or the fact that we think we've gotten rid  of the three weakest people and that's why there have been women so far?  I don't think it's quite as rudimentary as men versus women. I think trust is  the currency of this game, jeff. Trust and information. Anything somebody  says or does just adds to the information you get about that person.  Jeff: Culpepper, vie srao ++eu it is a basically said when you say anything  that could be used against you in this game. Does that concern you a bit?  No doubt about it. At the end of the day I guess I’m sensitive because every  time go to Redemption Island I’m to blame for whomever is there and for  whatever reason people seem to think I was the kingpin of this group which I don't  believe I am but that's the assumption and that makes it really difficult.  Jeff: John, Brad brings up Redemption Island. Once again, Candice, your wife,  gave you another clue to the hidden immunity idol and she said "I’m going  to trust my husband knows what to do with this." what did she mean by  that, do you think?  Candice is a student of the game. She knows that giving me the clues so  publicly puts a big target on my back whether I have the idol or not. So I think  she's trusting that i've put myself in a good position in the game and then  know what to do with it if the time comes.  Jeff: Vytas, do you wish it was you that had the clues to the idol or are you  glad it's somebody else?  I think it's tough, jeff. It can definitely help your alliance and help us go  further but every single person in this game knows that John has those two  clues, you know? So at this point I’m happy somebody in my alliance has it  but I’m also happy it's not me.  Jeff: Hayden, what are the chances that with two clues he doesn't have it?  (laughs) it depends on the clues, jeff. I haven't seen the clues myself so I don't  know how precise they are.  Jeff: So he hasn't shared them with you?  He has not shared them with me. No.  Jeff: Does that make you question a little?  A little bit in the back of your mind, of course. But at the end of the day  it's -- i've got to take his word.  Another thing that's tough, jeff, is that we can't all tell the truth all the  time. At some point we have to figure out how to move ahead to better  ourselves. I mean, there's only going to be one winner at the end of the day.   Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Katie, you're up. Votes. If anybody that  has hidden immunity idol and you want to play it now would be the time to do  so. Okay, once the votes are read, the decision is final. Person voted out  will be asked to leave the tribal council area immediately. I'll read the  votes. First vote: Ciera. John. John. Two votes John. John. That's three  votes John, one vote Ciera. Third person voted out of "Survivor: Blood  vs. Water," John, that's four. You need to bring me your torch. John,  the tribe has spoken. You will have a chance to get back in this game. Grab  your torch, head to Redemption Island. Good luck.  Jeff: Well, based on tonight's blind side it appears you're voting people out  based on the future. It also appears that with each vote the tribe is getting  weaker. Grab your torches, head back to camp. Good night. Captioning brought  to you by Survivor productions, cbs, captioned by media access group at wgbh  access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor" --  i've been a target my whole life. This is nothing new.  Jeff: Brad thinks he's in control of the game.  I'm the grand poobah. It's natural for me to lead my family.  Jeff: But he goes from the driver's seat to the hot seat.  Have I shush add woman?  You fell about this small.  Ask John! Ask John!  You're a child.  Knew no clue that was coming together.  Candice, it's me. Yeah.  What happened?  I don't know. I feel like there was so much wool pulled over my eyes and I bought  it hook, line, and sinker. Now we're out here and --  that's not good! That's not good!