<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor"...  Returning players over here, new players over there.  Jeff: In blood versus water, returning players were forced to compete against  their loved ones, and at Redemption Island arena, it was clear the game was  taking its toll on everyone.  We haven't wanted to vote anybody out, but we've had. To.  Brad, the leader of tadhana, took most of the blame.  Brad.  While Colton took the easy way out.  I can't do this.  Meaning you're quitting again?  Yes.  Jeff: Grab your stuff, head out, the boat will pick you up. Quitting on the  game and his tribe mates for the second time. When Candice won her second  dual in a row, she gave another clue to her husband John, and he shared it  with his closest ally, Brad.  In the water.  Jeff: Meanwhile, at galang, a majority alliance was forming.  This is it right here, this is the five to be in.  It is Tyson, Aras, Gervase, Tina and me. Everybody in this alliance has had a  lot of life experience.  Jeff: At the immunity challenge --  Tyson is in quickly -- Tyson injured his shoulder, but it didn't stop galang  from winning immunity for the third time in a row. Galang wins! Facing  another tribal council, tald tad's play was to take out the weak.  Ciera hasn't done anything in any challenge. I don't think she's helping us  that much.  We can't afford to have John and Candice back in the game. He needs to go.  It's been five guys since day one. If we vote one out now, it could be like  opening pandora's box.  <br/>Jeff: At tribal council, tadhana side with John. John, the tribe has spoken.  Sending John to Redemption Island to battle his wife. 14 are left. Who will  be voted out tonight?  Candice, it's me. Yeah.  What are you doing here?  I'm completely shocked. No clue that was coming tonight. Brad told me we were  close. I sort of believed him, sort of didn't, you know, but he reassured me  enough that I felt comfortable it wasn't going to be me tonight.  I knew you were going to be too trusting of people.  Now we're out here.  No, that's not good.  That's not good!  I'm disappointed. I wish I could have been there to give him more pointers  and to keep him on his toes, but he's so trusting. And I love that about him,  but it doesn't help you win "Survivor."  i love you. How have you been here without me?  I wanted to be here without you the whole time.  Good work, guys. That was a doozy.  Not easy.  Epic blindside.  He was getting nervous towards the end.  Yeah, he was.  He's not a good liar. But I hooked him in from day one. I was like, John, you're  my guy. You know, he's military. When we blindsided John tonight, I spearheaded  the thinking of the future. If this were Survivor 26 or Survivor 25, we would  have stayed five guys all the way through. This is loved ones. John had no  connection on the other side. We need to think about connections. Our loved  ones need to understand, if we're not going to win on their own, they need to  trip. They need to understand the strategy of this "Survivor." this  is not us against them, this is some against others.  Brad says it does make sense to keep people around that do have a loved one.  I'm a little bit more vulnerable because I have no loved one. Everybody left  on this tribe has a loved one except for me. Who knows what's going to  happen, but I can definitely see myself in trouble.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Galang getting your first look at the new tadhana  tribe. John voted out at the last tribal council. We'll now bring in the  competitors for today's duel, Candice, Marissa and John. So, Candice, because  you're not in the game, you have no idea when somebody's coming to  redemption, certainly don't know who is coming. What was the reaction last  night when your husband walked in?  Um, I was really upset.  Jeff: Upset sad, upset mad?  Oh, jeff, upset all, like I wanted somebody to come that, you know, he and I could  work together to beat.  Jeff: Somebody you could hate.  Somebody I could hate, like Brad culpepper.  Just, you know, look away. You're a child.  Jeff: Monocash every time we come here, your husband gets drilled.  All I can say is there's not just one person voting. There's an entire --  it's been 8-1 and 4-1.  We've been listening to the people who get voted off about how he's shushing  the women.  Have I shushed a woman? Ask John?  I didn't see it.  When Marissa came to our camp, she saw about this much...  Ask your husband if i've hushed anybody. Have you heard me hush anybody?  Didn't hush me.  He didn't hush a man that's bigger than him that can beat his ass.  I will say that accusations aside, everybody that's been voted out and sent  to Redemption Island, every single time it's been Brad's idea. He lied to me  all the time, and he's not someone to be trusted, so people should start  thinking about, that maybe start thinking about trying to knock the king off  his throne.  You made a wrong decision in trusting me.  Jeff: On my go, you'll race across the ladder bridge while maneuvering a key.  When you reach the end, use the key to unlock a bag. Then use the pieces  inside to solve a very complicated Survivor puzzle. First two to finish stay  alive, last person to finish is out for good. In addition, the winner of this  duel will decide who gets a clue to the location of the hidden immunity idol.  Pick your spots. We'll get started. Here we go. Two will survive. One will be  out for good. Survivors ready? Go! Get up on that structure. John off to a  fast start. Marissa right there. Candice in it. You're maneuvering that key.  That key is what you need to unlock the bag of puzzle pieces. John and Marissa  neck and neck. Candice falling behind a little bit. Marissa at the end. She's  already working on her lock. John now working on his lock. It's Marissa and John.  John has his bag of puzzle pieces free. Marissa has her bag free.  You're doing good.  Jeff: This is a complicated "Survivor" puzzle. The puzzle is going  to take you a while. Candice has her bag of puzzle pieces free. Everybody  working on their puzzle now. This will be square when it is finished. There's  a symbol on top. John off to a fast start with another piece. And another.  Marissa off to a quick start. Candice slow and steady, separating her pieces.  John on a roll. Marissa with another piece.  Let's go. Here we go.  Jeff: Starting to come together. Candice falling behind a little bit. You got  to pick it up. John with another piece. John starting to pull away in this  challenge.  Come on, Marissa. Let's go, let's go.  It's coming together.  Jeff: Marissa picking up the pace now. John flying through this. It's like he  designed this himself. Candice places a piece. Always calm unless she's  yelling at culpepper.  You cut my baby, I cut you.  Jeff: John continues his progress with another piece.  I think I can get John to like me again.  John, right-hand side.  Jeff: Of all people to give John a hand, it's Brad culpepper. John with  another piece. John getting very close to winning this. John checking. Does  he have it right? John wins this duel and will live to see another day.  Candice and Marissa now fighting for that second spot. If you lose, you're  done in this game. Marissa getting frustrated by this puzzle. Candice's  methodical approach starteding to pay off.  Here you go, babe.  Jeff: Candice with another piece. Now Candice with a bit of a lead. Marissa  falling behind.  Look at John. He's already got the top done.  It's not helping me at all.  Jeff: Marissa quickly falling out of this duel. Candice getting closer.  Stop, stop, look at John. See how all his gray are on the same side? That's  how yours should be.  Jeff: Candice with another piece, getting dangerously close now. Candice very  close to winning this and staying alive. Is she right? Candice survives. John  and Candice, husband and wife, live to see another day. Marissa is out of  this game. [applause] John, Candice, congratulations. Marissa, after nine  days in this game, your shot at the $1 million is over. Gervase, what do you  make of your niece's effortses out here?  I'm impressed. I'm proud of you. Kudos to you. You've just given me a little  more oomph that i've needed to go further in this game. You know how we do.  Jeff: Marissa, your time on Survivor is over. Grab your stuff. You can toss  your buff in the air. [applause] all right, John, in addition to staying  alive, you won this dual, which means you decide who gets the clue. You can  give a clue to anyone you want on any tribe for the location of the hidden  immunity idol. Who do you want to give it to?  Just give it to Monica.  Jeff: Does she tell you what to do all the time?  She does. I don't always listen.  Yes, that's what husbands and wives do.  Jeff: What are you going to do?  I'll give the clue to Monica.  Jeff: Why?  Spread it around. There was a target on my back.  Jeff: So you're trying to get rid of a culpepper.  We're really not interested.  Walk it down and put it in the fire.  I don't think our tribe is interested.  Everybody recognizes at this point that when you get that hidden immunity  idol clue the target is on your back. Monica very smartly burned it.  That's the first time that has ever happened.  Doing what she's told.  Not only does Monica not want it, she burns it so nobody else will have it.  We're done here. You two stay alive. Grab your stuff and head back to  redemption and await your next duel.  Why not just throw it away? I'm in a good position over here, but it worries  that constantly when I go to duels people are so aggressive towards my  husband.  It would be great to be redeemed and hang around with you.  The silver lining to getting voted off my tribe and sent to Redemption Island  is I came out into this game the play with Candice. In a weird way I should  thank Brad and the rest of my tribe for giving me the opportunity to hang out  with my wife on this beautiful beach and still be in the game and all I have  to do is win duels and I get back in.  That's a good one.  You're jealous I caught more than you.  I'm not jealous. I'm stoked. I'm hungry.  This will be a fun story to tell the kids one day. And in the end, if he win,  fabulous. If I win, fabulous.  I really wanted to play the game with you. I just didn't want to do it like  this.  I just don't understand. It's like, can't anybody see that the ultimate  sacrifice is being made by the loved ones on the other side? I don't know  what to say. If anybody has any logic that they can bestow upon me, i'd  appreciate it. It's hard to see.  I just think it's... People have hurt feelings and they're bitter and mad.  If I know Brad, he's up first, he's got the fire going, he's making sure  everybody has water. He's catching fish, he's doing everything that he can to  make it easier for our loved ones on the other side, and I guess that just  puts a target on your back.  Is there ever going to be a duel that my husband is not verbally accosted by  a bunch of people that don't even know him? Shooting someone a bird that you  don't even know just seems...  It's hard to watch.  You know, leaders have followers, and if that's the case, then somebody's  buying what he's selling, but Brad is the strongest one out here. If he makes  it to the merge, I won't believe it.  The only thing I have to say is you know Brad as Brad cull peper from tampa.  You don't know Brad from Survivor. That's all I’m saying to you for you just  to open your eyes just a little bit. Even if he's just a little bit devious,  that's part of the game. He got rid of risk centennial park kudos for him.  They're playing the game. That's how I look at it. I guess you don't want to  be your loved one is the one that is the bad guy, quote/unquote, that's  getting rid of people, but somebody has to be. One of our loved ones is  running the show. I know it's not mine, so it's somebody else's, but kudos to  you.  Well, thank you for the support. I appreciate it. And I won't let you guys  down over here, that's for sure.  I just love that Candice called Monica out on the quote/unquote doing what Brad  says when Candice was the one who said, "give it to Monica."  you going to do what your man says?  Today is a rough day. I wasn't expecting Candice to be so personal.  Like you girls do whatever you're told.  Oh, you going to do what your man says? Everyone assumes I’m the grand  pooh-bah. It's natural for me to lead my family. I have become leader of this  group.  They're mad if we vote out a loved one and somebody's mad when we don't.  Nobody's mad at you guys. They're mad at me.  Thinking ahead, should we lose the next challenge, Caleb is unconnected, and  I could send a message to the other side that we're wanting to play ball with  you guys, and it also takes some heat off me at Redemption Island. If Caleb  rolls out there on the arena floor, nobody's going to be screaming at me.  I've been a targets my whole life. This is nothing new.  It's turned into not Redemption Island. It's the Brad bashing hour. That's  what it is. Brad is public enemy number one. We see that every time we've  been to Redemption Island.  It's weird because I know he just totally schanked josh.  Schanked him so hard.  It's good for us to keep Brad so when we get the merge, it takes the heat off  of us.  If we do lose and we have to go to tribal council, it's going to be one of  the girls going out.  But we also got to make sure he don't get John.  I think me, Hayden and Vytas are pretty solid. Brad's the low man on the  i keep trying to do normal stuff with it and then I remember...  Not a good idea.  Yeah, that it's in pain.  Take it easy, man. I'm going to go get some wood. Tyson, stay down.  I'll stay here.  Deefl don't help. I want you to rest.  I hurt my shoulder at the immunity challenge. Every day it gets a little bit  better, but I do like to play it up a little bit because then I have to do  less work around camp. Hopefully that also keeps them in sympathy with me.  Are they out far enough?  Yeah. Let's go this way.  Me and Gervase, we have a thing going where we sneak off and drink a couple  coconuts. We've been opening them a different way so people wouldn't realize  we've been chopping them. I would really like the keep eating those coconuts.  I can't wait until they wring all those coconuts down and just examine each  and every one of them.  The coconut bandits are back.  They all have little cuts. They all have the little...  They've been eating them.  I know.  They all have that.  We should leave them.  Rupert's law, cannot get coconut off the brain. I thought our cover was blown  right then and there. I thought, oh, man, how are we getting to explain that.   Has that been eaten or does it have a crack in it.  Oh, it does. No wonder.  Then Monica's like, it's probably a crab. Thank you, monocamp  can't the crab just share a coconut.  So far so good. Operation coconut is still running smooth. If everybody knew  about it, somebody's going to get pissed, so I’m keeping this to ourselves.  Me and Tyson, who would have thought.  Most of the coconuts are like that. They're drilled into.  I don't know what they dork they dig into it.  Then they eat it and obviously the milk is spoiled.  I'm definitely with Gervase right now. If that lasts through to the finals,  so be it. It would definitely be in Gervase' best interests to stick with me,  as well, because we both lost our loved one in the game. Aras still has his.  If Vytas makes it to the merge, he'll work with Vytas. They're the strongest  consume cumulatively, so to have them both I think is a huge danger.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to today's immunity  challenge? First things first, I will take back the idol once again.  You can just leave it here, jeff.  Jeff: Once again immunity is back up for grabs. On my go, you will paddle out  to a series of crates. You'll dive down, release the crate, put it in your  boat. Once you have all five, you'll use them to build a staircase. Two tribe  members must then solve the puzzle revealing the combination that releases  the key. The first tribe to find the right key can use it to raise their flag  and win immunity. You're safe from the vote. Losers, tribal council, somebody  will be voted out and sent to Redemption Island. In addition you are playing  for reward. Want to know what you're playing for?  All: Yes.  Jeff: The winning tribe, tea and coffee, croissant, business -- biscotti.  Light those tastebuds up with something they haven't had for a while. Or if  you like you can trade it for fishing gear. Galang has it. They know how  valuable it is. Tadhana may choose that. Galang two extra members, it ising  two people out. Who is it going to be? Tina and Kat going to sit out for  galang. Tyson with your arm in a sling, you feel you're more helpful in what  is clearly going to be a strenuous challenge than Tina or Kat?  I can do it.  My shoulder does still hurt, but it is getting better every day. The thing,  is I’m better than most everybody on my tribe with one arm, so I want to win.   Tina, Kat, take a spot on the bench. Everybody else strategize. We'll get  started. Here we go. For immunity and reward, Survivors ready. Go! Get that  boat in the water.  Let's go, galang. Will rest go.  Jeff: Tadhana working well together.  Turn it.  Paddle.  Are you kidding me?  Jeff: Galang in early trouble. Tadhana with an early lead. Just like they've  had in so many challenges. But they have yet to deliver a win. It's got to go  around your flag to your first crate.  Forward, forward!  I'm ready, baby.  Jeff: Hayden in the water for tadhana. Galang still has to get out and around  their flag before they can even start. Hayden has released the first crate  for tadhana. Galang is now passed their flag. They can start working on their  first crate. Laura in the water. Tadhana has their first crate, heading to  the second one. Brad in the water for tadhana. Laura quickly releases that  crate. In record time. Tadhana continues with its lead. Culpepper has the  second crate for tadhana. They're heading out now to their third. It's Monica  now in the water for the second crate for galang. Culpepper going to go again  for tadhana. Monica culpepper coming up for galang. She's released the second  crate. Brad culpepper up with the third crate for tadhana. Tadhana nearly  tips their boat. These crates weigh a lot. Laura with another crate. Galang  has their third crate. Culpepper has another crate for tadhana. Tadhana with  four crates. Galang with three. There are five total. Monica culpepper back  in the water. Tadhana heading for that fifth and final crate. Brad culpepper  in the water again. Galang has their fourth crate. The cull peppers have  dominated in this challenge. Brad with another great effort under water has  fifth and final crate for tadhana. Galang looking for that fifth and final  crate. Laura back in the water again. Tadhana loses two crates in the water.  Disaster for tadhana, opening the door for galang, who now has their fifth  crate. They can head back. Hayden in the water trying to retrieve a crate.  Galang was behind, now has the lead. Tadhana has their five crates back in.  Galang is back with all five. Start unloading those crates up on the deck.  Tadhana now working their way back. Tadhana squandered a huge lead.  Go go,, go go, go, go,.  Jeff: Tadhana is back. They're losing the crates. You got to get all five  crates up on the deck before you can start building the staircase.  Good job. Great job.  Jeff: Get 'em up here. Let's go. Keep moving. Go!  Go, go.  Jeff: Go, tadhana, get that rope off there. Everybody working on the  staircase now.  This is the first one here. This has to be.  Jeff: Dwal -- galang working together. They think they have something.  This is the beginning, I promise you.  Jeff: It will spell out blood versus water on the side. You'll know if it's  right. We are neck and neck. Galang has not lost a single challenge this  season.  This is the very top.  Jeff: Tadhana has not won one. Both tribes getting closer.  We got it, jeff.  Jeff: You've got it. Tadhana has it. Start working on the puzzle.  Go, go go, go, go,.  Jeff: Galang has it. It is Vytas and Ciera and Tyson and lauren. Last time Ciera  went up against her mom in a puzzle, her mom won. Ciera would love a victory  here. The puzzle is a combination that you need to release the key. That key  will open your lock, allowing you to raise your tribe's flag and celebrate a  victory. This challenge has been back and forth. Galang was trailing. Now  back in the lead.  Right there, right there.  Jeff: Tadhana's going to have to pick it up.  What is that word?  Galang getting very close to finishing their puzzle. It's exactly what  happened the last time laura showed down against her daughter Ciera.  Come on, Ciera.  Come on, galang.  Jeff: Galang has their puzzle solved. Start working on the combination.  Tadhana's got the keep moving.  Good job, good job!  Jeff: Tyson thinks they have it solved. Galang can smell victory again.  Tadhana still struggling.  Okay.  Jeff: Tyson unties the key. Tyson heading up. If he's right, galang wins and  remains undefeated. Is he right? And he is. Galang wins immunity and reward  and remains undefeated in "Survivor: Blood vs. Water."  great job, great job, great job!  I want Ciera to succeed, because you want your kids to succeed so bad, and  you want them to win, but yet I have a tribe of people that are counting on  me, as well. I knew she couldn't beat me. And she could be going home.  Jeff: Galang, another victory. You have yet to be without this. No tribal  council again tonight. In addition, nice reward. Come grab your stuff, head  back the camp, enjoy it. Tadhana, tribal council once again, where somebody  will be voted out of your tribe and sent to Redemption Island. Grab your  stuff, head back the camp. You know the routine. We'll see you at tribal  tonight.  Unbelievable. We haven't won yet. I mean, we suck. And it's so disheartening,  too, because clearly we're a bigger, stronger, more athletic team, but today  we lost to a one-armed dude and three moms. That's brutal. Brutal.  I'm coming.  After a loss it's always a routine. The guys will go get water, which is code  for go strategize against the girls, and the girls make rice, which is code  for how do we save our asses. Today was interesting.  So it's a no-brainer. Caleb. I reckon you guys want to believe me.  Brad said, I’m voting Caleb. So then I’m like, okay. Well Brad could be  telling the truth or he might not be, but I’m going to act like I believe  him. I sat there and said, yes, I believe you 100%, but really do i?  If we do another challenge and we lose, you know, then it's nut-cutting time.   Yeah.  Brad?  Yeah.  You coming?  Yeah, I am.  I'm not lying to you.  I love Ciera, but she's worthless.  That's the second puzzle that cici's not been that strong on. Hayden and Vytas  and myself were all on board with voting Ciera. That's what we went to  discuss. When Brad never showed up behind us, I started thinking, what kind  of stunt could Brad be working on because we all went to the well and Brad  stayed behind with the two girl, so it was a little fishy. We just got rid of  John, so as easy as it went down from five guys to four guys, it could just  as easily go down to three guys.  I got the girls convinced it's Caleb.  I really think Ciera tonight.  You think Ciera?  Yeah.  Where I don't trust Brad 100%, I feel confident in Hayden and Vytas they'll  have my back, so Ciera sounds good to me.  As the de facto leader here, I have to make some decisions. I talk to the  girl, they're obviously in for voting off Caleb. But Ciera is terrible on the  challenge. Getting rid of her will make this tribe stronger. Going beyond all  the love connections and everything else, I want the make the tribe strong,  so I’m not worried about Redemption Island and the heat I will take. I'm sure  if Ciera shows up, i'll take heat from her mom. Doesn't matter, Ciera's going  home.  Jeff: So Brad, when you sit at home and fantasize about playing "Survivor:  Blood vs. "Survivor," how it goes?  No, this is not how I envisioned it. Some challenges we lose on strength. Two  we lost on puzzles. Ciera volunteered for both of those and we loves.  Jeff: So Ciera, did you go back the camp feeling, maybe they should vote me  out?  Well, there's a sense of like, okay, Ciera, maybe you aren't at good as  puzzles as you think you are obviously, but at the same time, I’m not going  to sit around and bitch about it and sit there and wine and give up and vote  me out. I'm going to try to figure our where can I benefit somebody, try to  figure out options and where to go.  <br/>Jeff: Brad, at every Redemption Island duel, you take grief for who this  tribe votes out.  Yeah. And it's tough when you got your dirty laundry getting aired. The stuff  they're saying is incorrect yet the other tribe doesn't know that. They're  assuming it's correct. And unlike "Survivor" past, go have loved  ones on the other side, so if you ignore that, you're not doing what's smart  in this "Survivor: Blood vs. Water."  Jeff: So you're saying it would be great to vote out somebody without a loved  one because nobody from the other tribe will be mad.  Yeah. That's a valid point. No doubt about it. It would be a lot easier  tomorrow, you know, you got to weigh it all in. And don't think that wasn't  factor in trying to figure out who is the best one to go home.  Caleb, did you feel that pressure?  I did feel that pressure. You know, maybe it's the "the blind  side," the taste in the mouth and you want more of it. I love a  blindside, do I want to be the butt of it? No, I don't. I was fine being the  goat. When we tell somebody we're voting and we're really not, but that's  where it should have ended instead of me feeling like the calf being led to  slaughter. So I’m obviously the low man on the totem pole.  No, no, you're not.  But you campaigned against me today.  I didn't campaign against you. There was conversation. Campaign is a bad  word. I wasn't campaigning against you.  Hayden, now you have a real problem. Caleb has a bad taste in his mouth.  Definitely it's going to create some cracks. We have some patch work to do.  The problem is once you distrust somebody, it's really hard to regain their  trust, especially in a game like this, jeff.  Jeff: Caleb, what does this tribe need to do to get your trust back because  you do have a value, without a loved one, you can go anywhere you want.  I don't know. I trust Vytas and Hayden. Brad is on the fence right now. The  way that I’m feeling, I don't want you to go home. I'm going to write Brad's  name down. You all can do what you want to, but that's three up front and the  guys back there, you all can decide what you all want to do.  Jeff: Wow. Ciera, that's throwing it out there.  Oh, my gosh, it's like you come into this game and you make this whole plan  out, and then this happens. So I think that nobody should feel comfortable  and everybody should feel on edge in this game and you just have to just roll  with it.  I'm not writing your name down, Caleb.  That's fine.  You can write my name down, I understand, but I’m not  I’m just shocked that Caleb will be writing Brad's name down.  Uh-huh.  Wow.  All right. Wow.  That's what I’m doing you all. It's up to you all. The ball's in you all's  court. That's what I’m doing. The challenges Brad takes the reins. It's not  him. We all degree, but maybe there's another problem. I don't know.  Are you going to do that?  I'm not going to do that, no.  Jeff: All right. I'm excited to see what happens. It is time to vote. Caleb,  you're up.  Sorry, dude. You mess with the bull, you get the horns.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so. All right. Once the votes  are read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave  the tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Brad.  Ciera. Ciera. Brad. That's three votes Ciera, two votes Brad, one vote left.  Brad. We have a tie. Here's how it's going to work. We're going to revote.  Brad and Ciera, you will not vote. The other four, you can only vote for Brad  or Ciera. Caleb, you want the grab this.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. Once the votes are read, the decision is  final, the person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area  immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Brad. Ciera. Brad. Two votes Brad.  One vote Ciera. One vote left. Fourth person voted out of "Survivor"  blood versus water, Brad. You need to bring me your torch.  I'm not mad at you. I'm not mad at you. I'm not angry. Good luck. I'll try to  get back inch I’m not mad at you. I made a bad move.  Jeff: Brad, the tribe has spoken. You will have chance to get back in this  game.  I'll try.  Jeff: Grab your torch and head to Redemption Island. Good luck.  That's going to be fun.  What happened?  Jeff: Well, that was one of the most shocking votes and potentially one of  the biggest shifts of power that's ever happened at tribal council, and  hopefully it's exactly what this tribe needs. Grab your torches. Head back  the camp. Good night. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions and  cbs, captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor"...  I can kind of control this game right now.  Jeff: After blowing up tribal council, Caleb's ready to make some more noise.   Do I feel powerful now? I think the word is "big kahuna."  Jeff: And the culpeppers are looking to make a move of their own.  Can I take your spot?  John an Candice, before you guys hit me, I wave the white flag.  I was dead asleep and I hear the sweetest voice I ever wanted to hear on Redemption  Island, Brad culpepper. Now I have my chance to put him out of the game for  good.