<br/>Previously on Survivor: The  returning players were in control of the game. They were led by a majority  alliance of five. Their only worry was knowing that their loved ones were  being voted out. And at Redemption Island, Brad culpepper was taking all the  blame.  She's shushing the women.  Have I shushed a woman.  [ bleep ] you, Brad culpepper.  Jeff: For the loved ones, things went from Brad bad to worse. When they lost  their fourth immunity challenge in a row. Galang remains undefeated.  I want my daughter to succeed yet I have a tribe of people counting on me as  well.  Jeff: The men planned to take out one of the girls. But Caleb caught wind of  another plan.  Caleb.  At tribal council, Caleb took the game into his own hands.  I don't want you to go home. I'm going to write Brad's name down.  Jeff: Wow! That is throwing it out there. Qings tadhana to throw out their  leader, Brad the tribe has spoken. That was one of the biggest shifts of  power that has ever happened at tribal council. 13 are left, who will be  voted out tonight. Wow, you guys. I didn't mean to back you all into a corner  there.  Woo.  I couldn't help.  What the heck. Tribal was unreal.  Are you upset?  I love sear atoo. If this is Brad's time it's bread time.  Now I see that they had no clue Caleb was going to do that. If I can get Caleb  switch over to me and Katie, me and Katie have the numbers. Either way, I’m happy  to be here another day.  That was unbelievable.  Touche. Good stuff.  Did you have that planned?  No. It just festered. I thought it had just festered until I just couldn't  keep it down. You know, going into tribal, I thought I don't really feel good  about Brad any more. I'm never trust him again so I just brought it out.  Huge move, bro.  Don't know what to say, to be honest. I was blown away.  Caleb pulled a fast one, and doing so, kind of, like, screwed me and Vytas.  Crazy, crazy, crazy.  I don't know if that means he's with the girls and Vytas and I are on the  outs. I have no clue where I stand I have no clue where I stand right now in  the tribe. Right now in the tribe.  Well, Caleb made a good move. Kudos to him. He knows the game. I guess he learned  a little bit from Colton. I was a little nervous because I knew John and Candice  were here. I blindside John and Candice had choice words for me the last time  I saw her. John and Candice. Before you guys hit me, I’m waving the white  flag. So you don't wake up and freak out that I’m here. Candice, I’m sorry.  Okay.  It's a game. I didn't want it to end up this way.  I was dead asleep, and I hear the sweetest voice that I evermented to hear on  Redemption Island-- Brad culpepper.  I am shocked that you're here here. I expected to see Brad on Redemption  Island at some point. People make decisions and try to make bold moves and  sometimes it bites them in the ass. It looks like it did bite Brad in the  ass. A little vindication there.  I understand you're angry. I apologize for whatever. Quite frankly, I’m glad  that I’m not going to get abused and ideal at, at Redemption Island.  Brad came in trying to say no hard feelings. But his wife vote me out on day  one, and he voted John when John trust him. I have no love for him.  It was all business. It wasn't personal at all. Your real alliance is your  spowrks your loved one.  Brad can say all he wants, but in this game, it's kill or be killed, and he's  on our island now, redemption piemed so I have my chance to put him out of  the game for good.  We can see! [ cheers ] [ cheers ]  oh, feels so nice.  Oh, feels so nice.  Yes, everywhere. In this game of "Survivor" you need too get a  group of people that you trust and you need to get people to like you. And  that's what I’m trying to do in this game.  Thank you so much, laura. This is so needed.  I like Aras. And we like being around each other because we can just calm  each other. I hope that Aras has the same feeling and has the same trust in  me that I have in him.  I like nice lats, nice shoulders.  I think Laura M. Somehow thinks she's playing me by cuddling up next to me  which couldn't be from the truth. I'm not thinking thanks for flirting with  me and I’m going to go ahead and keep you in my alliance.  Oh, right there. It's what I needed. Right now, essentially my core alliance  is me, Monica, Tina, Tyson, Gervase. That's three people that aren't in, and  I think Laura M., she's smart, she's perceptive. I think she knows she's on  the outs so she's doing whatever she can to get herself in the good graces of  the people she thinks will help her get further in the game.  Where did you learn to do this, maura m.?  I've been married 20 years.  Oh, night time at camp. All of the veterans on the tribe have this unspoken  bond. They've all done "Survivor" before. I have not. I'm still  slowly getting to know everyone. Gervase, I got blanky space. I got blanket  space.  I'm good.  Okay. Well, for future reference. I don't have that toablgths emotional  connection that they all have, and I still do feel like the outsider, the new  girl in town. It makes this game very it makes this game very difficult.  Difficult.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! Galang, getting your first look at the new tadhana  tribe. Brad voted out at the last tribal council. We'll now bring in the  competitors for today's duel. Candice, John, and Brad.  I'm so sorry.  It's okay.  I can take your spot?  Monica. You're my rock. I adore you. You're never going to take my spot. I'm  going to battle. I'll get back.  I love you so much. I'm so incredibly sorry.  Honey, I adore you. But I’m not here because I’m a jerk, and I wanted to make  that clear to everybody over there. These guys already know it.  This tribe knows it, too.  Jeff: So, Brad, a lot of the negative energy thrown your way came from Candice.   Yes.  Jeff: Which is interesting, Candice, given that you've had the most to say  about culpepper and a lot of things going on in both tribes and yet you  haven't spent a single second at either camp.  Yeah, I was just repeating things I heard from people that were voted out,  and they were pretty adamant about the things that they said. It's their word  against his.  And his and his and his.  And they're still in the game.  And hers and hers and hers and his.  And maybe that's a really good lesson to learn, Candice, because you really  hurt my feelings, too, screaming obscenities--  Monica, you hurt my feelings where you wrote my name down.  Jeff: Let's get to your duel. Meers how it is going to work. Take apart a  crate and use the planks to build a bridge. Once you complete the bridge,  you'll take apart the bridge and use the planks to soft puzzle. First two  people to finish their pud puzzle stay alive in this game, continue their  quest to get back in and a shot at the million dollars. The last person to  finish is out for good. Your time in this game is over. Candice, John, Brad.  Take your spots, we'll get started. All right, here we go. Regardless,  somebody is about to lose a loved one. Monica is going to lose Brad or John  and Candice are going to use of lose one or the other. Survivors ready? Go.  The first step is just take that crate apart. Because these are the planks  you're going to use to build your bridge. Candice and John going to start  work right away. Brad going to take all his planks out at once.  Brad, take them from the bottom up.  Jeff: Candice off to a quick lead in just another duel. She has owned Redemption  Island arena. Nobody has beat Candice. John and Brad vying for second right  now, quickly behind.  Let's go, Brad!  Jeff: Candice is flying through this. John in second, Brad in last right now.   Stay calm, Brad.  Jeff: John is wrong. He's got to head back. That opens the door for Brad.  Nice work.  Jeff: Brad now ahead of John.  Nice, baby, you're doing awesome.  Jeff: This is very close. Nobody wants to go happy. Too much game left to  play. We're only 11 days in. Candice started out with the lead early. Now  she's slowing down.  You're doing awesome.  Jeff: Wow, we are neck and neck. Literally, everybody placing pieces at the  same time. Once you finish your bridge, then you're going to take it apart  and use these planks to solve the puzzle. Brad with another piece. John with  another piece. He's one away. Candice is now in third John will be the first  to finish his bridge. You have to touch here. John now going to start taking  it apart. He's looking for planks that have paint on them. They're going to  help him solve the puzzle.  Good job, Brad! Good job, Brad!  Jeff: Brad is now done.  Good job, darling.  Jeff: Brad is now look for puzzle pieces. Now Candice can take her bridge  apart. Are you looking for pieces that have paint on the bottom. Those are  the ones you need. The others you can discard. Brad and John ripping through  this. John has all of his pieces.  Take your time. You're doing fantastic.  Jeff: Brad has all of his pieces.  Go, culpepper!  Jeff: Monica getting a lot of support for her husband. Wandis and John only  have each other. Candice has all of her pieces. You have 12 husbandle pieces.  You only need eight. Four of them don't go anywhere.  Ying yang in the middle.  Jeff: This is it. Two will stay alive. One is going home. John making quick  work on his puzzle. John has it. John wins a duel. It is now Candice and Brad.  Looking for the second spot.  Come oBrad!  There you go. That's not right, either.  Jeff: Culpepper very close.  Get the yellow.  Jeff: Candice very close. It's Candice and Brad right now. One will move oone  will not.  Come oculpepper!  Put the sim bell together in the middle.  Get the symbol together, the yin yang. Replace the middle one yes, yes, yes.  Done, done, done!  Jeff: Does Brad have it? Brads that. Culpepper stays alive. John stays alive.  Cand sisute cand sis out of this game. John congratulations, Brad,  congratulations on staying alive. Candice, what is the feeling now? You're  not only leaving the game. You're leaving your husband out here to fight for  himself.  I think i'd have to say this is the hardest. You know, I came out here with  my loved one. So it's different than come out with 20 strangers.  Jeff: John, what's it like for you, less than a foot separates you from your  wife but she's about to leave and you will be out here alone. And on top of  that,un how much she wants to play.  It's absolutely miserable. I mean, the heartbreak in seeing her voted out  first because I knew how hard that was for her. Then not switching with her,  and now, like, sending her home, it's just-- it's awful.  Jeff: Candice, your time in this game is done. You have a good-bye with John.  Go ahead and have it.  Won't occur about me.  I know, I know, you're tough. Go have some cheeseburgers for me.  No more tears, okay?  Jeff: Reporter, Candice it's time for you to go. Toss your buff in the urn on  your way out.  Bye, guys. Have fun. Bye, jeff. [ applause ] love you.  Jeff: All right, John, because you won the duel, you get to decide who gets  the clue, the location of an idol. I think i'll give it to Monica again.  Jeff: Monica. Here's your clue. Now last time you threw this clue in the  fire. Are you going to keep this one? Or are you going to burn it again?  Throw it in the fire.  Throw it in the fire.  It's no good.  It's no good.  Jeff: John, Brad, congratulations. You stay alive. You continue your quest to  get back in this game and another shot at the million dollars. Grab your  stuff. Head back to Redemption Island. Await your next competitor and your  next duel. All right, guys, head on back to camp.  Thanks for your cheers and support.  He's not out.  No. Listen, it's a game.  I would be very surprised if he didn't come back in the game.  Well, thank you for your words of encouragement. Today was probably the most  demoralized I have been out here. I didn't think Brad was going to be there.  But he'll be fine. He'll pull himself up by his boot straps and he'll come  off that Redemption Island and we can meet up and scramble our way to the  end. It's okay. It's "Survivor." we're the same person. If one of  us is here, we're both here.  Right.  However it turns out.  Brad and Monica are a very tight couple. And that's very threatening.  I feel good. I feel fine. Brad's there. If he can just hang on a little bit  more, and come back, from Redemption Island.  Yup.  And we see how it all goes. But, please, know, that doesn't affect my  situation with you and I hope that doesn't affect your situation.  I think Monica realizes she doesn't have her guy out here as a backup  anymore. So I think she's going to step up hir game play a little bit.  I think that our group will stay alive, and then after the merge, zeal to see  who has got loved ones and do they come in? Do they go out? Where do they  stand?  I can't say 100% trust Monica. She's either going to be a big threat or she's  going to be a great asset. I just haven't determined which one of these she  is yet.  So we're good.  He's not a dumb jock. He's a lawyer, too. He's a lawyer, too.  Yup.  Yup.  If nobody else does, i'll have it.  It's all you.  Thanks, guys. The game of "Survivor," there are so many layers to  it. There's the basic layer of strog survive, having to find food, having to  find shelter, dealing with the heat.  This sand is hot.  I haven't, you know, brushed my teeth. And then to have on top of that  injuries, whether it be scrapes on our legs. I'm covered in bug bites. I've  never had so many on my face omy neck, on my back. We're beat up. I don't  know if it could get any worse. At this point we're losing. We're, you know,  slowly our bodies are disintegrating. We've had it rough.  This is-- along here is irritated. From wearing wet shoes all the time I got  10ia, it's like athlete's foot. It burns. You get little sores and they can  very painful when you walk, and it's under your to nails. I lost a tow nail.  You lost a toenail?  Oh, man. That's gonna fall off.  Yeah, it's, like, coming off. Disgusting.  I feel like you could break her toes off. That's what they look like. They're  red. They're crusting. Her toenails are falling off.  This toenail fell off too.  It's not something I choose to look at because it sings me a little bit but I  feel bad for the girl.  They definitely look irritated.  We're all licking our wounds. Our egos are still a little bruised by all the  losing. If we keep losing, how do I align myself at this point? How is this  going to shake out, and how do I make sure to come out on the other side as  unscathed as possible? I love Ciera, she's such a spunky little girl, man.  Man.  There's no point in this game where anybody will be 100% with Caleb after  what he did. Somebody who can turn on a dime like that. As Caleb did in  tribal council voting out Brad is somebody you have to really finesse and  make sure they feel okay emotionally. It's so cool out here. Like, those two  girls in real life would never even meet let alone get along with each other,  you know. Out here, they're thick as thieves, those two, best friends. But  same thing me and you, man. Like, when would we ever connect?  I can read people pretty well but I can't quite get a read on Caleb. You  know, a quiet woodsman from alabama. It's important right now they ensure Caleb  is still with me. So, you know, of course I’m so, you know, of course I’m trying  to be nice to Caleb. Trying to be nice to Caleb. [ laughs ].  After blindsiding Brad, I’m in a position to where I could swing with the  girls or I could swing with the guys. Do I feel powerful now? I think the  word is i've occurred is big kahonas. I think I hold a lot of power with my  vote. It's good to be the swing vote. Been so peaceful. There's just a  different energy around camp. I like hearing the nature. I like enjoying this  lagoon. And Brad, a lot of the noise he came with kind of polluted it. Just  enjoying this peace and quiet is great, man. I've never been anywhere more  i've never been anywhere more beautiful. Beautiful.  Yeah. Losing streak has got to end sometime.  Yeah.  Whatever happens today, you guys, we've just got to try as hard as we can. We  have to want it more than they want it. So just try our best and no matter  what kind of challenge it is, I think we can win.  I'm so nervous going into this challenge. If we lose the challenge today and  we have to come back here it's scramble time again because every single week  I haven't stepped up and this is my last shot. To win this next challenge  would be sweet and perfect timing for us-- perfect timing.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! All right, you guys ready to get to today's immunity  challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: For the fourth straight time, I will take back the idol from galang.  Once again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, one member  of each tribe will race down a giant "Survivor" slide, grabbing a  ring along the way. You will then toss the ring, attempting to thrand on a  post. First person to land their ring scores a point for their tribe. First  tribe to five wins immunity, safe from the vote. Losers go to tribal council,  where somebody will be vote out and sent to Redemption Island. In addition,  are you playing for reward. Want to know what you're playing for?  Yes!  Jeff: Juicy steak. [ cheers ] vegetables. Spices. And a wok to cook it all up  in.  A wok!  Jeff: Or if you want you can trade it for fishing gear.  Oh!  Jeff: Tadhana has yet to win a challenge. This would be a tough decision.  Galang, you have three extra members. Sitting three people out. You can sit  out anybody you want.  I'm not sitting out.  Jeff: Another who's going to sit out? Monica, laura, laura. Attack a spot on  the bench. Everybody else, i'll give you a minute to strategize. We'll get  started.  I hate sitting out.  Me, too.  Jeff: All right, here we go. First round, it is Gervase for galang taking on Caleb  for tadhana. Tadhana has yet to win a challenge in this game. Could this be  the one? Survivors ready? Go!  Go, Caleb! Gervase has his ring. Caleb misses his. Got to land it on one of  the five posts. Gervase just misses. Caleb does it with his first toss.  Tadhana off to an early lead. 1-zip. Next two, we have Tyson for galang take  on Hayden for tadhana. Survivors ready? Go! Both guys flying down. Both guys  come up with their rings. Hayden tosses and misses. Tyson just misses. Just  misses for Hayden. Tyson scores for galang. We are tied 1-1. Kat for galang.  Taking on Katie for tadhana. Survivors ready? Go! Both chem flying down the  slide. Kat comes up with her ring, Katie misses hers. Big advantage for Kat right  out of the gate. Can she take advantage? Just misses.  Kat just misses.  Katie scores for tadhana. Tadhana leads 2-1.  Good job.  Jeff: We have a remasm, brother against brother. Last time Aras won in a very  physical showdown.  It was awesome.  Jeff: It is Aras versus Vytas. Tadhana leads 2-1. Here we go. Survivors  ready? Go!  There you go.  There you go.  Jeff: Both guys come up with their rings dead even. And just like that with  one toss, Vytas scores for tadhana. Tadhana leadses 3-1.  Damn it!  Jeff: Next round, Tina for galang. Ciera for tadhana. Tadhana leadses 3-1,  playing to 5. Survivors ready? Go! Ciera comes up with her ring. Tina has  hers. Ciera tosses just misses. Ciera could put tadhana ahead 4-1. No. All  around it?  Jeff: Tina scores for galang! Closes the gap.  Good job, Tina.  Jeff: Tadhana leads 3-2. Everybody's gone once. Now everybody starts again.  New match-up. This time it is Caleb taking on Tyson. Here we go. Survivors  ready? Go. Tyson could tie it up right here. Caleb could put them ahead.  Caleb struggle for his ring. Tyson has his. Just misses.  Caleb just misses.  Jeff: Tyson with a nice little launch but short. Caleb scores for tadhana.  Tadhana leads 4-2.  Caleb, you're the best.  Jeff: Next round, Hayden going up for tadhana. Going to take on Gervase for  galang.  Come on, Gervase!  Jeff: This could be for tadhana.  Please!  Jeff: This is as close as they have ever been to winning a challenge in this  game.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: They're one point away. Hayden can win it for his tribe.  Cross everything.  Jeff: Survivors ready? Go!  Come on, Hayden!  Jeff: Hayden not messing around. He is up quickly. Gervase misses his. Hayden  just misses. Gervase tosses and misses. Hadeep tosses again. No! Gervase has  got to score for galang. Hayden scores! Tadhana wins their first challenge of  this season! Immunity and reward!  Finally!  We finally won!  All right, guys. Good effort.  Thank you, jesus.  Jeff: Tadhana, for the first time in this game, immunity is yours. [ applause  ] and for the first time in this game, you will not go to tribal council. You  have two choices on reward. What's it going to be?  Steak.  Steak.  Steak.  Jeff: Taking the steaks. Come get your reward. Enjoy it. Giving up the chance  to feed themselves for the rest of the game in order to feed themselves right  now. Enjoy the night off. Enjoy your reward. Congrats, tadhana.  Thanks, jeff.  Jeff: Galang, for the first time in this game, tribal council tonight where  somebody will be vote out of this tribe. They will be sent to Redemption  Island where they will have to compete in duels for a shot to get back in  this game. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. I'll sigh tonight in tribal.  Steak.  We didn't really stand a chance in that one.  It is my first tribal council. These guys have experienced it, so there's the  nerves, first of all, of going to tribal council, and then the nerves of oh,  my God, it could be me. The first tribe ousted me right away. And who's to  say this tribe won't, too.  It's all good. I'm trying to relax. Hopefully it will all work out okay. I'll  still be here. I'm still packing. Just to be sure. So today, my strategy is  just being very aware, keeping my eyes open all the time on whoss with who,  what's going on, you know, and just try to mix it up.  Oh!  Let us praiseGod for the delicious fruit he puts on this delicious fruit he puts  on this planet for us to savor. Planet for us to savor. About me? About me?  Who? Who?  Girls, you know, girls have rivalries. I felt it the whole time.  What's that?  Wait, what?  The girls wanted to do the challenge.  Nobody likes sitting out. That's how it goes.  Well, that sucks.  Laura, I’m like what are you talking about? I look to my left, I look at Tyson.  He's baffled. When you know someone's at the bottom, all you can do is  accommodate their conversation, make them feel better. No worries. She's at  the bottom so she's going to say whatever she wants to say.  I just thought i'd throw that out there. Oh, women.  We have the core alliance of me, Aras, Gervase, Tina, and Monica. We're a  solid five. Kat also feels like she's in that alliance of five.  All right, hold that up and i'll pour. And Laura Maura has no clue what  alliance is going on. But right now, the plan is to vote out someone that  everybody is super annoyed with. And that's Laura B.  This game is fun. I didn't know i'd have this much I didn't know i'd have  this much fun. Fun.  All right, so what do you think we should do? What's the consensus?  I think Laura B is the obvious once.  Nobody has to be worried or panic.  Lock it down.  Lock it down.  Aras is the one I completely explicitly trust in this game. We don't talk a  lot of strategy, we don't need to. Drop a name, tell me who it is and let's  do this.  Laura b tonight. It should be 7 votes to 1, done. Laura b is a very easy vote  out. Everyone feels uncomfortable with her, but right now, easy votes are  often the dumbest vote in this game. Just because it's easy doesn't just  because it's easy doesn't mean you should do it. Mean you should do it. Mean  you should do it.  Laura b.  Laura b.  Right now, Monica's got her husband on redemption arena, and if Brad should  lose at redemption arena and not come back in this game she's a wonderful  asset to have. Lauram great in challenges, great at puzzles. If she's shooe  goes to redemption arena and knocks out Brad, Monica is ours. Laura m. Sees  the best choice right now.  Think about it. And then get back to us.  Okay, I’m going to think about it. There are lots of different things to  think about.  Laura m.'s name is being thrown around. Could she beat Brad at Redemption  Island? That's my worry.  Are you okay with that?  @an odd position I’m in. Laura b would be an easy win at Redemption Island  for Brad. Laura m.? She's going to be a challenge. You know, what about Laura  B.  Maybe the easy vote.  It's an easy vote, and you don't stir up controversy.  Tonight, I want Laura M. To go home, but it's not only my decision. It's the  tribe's decision. And people on my tribe know that I’m playing the game. And  the more that I try to manipulate a vote, the more manipulate a vote, the  more danger I put myself in. Danger I put myself in.  Jeff: Behind each you is a torch. Grab the torch, approach the flame, dip it  in and get fire. This is part of the ritual at tribal council because in this  game fire represents your life. All right. First time. Gervase, it's been a long  time since you played this game. It has changed a lot.  I mean, this is crazy that I’m here again in front of this fire, in front of  you. It's very surreal to me. I came into this game thinking I could play it  a certain way, but that is dead and gone. That's 13 years ago. That's not  now. These people make moves. You know, they're wheeling and dealing from day  one, like, either I need to get on board, or I need to go home.  Jeff: Tina, you go back all the way to the second season. What's it look like  from your vantage point as one of the originators of this game?  You know, jeff, I remember thinking on day 5 I had played more in five days  than I played my entire season in australia. It's going that quickly. And the  "blood versus water" thing, I mean, if you're playing this game  just you, you can play balls to the wall. But it's not just you.  Jeff: So, Monica, how does in "blood versus water" twist change the  game?  The stakes are higher. Every time guto a duel now for me, I’m looking out  there for my loved one. And then people start thinking, well, who has more  power when they get to the merge and they're perhaps playing with a loved  one? And all of a sudden they become a team of two. So it makes the stress in  the game twoises -- much.  Jeff: OAras, that loyalty of whether a loved one will vote their loved one  out or not is one of the big factors.  It's a big factor. You make an alliance, and then you wonder in whoin my  alliance might go with their loved one. You have to take all that into  consideration. But right now, let Vytas do what Vytas does and maybe there's  space for him or maybe there's not. I have to make sure I shore up all of  these relationship.  Jeff: Aras says my loved one is on his own. It's the only thing you can say.  It's the truth. There's a time when you have to cut the apron strings and  say, sear ayou have to fly on your own. You can't live under my wing anymore.  It sounds really cold and hard but right now this is our blood.  Jeff: And, Gervase, Laura M. Could make a good argument she's proven she will  squash her daughter as she has repeatedly in challenges. Does that give you a  sense of her loyalty to this tribe?  Honestly, spending time with Laura M., and hearing her talk about Ciera,  they're close. And that's great to hear, but it's also threatening. Un, it's  for everybody here-- mother-daughter, brothers, boyfriend-girlfriend, or  husband and wives. It doesn't get tighter than that.  Jeff: Laura B., you were voted out seconds into the game. You're now on a  tribe of people who played before. You have never played. Do you belong out  here?  Well, jeff, I feel very much a part of this tribe. And a part of the decision  making and a part of the play. I work hard. I am a big part of this tribe,  and I think i've shown that. So I do belong here. Of course, I belong here.  Jeff: Monica would you agree with that?  Absolutely. She was with us day one. She is a part of what is happening. She  fishes. She does fire. She definitely has a place in this tribe.  Jeff: And Laura B., that's what they always say to somebody before they vote  them out-- greatest tribe member ever.  There is always the backside I could be an easy vote. I was welcomed with  open arms but I did see the disappointment in my tribe's eyes.  Jeff: Do you get that, Laura B., even though you want to play, you're not Rupert.  Rupert is tie dye, man in the woods.  But the confidence in me thinks I’m such a huge part of this tribe, and i've  bonded with these people I feel like. That's all I can say.  Jeff, here's the other thing. She hasn't been to the tribal council before so  she hasn't felt the sting of you putting the torch out and saying the game is  over. That's still stinging in every single one of us. She hasn't had that.  Jeff: I can't think of a better lead-in. It is time to vote. Laura m., you're  up.  It's been really great playing with you, but there's only room for one laura  on this only room for one laura on this island. Island.  I'm so sorry that somebody has to go home. But I’m real happy to have only  but I’m real happy to have only one laura on the tribe. One laura on the  tribe.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has the hidden immunity idol and  you want to play tnow would be the time sood so. Okay, once the votes are  read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Laura B.  Laura m.. Laura m.. That's two votes Laura M., one vote Laura B.Laura M.that's  that's three votes Laura M.  Laura m.. That's four votes Laura M., one vote Laura B. Fifth person voted  out of "Survivor: Blood vs. Water," Laura M.perform that's five,  that's enough. That's enough. You need bring me your torch. You need bring me  your torch. Laura, the tribe has spoken. You will have a chance to get back  in this game. Grab your torch. Head to Redemption Island. Head to Redemption  Island. Good luck. Good luck. I would expect nothing less from a group of  returning players than a blindside straight out of the gate and it  illustrates you can never predict what is going to happen next. Grab your  torches. Head back to camp. Head back to camp. Good night. Good night.  Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, and ford. Drive one.  Captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor":  Jeff: Gervase and Tyson are ready to make a move.  That's the tricky part, when to dethrone king Aras.  Jeff: But not everything goes as planned. After 14 days we're going to switch  things up.  I was absolutely shocked, blindsided. Hello?  Hello.  It's laura.  How the hell did you guys lose?  I trusted some people in the game that I shouldn't have been trusting. But I’m  still in the game. The game is not over. I gotta keep my wits about me. I  gotta keep my wits about me. I have to win the duel.