<br/>Jeff: From day one, the returning players dominated their loved ones.  I don't know if it could get any worse.  Jeff: Sending them to tribal council, week after week. John, the tribe has  spoken. He has the ring and he's up with it. But after 13 days, the loved  ones finally won a challenge. Hayden scores. Tadhana wins their first  challenge of this season. Back at camp, Laura B was the easy target.  Who do you want you would want to send home first?  Laura b.  Jeff: But Aras had bigger plans.  Jeff: The tribal council, galang went with Aras and took out one of their  strongest competitors. Lauram. Hoping lauram can beat Brad at Redemption  Island's next duel. Laura, the tribe has spoken. Will galang get back to  winning or will voting out lauram backfire? 12 are left. Who will be voted  out tonight?  That was brutal.  Yeah.  What did you think about your first tribal council, laura?  It was sad to see somebody voted out first.  I'm glad it wasn't me. We just got back from my first tribal council, and I’m  back. I'm back home. It wasn't me. My name was written down, but we all had a  unanimous vote to vote out lauram tonight.  I feel like an octopus. We were eight legs strong and now we're down a leg.  Rupert gave up his game to let me play. I think he's going to be so proud of  me.  She look at anybody?  I didn't look at her.  She looked me dead in the eye like, "you're a jerk. Of.  Why did you look at her?  Why did I look at hear? I kind of wanted to see her expression. I was  curious. Lauram looked me dead in the eye, as she realized it was her, and  she was very angry, and I got my fingers crossed that she's going to take the  noble approach to redemption arena, but unfortunately, redemption arena has  become a place to desmimp people's character.  Do you think we're going to get the ramifications of all this tomorrow?  What is she going to say? She haderate ways of the way that vote was going to  happen tonight. She kind of did herself in. Unfortunately, it looks like I’m the  ring leader. That's never a good thing. You never want to be at the top. I  don't know how to get out of that position. Put one foot in front of the  other, tread carefully, I suppose. We haven't really had a chance to talk one  on one about Aras. I feel okay with him right now.  Uh-huh.  But if we lose, there's a good chance that's the last time before the merge.  Yeah.  The second he goes with Vytas, I’m thinking he thinks I’m a threat.  Right.  Which is dangerous. That means when he get to Vytas, he'll be like, "Tyson  is trouble."  you figure Aras can make a move.  And does that scare jew of course.  So we're both kind of on the same page with him?  Right.  I do like Aras. He's a great guy. He's funny. He's a little out there on his  zen-type beliefs because I have zero beliefs-- except for magic. I believe in  magic. It's awesome. But people like Aras, they do. That's the tricky part,  when to dethrone king Aras. If we lose the challenge would you have a problem  writing his name down?  Less as it goes on. Aras is a leader running the show, and Tyson brought up  good points that we may only have one more challenge left before the merger,  and that may be our last chance to get rid of Aras.  It's something to think about. If you feel comfortable with him, I’m going to  feel great with him, too, or I’m going to try to feel great with him. I want  to do what you want to do because I’m in with this you.  I absolutely screwed up in my first season being a chess piece and that won't  happen again. Just to be looked at as a player who played it twice and didn't  play. I don't want that. I think the new power couple out here is me and Tyson.   Jeff: Come on in, guys! Tadhana getting your first look at the new galang  tribe. Laura m. Voted out at the last tribal council. We're now bring in the  competitors for today's duel. John, Brad, and lauram. So Ciera, even though  you're the rookie, you survived four tribal councils. Your mom, the veteran,  didn't survive one.  It's weird because all day i've had a really weird feeling. I just-- I just  kind of knew. I don't know why.  Jeff: Does that surprise you, laura, that she might actually have felt  something, some energy?  No, not at all. That's my baby. She came from me. She's part of me. We're all  right. We're still in this.  Jeff: One of the twists this season is that if you have a loved one that is  on Redemption Island, you can swap spots--  there's no way she's swapping with me. No way in hell.  Jeff: You wouldn't even hear of it.  Not even hear of it. I got this.  Jeff: You're confident you're going to get back in?  Absolutely.  You got it?  I got it.  Jeff: All right, let's get to today's duel. For today's duel, you're going to  race across the balance beam, collecting bags of numbered tiles, you must  then place the tiles in order, 1-100. The first two to finish live to see  another day. One step closer to getting back in this game, and a shot at the  money. Last person to finish is out for good. In addition, the winner of the  duel will decide who get the clue to the location of the hidden immunity  idol. Take your spots. We'll get started. Here we go. First two to finish  stay alive, loser it out. Survivors ready? Go! You gotta stay on the beam.  You can only undo one bag at a time. Laura off to a fast start. Whipping  through those knots. Just has to get across the beam, and she does. John has  his first bag. Brad has his first bag. The first bag contains 10 number  tiles. You have to put them in order. Laura has her first 10. She's heading  back. John making quick work on his puzzle. John has his first 10. He's  heading back. Brad take a little more time. Lauren and John both working on  their second bags. John almost falls off. Laura has the second bag. John fell  off. He's got to go back. That opens the doort for Brad. It's now John and Brad  nex of neck and neck for second place. Laura with a lead now. John drops his  second bag. Brad now ahead of John.  Perfect.  Jeff: Oh! John falls off. Has to go back. That's going to hurt and leave a  mark. You have 20 number pieces in this bag. You're doing 11-30. John is  across now with his second bag. Laura has her second set completed.  Good jork mom.  Jeff: Brad and John side by side, neck and schneck, working on their second  bag. Laura with her third bag, extending the lead. There are 30 pieces in  this bag. John's finished his second bag. John in second. Brad in last right  now. It is laura in the lead, Brad and John battling it out for that second  spot to stay alive out here. John makes quick work of his third bag. Brad has  it. He's working on his third bag. Laura finishes her third bag.  Yeah!  Jeff: Laura predicted, "i got this. Of very close to this prediction  coming true. John finish his third, now heading for his fourth and final bag.  Brad finish his third. He's got to pick it up. Laura on her fourth and final  bag. John has his fourth bag. Brad has his fourth and final bag.  Got it, baby.  Jeff: Laura with a big lead. This is all she has left, the 80s, and 90's.  John is at 75. Brad is at 68. You are very close.  Done.  Jeff: Laura has it! Laura wins this duel and will stay alive on Redemption  Island. It is now down to Brad and John. One spot left. John now at 90. But Brad  is quickly catching up.  Huge comeback, Brad.  Jeff: It is Brad and John neck and neck. It's going to come down to the last  few numbers. John will stay alive, gine laura, in their quest to get back in  this game. Brad cull perrer is out after 14 days. ( applause )  I’m so sorry.  Jeff: Laura M., congratulations. You called it from the beginning. Absolutely  confidence. John, you stay alive. Brad, you've played in arguably the biggest  areinin sport, professional football. How does the competition of "Survivor"  compare to that?  Well, i'd like to think I had more of an advantage in football. Monica, I came  on here as a shield. Through my fault or no fault of my own, I probably  became an anchor. You're free. The wind's blowing. Sail. Sail hard. It's all  good.  Jeff: All right, Brad. Your time in this game is over.  I love you.  Jeff: Grab your stuff, and toss your buff in the urn on your way out.  I love you, sweetie. I am going to have to do this all by myself. Now they  don't have Brad anymore to soften whatever blows or to help me out or have my  back, I have to think about me. That's it.  Jeff: All right, Laura M., because you won the duel, you now are in charge of  who get the clue to the location of a hidden immunity idol. I'll give it to Vytas.   Jeff: Why not your daughter?  We all know it's a target on your back.  Jeff: Clue to the location of an idol. And you're following me right down to  the fire. Nobody wants the idol. Didn't even think about it.  Nobody.  Jeff: All right, after 14 days, you will live to see day 15. Lura m., John,  grab your stuff. Head back to Redemption Island. Await your next competitor  and next duel.  Great job.  Great job, John.  Jeff: All right, tba and tadhana, before I send you back to your camp, one  more piece of business. After 14 days, of playing against your loved ones,  we're going to switch things up.  Oh! Playing against your loved ones, we are going to switch things up. You  can drop your buffs. We are going to draw for new tribes.  Geez!  Jeff: Take them off and set them down. All right, I have new buffs in here.  They're all covered. Don't open them until I tell you to.  I can take mine last, jeff. I'll let fate decide where I’m at.  Jeff: Sure, Tyson. Tyson wants to go last. Tyson will let fate decide. All  right, everybody, let's reveal. Aras going to switch tribes. A lot of galang  staying together. Gervase is going to switch tribes. Tyson is going to switch  tribes. Vytas and Katie will move over to galang. All right, we have our two  new tribes. On galang, it is Monica, Tina, Katie, Laura B, Kat, and one guy, Vytas.  For tadhana, it is the opposite. We have Gervase, Caleb, Aras, Tyson, Hayden,  and one woman, Ciera. Ciera, you were one of only two women.  Yeah.  Jeff: Are you now the only woman.  It can either be a really great thing or a really bad thing. We'll find out.  Jeff: Katie, you're playing with your mom. &gt;&gt;in, I’m really excited and  I have another tribe member here, too. And I’m excited to get to know these  people. We'll see how it all pans out.  Jeff: Vytas on the other side, you're the only man.  I fancy myself a ladies' man, jeff, so this is the perfect place for me.  Jeff: We have our two new tribes. Grab your stuff, head on out. The game has  changed again.  I have worked really hard the first 14 days of this game, and the tribe  switch put all that in jeopardy. I hope I have enough people on my side with  the switch that I’m not on the chopping block. * *  welcome to tadhana, guys.  Thank you, guys.  This ain't bad.  This is pretty darn good.  Looks real good.  This beach, I think, is way cooler than ours.  Coming back from Redemption Island with three new tribemates, it's a little  different. You don't know really what to expect. Now it's 3-3. It evens the  playing field over here. If we were to lose a challenge and go to tribe, are  we three going to stick together? Are they three gog stick together? What  information are they going to give buwhat went on over there? And how much  information are you going to share about what went on over here?  What happened on this side? How did the votes go down?  We blinddecided John. He went out.  Did you play an idol or swap?  No, it was so intense.  As soon as we got here, we tried to do a little fishing to find out what was  really going on in their tribe. And I don't know if tadhana really realized  that's what we were doing, but they started giving up the goods.  John had the clues, and he would stay gone for three, four hours.  Did he find it, do you think?  I don't think so.  He kind of told Brad, and then we kind of got pieces of the clue.  What were the clues like in.  "on the way to fresh water."  the roots of a serpent-like tree.  Hayden and Caleb gave the clue of the hidden immunity idol to me. Is it just  because they're new guys here and haven't played the game before? I don't  know. Stupid will be stupid.  You guys should see all the veggies we have left.  Should we eat them?  I think we're going to do a rice veggie.  With those spices, the rice is going to be way good, I bet.  Three big goodz start going through the cupboard, taking our seasoning,  eating our food. And in the back of my mind I’m thinking, "that's my  stuff, dude!"  grab a few for me, as well.  I'm going to grab a whole ball.  Awesome. I want to smack your hand and say mind find your own food. But you  can't do that.  There are social faux pas to the game of "Survivor," and one is  eating more food than everybody else.  Tyson, you can do us a favor and open up a coconut we could enjoy in the  water?  Yeah, I will do that. But if you come in and think everybody cracks open a  coconut whenever they want. Everybody can eat a banana whenever they want. It  doesn't have to be fair. Want to see how fast I can drink this? It's  definitely a goal to eat and steal as much food as I can from this tribe, and  I’m going to keep eating that food till it's gone. Oh, it's too much. You do  have to do a certain amount of work or appear to be working so that people  don't just hate you as the lazy guy.  Yeah! All right! Thank you.  I don't think I’m painted as the lady guy yet. Because after I crack a  coconut and drink half of it, I pass the rest around to the other five people  to share so that's kind of generous for me to do. I'm going to hit all that  foot foodlike a one-man wrecking ball. ( laughter )  welcome to our home. This is our house.  This is Katie. Vytas.  Hi.  This is Monica.  Oh, my goodness. It's so wonderful to have Katie. This is a cream come true.  That first night I thought this might be the only night she and I spend  together. And here we are together again. And to be able to play this game  with her and play as a team is just wonderful. Because now, you switch. I've  been playing water, and now I can play blood. &gt;&gt;.  I was really disappointed with what happened. I mean, I came from a place  where I was pretty much in control of my destiny to a place where I have zero  control. I mean, you could say, yeah, two of us came over to a group of four.  But it's not that simple because one of us that came over is the daughter of  one of the four. So you take Katie with Tina, there's me and there's five  girls. You know, I’m the odd man out.  I think we stick together in our tribe of four, the original galang. What do  you think?  I mean, yeah, it sound good.  I made an alliance with Tina, Monica, Laura B, and Katie, but Monica will not  stop strategizing. She's driving me crazy.  What do you think?  I have no idea. I haven't eye haven't made those--  if we were to lose, it would be maybe Vytas?  When you have an alliance, don't over-strategize. All that does is put he's  heaton your back. You want to learn how to play "Survivor?" shut  it.  Look at all the centipedes coming out of that thing. All the dangerous  animales were in that log.  This that log. We killed all of them.  Are you guys hungry? Should we do some rice.  Yes.  We're always hungry.  I don't want to tell you how to run your household, guys.  But you feed your guests immediately. You're being rude.  <br/>Before the tribe swap, Gervase and I had decided that getting rid of Aras  might be a wise move. So now I just make it look like he's bossing everybody  around, taking charge and doing whatever he wants.  You know, i'll apologize for him constantly. I'm like, "sorry about Aras.  He kind of doesn't know. He's socially unaware, an" and make sure people  know between he and i, he's the one in charge.  You need more sunshine.  Thought about that. But I was like I already cut half of it.  I'm out here to play and I have to use my brain. So hopefully it will be a  little smaller on me and large or Aras. Everything you've given us and please  bless those who are not as fortunate as we are. As of right now, we are a  solid tribe and we're going to do very well together and please look after  our loved ones who are on the other side in your name, amen.  It is me and five women on the new galang tribe, and there's not a lot of  play for me coming in here. Basically, these women have bonded so I’m at the  mercy of them.  I was trying to say misunfortunate-- but--  less fortunate.  Less fortunate. You knew what I meant.  Pint of language is to get the idea across. I got the idea. I don't know that  much about women. But I do know that when I’m a little bit vulnerable with  women, it goes a long way. Me opening up and letting them know a little bit  about my past could keep me around.  How long were you in jail?  I did eight months my year.  How scared were you?  So scared. Oh, my God. I'm this little 19-year-old kid on the west side. East  l.a., I killed three people. I robbed four baeks. And I’m like I tried to get  money from a laeld for drugs.  Hearing Vytas admit he had a really hard time with a heroine addiction is  really powerful. That's a neat part of a man that can share his emotions and  feelings. It reminds me of Rupert.  Aras had so much resentment. I abandon himaise teenager. I wasn't there.  Right.  For the last 13 years now it's been us trying to get our relationship back  because I love him. More than anything, that's who I want to have a  relationship with. Aras is smatter than me. Aras is more physically gifted  than me. Aras is amazing.  Don't sell yourself short.  I'm not selling myself short.  I am so enjoying getting to know you. Don't sell yourself short.  I love Vytas. I feel connected already. I have to keep my heart out of it. I  like him a lot, but Vytas and Aras could take this whole game.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Aras could take this whole game.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right, you guys ready to get to your first  immunity challenge as new tribes?  Yes.  Yeah!  Jeff: First things first, take back the immunity eyeol. Once again, immunity  is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, one pair from each tribe will  race out to a cage at the bottom of the ocean. You'll dive down, release a  gate, retrieve a fish trap, swim it back to shore, then the next pair goes.  Once you've collected all three fish traps, you'll use the pieces inside to  solve a vertical puzzle. First tribe to finish wins immunity, is safe from  the vote. Losers go to tribal council, where somebody will be voted out and  sent to Redemption Island. In addition, you're playing for reward. You want  ton what you're playing for?  <br/>Yes!  Jeff: It's picnic day on Survivor.  Wow!  Jeff: Turkey, roast beef, ham. You've got cheese, bread, all the toppings,  brownies. Should make for a very nice afternoon, especially knowing you won't  have to go to tribal council. I'll give you a minute to strategize and we'll  get started. Here we go. For immunity and reward, Survivors ready? Go! It is Gervase  and Aras first for tadhana. Laura b, and Tina for galang. You've got to swim  out to your cage, release the gate, and retrieve the fish trap. Gervase with  a great effort. His swimming has improved quite a bit from day one. Gervase up  with the gate! Aras has the trap. Swimming it back with Gervase. Galang is up  with their first gate. Ladies! Tina and Laura B swimming back without their  fish trap. That's going to be a painful realization.  They forgot it.  Jeff: When they realize they forgot the most important part of this  challenge.  You forgot the trap!  Jeff: Tina and laura still have no idea what their tribe is talking about.  Jarvis and Aras are back with their first fish trap.  You forgot the trap.  Jeff: Somebody has to get the first trap. A huge catastrophe for the new  galang. Tyson and Caleb in the water now, and a huge lead for tadhana.  Jeff: Laura B and Tina finally making their way back. A gigantic lead for Tyson  and Caleb. Laura b and Tina now back with their first fish trap. Caleb and Tyson  racing back with their second fish trap. It's Monica and Vytas now in the  water for galang.  Go, go, go. Vytas underwater quickly untying knots. He knows he has a lot of  time to make up.  Come oHayden!  Jeff: Galang has released their second gate. Monica and Vytas now swimming  that trap back.  Come on, guys!  Hayden and Ciera heading back with their third and final fish trap. Galang  heading back with their second, Vytas and Monica, trying to make up some  time.  Way to go, guys, way to go. Now Kat and Katie in the water for galang. Ciera  completely spent. ... Her tribe can't start untying until she is back. All  right, puzzle makers, start untying! It is Aras and Tyson working on the  puzzle for tadhana.  They're not even out to the trap yet tadhana with a huge time advantage.  Already untying all of their puzzle pieces. Ladies need to keep moving!  They're trying to close that gap. Kat and Katie have the third fish trap.  They have to swim it back now. But they're going to have to really jam to catch  up to tadhana.  Good job, girls!  Kat and Katie back with that third fish trap. Start untying. It is Tina and Monica  working for galang. Aras and Tyson with a huge time advantage, working for  tadhana. Tina would love to be able to make up for the costly mistake she  made at the beginning.  That's tMonica.  Jeff: By bringing her tribe back during the puzzle challenge.  Should I move it over.  Jeff: Suddenly, Tyson and arsas are having troubles. Tina and Monica now  gaining. It would be one of the biggest comebacks in this game. Which is why  you never give up.  Right there, right there!  Step back and look at it. The tail is wrong. Tadhana had a huge lead and they  have tbloan it. We are now neck and neck. You never 99 "Survivor." Monica  and Tina still working. It would be a gigantic comeback if they could win  this challenge after the way it started. Galang thinks they have it.  We got if!  Jeff: They do not have it. Something's just not quite right. That opens the  door for Aras and Tyson. One of the most back. And-forth challenge. It is  anybody's challenge to win right now. Monica and Tina rearranging again. Do  they have it now. They do not. Galang it is not right. Back to work. Tyson  and Aras think they have it. And they do! Winning immunity, and reward!  Wow!  Good effort.  Jeff: Tadhana, congratulations. Immunity is yours. Notribal council tonight.  In addition, nice picnic afternoon. Everything you need to have a great day.  Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. Enjoy the night off.  Thanks, jeff.  Jeff: Galang, going to be an interesting afternoon. Grab your stuff. Head  back to camp. We'll see you at tribal tonight where somebody will be voted  out of this tribe and sent to Redemption Island. Of this tribe and sent to Redemption  Island.  On the inside, I’m so frustrated with Tina and Laura B. I would have never  made a mistake like that. I should have gone first. Something should have  happened different, but I can't act out on that.  I just want to say I’m so sorry. If it's me tonight, I don't blame you. If  it's somebody else, I feel horrible guilt. Because I feel partly responsible  for whoever is going home. And I’m sorry. That's all I know to say.  You were so close.  You never gave up.  It took everything in me to not let them know how I actually felt about the  mistake they made.  Thank you for your mercy. For your mercy and your grace.  Because being a man in the midst of only women, whatever they choose to do is  going to go down. If gihome because they want me to go home, there's nothing  I can do.  We're going to eliminate Vytas tonight. But the more I think about it, what  we need to do is take out the person that won't stop talking.  Going to tribal council suction.  Monica can't stop talking. Every single time catch her, she's always  strategizing. When you look like you're over-strategizing in front of your  alliance, that's when you get in trouble, and I’m about to kick you out of  this game if you don't stop talking.  What are you thinking?  I'd still like to keep girl strong.  Uh-huh.  I think the girl thing is great.  I just, like-- sometimes Monica makes me really worried and I feel like I should  vote out Monica instead of Vytas.  Here's my only thing that scares me about getting rild of her is that what if  we get over there and it's all guys. Guys. We all know why it's a good idea  to stay with the plan. Let all the girls stick together and get rid of the  guy. Kat's already wanting to switch that up and send Monica home. Kat's  loyalty, I don't feel like, is as strong, and that's just information that  needs to be throughout for everybody to know.  Really?  Yes.  Why?  Because the stra strategy. She says she worries about you strategizing too  much.  That is a little worrisome, especially if we made a pact we're going to vote  out Vytas-- sorry about that. If we had a girls' alliance and she's already  saying I want Monica gone, how do you know we're not going to get to the  other side and she says I want Tina gone.  I know.  I was totally on board that it would be Vytas, but if I’m hearing that Kat's  gunning for me, I need to do what's best for Monica.  Just now?  Uh-huh.  We were just talking about if we should tell Vytas that he's getting  eliminated or not.  Right. There wasn't anything that you said about me?  No, not to teen anno.  No.  I have been told you brought my name up.  From who?  People have said you have said my name.  I don't know what you're talking about.  I know my name's been thrown out there. I've asked her to tell me the truth,  and she won't. If somebody is gunning for me, which I can feel it. I can  sense it in Kat that she is, it doesn't make sense to keep them around.  I want to go all girl strong. I don't need to continue to communicate about  allt all the time. Like-- Monica's very dangerous, because when she  strategizes people actually might listen to her. So my back's up against the  wall. I'm going to do everything I can to stay here and that's it.  I'm sorry.  So if Vytas has to go home tonight, he's going to have to go home. That's how  the nature of the game goes.  You know who, right?  Not for sure. Stillv?  Yeah.  Okay.  As long as it's not me.  Or not me.  I teach my kids do unto others as you would want thim to do unto you. But you  know what in "Survivor "i figured it out. It's do unto others  before they do unto you.  How do you feel about Kat? If somebody is it gunning for me I’m writing her  name down. I'm trying to coral and persuade everybody in this tribe to do the  same thing.  I think the best thing is for Kat to go.  We have to make a decision tonight who does it make sense to send, capt or Vytas?  I think it's a good idea to stay with the plan, which is to vote for Vytas.  But Kat's loyalty, I’m not so sure about that. Who should go? Honestly, it is  a coin toss. It is 50-50.  Jeff: So let's talk about the tribe switch. Kat, new group of people. Who's  not getting along?  I guess it's just between Monica and i. I saw Monica was kind of down, so I just  went over to ask her how she's doing. And the conversation didn't end up as  well as I thought it would.  Jeff: Monica what was the conversation about, from your side?  Just about the game. And trust issues. I mean, all I’m looking for is a  little bit of trust. And you want it so much from this young lady because I genuinely  am cheering for her. And it's really difficult.  Monica, this shouldn't be any you and I right now.  I understand.  Like, I genuinely love Monica, and I love these girls. Like I always have  their back. And if we all make it to the merge, I feel like that we should  always stick together. No offense. No offense.  Jeff: That will only happen if tonight Vytas is voted out.  Jeff Kat's going to write my name down tonight probably. And I feel for their  relationship, but trust in this game is sticking with your alliance no matter  what. So it's difficult to be the one on the chopping block when I feel like  I have established some pretty good relationships around here.  Jeff, i've established relationships here. I have all of their backs and they  know it. Monica, you know I always have your back.  Oh, Kat. You know, there's nothing more than I want to do than trust you and  I served it up on a silver platter a few times trusting. And in the end, I even  heard you've thrown my name around.  Jeff: Kat, do you think you're going home tonight?  I hope I don't. I want to stay. And you guys know how much I want to stay.  Please, because I will do anything.  Jeff: Who should be going home?  I feel like the women should stick together like our plan was from the  get-go, and vote out Vytas.  Jeff, I hear a lot of "I’m sorpry." she's obviously made some  mistakes in building trust with her partners, but I haven't made anyone to  anyone here--  we won't know that.  It doesn't matter if you have five strong going into the merge if one person  has demonstrated already that they can't be trusted.  That's not true. And just because Vytas comes in and he's genuine to  everybody for 24 hours, we don't know anything. But you do know I will stay  here, and I love these people, and they know that.  Jeff: Tina, one side says stick with your alliance, don't let the outsiders  in. The other says two new people? Chance to break things up.  Yeah, well for me it's a little bit difficult because I have a loved one over  here now. That puts a whole new dynamic on things. And so, I have to make my  decision based on what I think is going to get me further tonight and  possibly in the future.  Jeff: So, Vytas, how do you make sure it isn't you tonight?  All I can really do is come in here and just be open, be a little bit  vulnerable,un, show the person they really am. And that's it. The rest is  left for them to judge and say okay, do we buy this guy? Can we trust him? Or  do we just stick with what we have?  Jeff: Kat, we're just go bto vote. Is there anything else on your mind jai  love you guys. From day one I have had all your backs expwi always will.  Jeff: Vytas you're shake your head.  I've heard stories about her not having people's back.  That's not true.  She sounds like somebody with her back up against the wall I got caught  throwing people's names out. Please, I will never do that again.  That's not true. Monica, that's not true.  I have been there. Can I please finish. It sucks to make mistakes.  Please stay together, guys.  And we will stay together. And we will stay strong.  Jeff: All right, it is time to vote. Laura b, you're up.  I hope you enjoy the ambiance at Redemption Island.  Jeff: I'll go tally the vote. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay, once the votes are  read the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Vytas. Kat.  One vote Vytas, one vote Kat. Kat. Two votes Kat, one vote Vytas. Kat. That's  three votes Kat, one vote Vytas. Sixth person voted out of "Survivor"  viefer, Kat, you need to bring me your torch. Kat, the tribe has spoken. You  will have a chance to get back in this game. Grab your torch. Head to Redemption  Island. Good luck.  Thank you.  Jeff: Well, one thing is clear-- you don't get trust by asking for it. You  gotta earn it. You want to win this game and you haven't started earning  trust, you better get to it right now. Grab your torches. Head back to camp.  Good night. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, and ford.  Drive one. Captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor."  morning boo.  Jeff: In a tale of two brothers, Vytas is quickly making friend.  I would be honored if he took an interest in Katie. I'm ready for grand  babies.  Jeff: While Aras' are almost gone.  We have to take out Aras sooner than later. Happy.  Solid.  Hey.  I'm worried about Hayden. I'm worried he's going to be disappointed in me and  God forbid this does anything to our relationship. Our relationship is just  starting and now I’m like what if I embarrass all his friends. Who wants to  date someone who doesn't make the merge?