<br/>Jeff: Last time on "Survivor," the ret players were in co the game.   We are draw for new tribes. Shook things upsurprise switch has as woman on  tadhana and Vytas as the only man on galang.  Me and five girls. I'm the only man.  Jeff: .  Way cut away the ars are a.  You're deeper.  Hopefully the this will be smaller on me and larger on Aras.  At the newalang, the plan was obvious.  It would be maybe Vytas because he's not a girl.  Jeff: Tyson and Aras think they have it. Tadhana wins immunity! But paf  galang lost immunity challenge, cat turning on her alliance.  Iat is gunning for me, I need to do what is best for Monica.  Jeff: At tribal council she made one final plea.  Monica, you know I always have your back.  Oh, Kat, there's nothing more that I want to do than to trust you.  Jeff: In the end, her betrayal was too much to overlook. Kat, the tribe has  spoken. 11 are left. Who will be voted out tonight.  Well, at least I didn't cry. That's a good change. At tribal I got  eliminated. Apparently we had an issue with trust. Monica was feeling on the  outs, so was laura and that was the place for Vytas to swoop in for the kill  and here I am. Hey! Sorry.  Come over here, Kat. Tell us what happened.  Well, I have an overstrategizer, which is Monica, a social (bleep) which was  laura, I had a woman who had a target on her back for being a million dollar  player and then her daughter who's a tag along then I got the one guy on an  all-women's tribe and they all flipped on me. There are things I wish I could  take back but I’m not out yet. I still have a lot left in me and I’m going to  do everything I can to make sure that I win however many duels I have that to  to stay here. I feel like Hayden is going to be so disappointed. No one wants  to date someone who doesn't make the merge. He's gonna dump me.  Oh, come on!  I don't think I played the right way. I wouldn't be here if I did. I know I’m  not out of the game yet but I feel like Hayden will be embarrassed that I’m here  and I didn't play better or try harder. He's gonna be so upset. I don't want  him to be ashaped of me because I really care about him. And it's just been  really hard without him. Because we're like a team. He's my best friend. And  I just hope that I can go into the duel and I hope that I can win and Hayden  will be by my the side still. A.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! Tadhana getting your first look at the new galang  tribe. Kat voted out at the last tribal council. We'll now bring in the  competitors for today's duel: John, Laura M. And Kat.  Can you hug me? Come hug he? (sobbing) I’m so sorry!  It's okay. Babe, it's okay.  I'm so --  it's all right, it's okay.  Jeff: So Kat you come in and immediately grab Hayden and say "I’m sorry."  you're sorry about getting voted out?  Yeah, I’m sorry that I got voted out. Like, our plan was to play together and  I feel like that he was going to be disappointed in me if I was in this arena  and I still kind of feel like I’m kind of letting him down.  Jeff: Hayden, how's that sit with you? She's worried about your relationship  and that you might see her differently because she got voted out.  That's not the case. Our relationship is going to be fine. I mean, I’m not  going to view you any differently, you know that. Obviously my relationship  with Kat is more important than even this game.  Jeff: Really?  It is. Yeah. It is.  Jeff: I want to challenge you on that. One of the opportunities at Redemption  Island arena is at any point a loved one can take the spot for the person in  that arena which means you would be taking yourself out of this game and  swapping spots with Kat, put her back in the game, you'd be the one fighting  for your life. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs,  Jeff: Hayden, at any point a loved one can take the spot for the american the  arena. You guys want to talk through that option?  Yeah. What do you think?  I don't know. I mean, are you okay over there?  I feel like -- I mean, I’m in a good spot. I feel like I’m in a good spot.  I don't think -- I don't know. Like, you know --  Jeff: Kat what do you want to have happen?  I would switch because I’m afraid that I won't do well in this duel. Because  it's a puzzle and I can't even spell. But I would switch.  Hey, what do you think is better for us long term? Like, think about us being  together long term. Who has the better shot to win the game?  You know you do. You know i've always thought that. He's such a good player.  He's such a genuine, honorable, and he's -- every time someone says something  about Hayden there's not one bad thing anybody has ever said about him. And I  know that he would do so well in this game.  Jeff: So when Hayden asks you long term what's best for you guys it sounds  like what he's saying is "who has a better shot at winning this  game?"  it is. You know you'd do better than me.  So what do you think?  Jeff: So what's the deal?  I'm gonna -- i'll play. I'll play here and I want you to stay. You know that  means so much to me that he would.  Jeff: That he would come down.  That he would. But I think it means more to him to stay.  Jeff: All right. Shall we get to today's duel?  Yup.  Jeff: For today's duel you'll release a machete. You'll use it to chop a rope  dropping the bag of puzzle pieces. You will then use those pieces to build a  fire puzzle. Very simple in concept, much more difficult to execute. First  two to finish live to see another day on redemption and a shot at getting  back in this game and a shot at the million dollars. Loser is out of this  game for good, their shot at the money is over. In addition the winner of  this duel will decide who gets the clue to the location of a hidden immunity  idol. Take your spots, we'll get started. All right, here we go. Two will  survive. One will be out for good. Survivors ready? Go. First order of  business, whip through those knots. You want to release that machete and use  it to chop a rope. That will drop your puzzle pieces. Kat flying through  hers.  Come on, Kat.  Good job, Kat.  Jeff: John has his. He starts working on his rope. John has released his  puzzle pieces. Kat has her has herma shetty. Laura has hers. Laura chops her  rope.  Come on, Kat!  John with an early lead. Kat has her puzzle pieces.  Stay calm.  Laura has her puzzle pieces. John has his bag emptied he can start working on  what is going to be a very difficult puzzle. Laura has all her pieces.  Come on, Kat! Make your bag bigger, Kat, spread it out.  Jeff: Kat struggling just to get the pieces out of the bag! Let's go!  It's okay, Kat, you got it.  There you go.  Jeff: This is the same puzzle cochran won in the final immunity challenge.  Once you get the concept the puzzle will become easier, you can make up a lot  of time.  Good job, mom.  Jeff: John starting to get the hang of it. Laura getting the hang of it. Kat  still has yet to place one piece.  It's a big piece over there, Kat, the left side.  This one?  I'm telling you it's a long big piece, I can see it.  Jeff: Hayden working hard to help Kat get back in this. John making a lot of  progress. He's in the lead. Laura just looking right next door at John's  puzzle.  Cheater.  There you go.  Jeff: Cathys she has her first piece. John clearly understands how this  puzzle works. Now it's just a matter of putting it together.  There you go!  Jeff: Kat places another piece.  There you go, Kat!  Good job.  Jeff: Even with laura looking at John's puzzle she's having trouble. Kat with  another piece.  Come on, mom!  Jeff: . &gt; Jeff: John making a lot of progress. John is whipping through this puzzle!  There you go!  Jeff: Cat Kat now starting to get the hang of it. Look at that! Kat could  quickly be right back in this.  Come on, Kat!  Jeff: The only way to ensuring you still have a shot to get back in this game  so to finish first or second. That's it. Jon steadies his puzzle. He's got a  lot of pieces in. John very close to finishing this puzzle. John places his  last two pieces in. (applause) John has survived. John will live to see  another day on Redemption Island.  Keep working, Kat, keep working.  Jeff: Laura immediately starts looking at John's puzzle.  You have to be kidding me!  Jeff: It's laura and Kat and the lead is not very big. Kat has worked her way  into this.  Look at laura's.  It's cheating!  It's not cheating. She's doing it.  Come on, Kat.  Jeff: Kat struggling with the ethics of it. There's nothing wrong with  looking next door. Your game; your rules.  That piece you're trying to fit, Kat, is smooth. Smooth on the outside and it  curves on the inside.  Yes!  Jeff: Laura still with a bit of a lead but Kat is in this.  It's a piece like that with a point on it. I'm looking at laura's. It's  smooth.  Smooth with a point.  Jeff: Laura starting to pull away now. Laura with another piece. Kat starting  to fall out of this now.  Come on, Kat.  Jeff: Laura with another piece.  Smooth piece with a point, cat.  Laura down to three pieces left. Once she places them she stays alive another  day on Redemption Island. Laura down to her last piece and she has it. Laura  stays alive to join John on Redemption Island. Kat is out of this game.  Good job. Jon, congratulations.  Thanks, jeff.  Jeff: That's four duels you are survived. Laura, you stay alive. Two duels  in. Kat, for you after 17 days your time out here is done. If you want to say  good-bye to Hayden, take a moment.  Don't leave me, I love you. You're not going to break up with me, are you?  Jeff: Kat, you can grab your stuff. Toss your buff in the urn on the way out.   Love you, Kat.  Good job.  Good job, Kat.  Love you!  Hayden, take care of it.  Jeff: John, as winner of the duel, you get to decide, who gets the clue to  the idol?  I'm a creature of habit, jeff. I'll give it to Monica.  Jeff: All right. Once again Monica.  No disrespect, John, I am so flattered and honored that you would give it to  me but I just feel like it's poison in this game.  It's a gift, you can do whatever you want with it.  Well, thank you for the kind gesture.  Jeff: John, laura, congratulations, you live to see another day. Grab your  stuff, head back to Redemption Island and await your next kputor and next  duel.  Good job, good job, guys. Awesome. (applause)  Jeff: All right, guys, head out.  Yeah, that's tough, dude.  I've been there before.  I know you have. I feel responsible. In redemption I could trade places with  Kat. And I didn't. But at the time you think, yeah, it's the best decision.  But as soon as I made it I regretted it. You feel guilty or responsible  because, like, Kat is a little naive sometimes and doesn't always know which  way is up. And I’m the one that, like, helps her. I was in a position to help  her and I didn't do it when I could have. It's not something I’m proud of,  you know? It's weird, because, you know -- we all know it's just a game but  it's not like -- just not that easy.  I think it's way harder than everybody thought it was going to be.  Absolutely.  Guys, we got each other.  Seriously, let's win, go in with huge numbers.  I know Vytas will come with us and let's ball.  We pull Vytas back over here and then just lock them out.  Let's run.  With Kat being gone, you feel a little relief because I can play my game. I  don't have to worry about somebody else. I'm only looking out for me now. So  I can play a little bit more cutthroat if I have to. In fact, I think it  could strengthen my relationship with this tribe because the majority of the  tribe over here, they don't have loved ones and it's kind of one more thing  we all have in common, except Aras.  Anybody want to go out for a peaceful walk and meditation?  I'm going to try and take a nap here.  All right, i'll be back.  Good luck, though.  I could haven't asked for a better situation when I came here to have two of  the people that I was really, really tight with-- skwrer vas and Tyson-- come  on over to this side and obviously Vytas is my core partner at the end of the  day so when we get back together I feel like we have a dominant position in  the game. I just need to let go, listen, be intuitive and i'll be guided to  the right places. So everyday when I meditate I visualize jeff's voice saying  "and the winner of "Survivor: Blood vs. Water," Aras. And I do  my best to trust that I’m taken care of.  You guys ready for this?  We're going to go to the merge probably tomorrow and I don't know whose name  you hear most out of Aras' mouth, maybe you can guess?  His brother.  All he wants to do is get to Vytas, that's a problem for me. They've been the  most dangerous couple in the game since day one and they're one of the only couples  still left in the game. We have to take out Aras or Vytas sooner than later.  His final four has two spots taken, him and Vytas.  Merge is going to happen. It's going to happen soon. If we stick together we  can get to the end no problem. And I’m telling you right now I will stick  with all you guys to final five 100% my word.  I was shocked it was Tyson that proposed the plan. He seemed very close with Aras  but on the same hand, Tyson's smart. Right now something we have in common is  we know we can trust each other is because we don't have anyone over there we  trust more.  Is everybody cool with that, us five and smooth sailing?  Us five.  I'm good with it.  Happy?  Solid.  Happy?  I'm in.  Happy? We have to have each other's backs.  Are you happy?  I'm very happy. I thought Aras was playing a good game at first but everyone  else is recognizing his main motivation right now which is get to Vytas and  then take control of the game. Meditate all day long if that's what you need.  I think he's getting comfortable and that plays right into my game plan.  Morning, boo.  Good morning, princess.  Good morning to you, too.  Just little late sleeper-inners. How did you sleep?  I slept great. Oh, my God, I was so -- just tired, you know?  Even though he's not part of our alliance i've really come to like Vytas.  He's been through the school of hard knocks and lots of times when people get  knocked down and they pick themselves back up they're a whole new person.  You guys look like a little happy couple camping on the beach.  I would be honored if he took an interest in Katie just because he seems like  such a straight-up guy. However, the guy who gets Katie is gonna have to hit  her over the head with a club and drag her into his cave because Katie is not  a very flirtatious girl. But one can dream. I'm ready for grandbabies.  (laughs) what is the hardest aspect of this game for you?  Oh, that's easy. The dishonesty. The tribe swap was tough. Like being the one  guy with a bunch of girls. But yoga has taught me a lot about dealing with  the feminine energy and girls and women. So I kind of feel like I have an  idea of what's gonna help ingratiate me the tribe more. I'm such a trusting  person. I had this woman walk into my yoga class barely even knew, i've seen  her a few times, she asked me to borrow a hundred bucks. I was taken aback  that she had the audacity but then I thought this moment of principle, like I  want to be t world to be a place where we can just trust first and then if  somebody breaks it, then you don't trust them. So I gave her the hundred  bucks. I was like, sure. In my experience, women love a bad boy, but what  they even like more than a bad boy is a newly reformed bad boy. So I’m putting  forward the parts of me that I want these women to see. I am a likable person,  I’m a trustworthy guy. It's all very calculated. But it's working.  We're so glad you are here.  Me, too.  Vytas, he's a wonderful man that can share his emotions and his feelings and  i've learned a lot from Vytas. Just being more open to people. I'm feeling  less guarded with this small of a tribe and I feel like I can be myself.  Coming into this game, one of my insecurities has been my social game. I was  raised on a farm and I’m kind of a quiet girl that's slowly coming out of  michelle. And I’m becoming more at peace with where I am in the game. I am so  grateful. I've had a great time. I'm really trying to enjoy every moment. So  that's why I love Vytas. But I have to keep my heart out of it because he is  a threat and I’m willing to stick with the girls if that is what the  consensus is. I will do what needs to be done to further my game.  Yay!  Let's read it.  Chained to a family not of your choosing may make you a victim of fate.  Apathy or fatigue may lead to your losing and tribal council is where your changes  abate.  We're all chained together doing something.  Wow!  Going into a physical challenge with two women in their 40s, one woman in her  50s against a tribe of five strong dudes and a girl is tough. We're going to  be underdogs no matter how the cookie crumbles in this case. I'm not getting  my hopes too high.  What do you think if we lose?  Then it's going to be Vytas. We've been together since the beginning. Are you  okay with that?  No. But yes. I mean, we have to be.  I know, this is the part you hate. Poor Vytas.  I know, poor thing.  I'm gonna cry. We just have to win. We have to win.  Yes.  I don't want him to go.  I got emotional this morning because, you know, if we do lose Vytas is the  one going home. Our girl alliance, we've had the loyalty, we've looked each  other in the eye, our alliance is still strong. We're sticking with that.  What can you do?  I'm sorry, guys.  I don't want anybody to go.  Let's just win.  And we don't even have to worry about it.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! Everybody ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  First things first, Ciera, take it back. Once again immunity is back up for  grabs. For today's challenge, four members of each tribe will be chained  together at the ankles. Two of those people will have their wrists attached  to a coil. On go you'll release from the coil and moving together navigate  through a series of obstacles collecting bags along the way. Once you've  collected the bags the remaining tribe member will use the chains and balls  inside to create bolos. First tribe to land three bolos on their target wins  immunity, safe from the vote. Losers go to tribal council where somebody will  be voted out and sent to Redemption Island. In addition, you are playing for  reward. Want to know what you're playing playing?  Yeah!  Jeff: All the fried chicken --  wow!  Jeff: -- you can eat. An afternoon of deep fried chicken, corn on the cob,  mac and cheese.  A southern feast.  Jeff: Iced tea, lemonade! Worth playing?  Oh, yes.  Jeff: Tadhana, you have one extra member, sitting somebody out. You can sit  out whoever you want. Who are you going to sit out? Ciera, take a spot on the  bench, everybody else we'll give you a minute to strategize and we'll get  started. All right, here we go. For immunity and reward Survivors ready? Go!  Got to whip those through those coils.  I'm good!  Ready? Outside, inside.  Jeff: Both tribes have it. Now you're moving together. Tadhana going very  quickly. Galang taking their time. This is where it will get interesting.  Eight people connected at the ankles all working on bags of puzzle pieces  trying to stay out of each other's way and get in the other tribe's way.  I'm good! Let's go!  Jeff: Once you have it, the trick is how do you get out because you have four  other people in there, too.  Let's go!  Jeff: Galang has all four. They're trying to head out. Tadhana still working  on their fourth. Hayden finally has his fourth. They're out.  Step, step. Out.  Outside! Inside! Outside!  Come on, get your other hand up.  Step, step, step.  Jeff: Tadhana once again in first. Galang once again in last! Eight people  all working on their bags.  I'm good!  I'm good!  Jeff: Once you have them, you can head out, you just got to get past the  other people. Caleb trying to get out, he's tied up behind Monica. Vytas has  got his brother Aras tied up. Monica is blocking Aras, she's not letting him  through. Aras cannot get through. Vytas has him tied up. It's a melee! All  kinds of ankles getting tied up in each other. People going down. Buffs  coming off! Both tribes have their bags. Knee has them, Tyson has them! Tina  untying for galang. Tyson untying for tadhana. Very close. Nobody wants to go  to tribal council and everybody wants reward! Tina empties her last bag, Tyson  still working on his last bag. Start assembling those bolos. You now take the  chains and connect them. One ball on each side. Once you finish you can start  tossing them. Tyson and Tina both working very quickly. We are neck in neck.  Come on, ty, just two more.  Jeff: Tyson has all the bolos. He's going to start tossing now. You have to  land three. Knee can start tossing.  Come on, Tyson.  Jeff: Tyson lands his first one for tadhana! Tyson needs two more. Just miss.  Tina scores for galang!  Keep going!  Jeff: This challenge could come down to seconds.  Come on, Tyson, make it tight, baby.  Jeff: All right, Tina. Atta baby! Keep going!  Jeff: Tyson scores for tadhana. He needs just one more. Tina's got to pick it  up. She falls short again in the dirt. Tyson can do it right here! Just  misses.  Got to go fast, mom.  Nice! All right! All right.  Jeff: Tina lands her second for galang. Immunity. Fried chicken on the line.  Tyson can win it for tadhana right here. Oh, just misses! Tina can win it  right here for galang. Tina goes high and misses. Tyson does it. Tadhana wins  immunity and reward!  Where you at, girl?  Sweetie, it's okay. It's all right! It's all right.  Jeff: Tadhana, started off this game, couldn't win, now you can't lose.  Immunity is yours once again. (applause) along with a nice afternoon. Fried  chicken, biscuits, corn on the cob set up for you just around the corner.  Enjoy your night free of tribal council and enjoy your food.  Thank you, jeff. Love you guys, good luck.  Thanks, guys.  Jeff: Galang, tribal council once again, somebody going home tonight, grab  your stuff, head back to camp. See you at tribal where somebody will be voted  out and sent to Redemption Island.  Delicious! Awesome!  Prayer, bro.  I don't have time right now.  God is good, God is good, thank you for this food, amen.  Macaroni!  It's a miracle.  We got so lucky with the tribe swap.  We did.  You guys did!  You guys did so good.  I started off the game with a four game losing streak in challenges and that  sucked and now we're on a roll. Tadhana can't be stopped right now. I feel  great and I’m looking forward. The future is bright.  I'm getting full.  I'm not. I was but I pushed past it.  Would anyone be offended if I took ice out of this le lemonade?  Do it. We're equal partners so you can do it whatever you want.  Came to your beach and ate your food.  I'm a one man wrecking ball. &gt;ididn't need this reward. I don't think i've  been hungry one night since we've been here. I've convinced everyone eating  maximum amount amounts of rice is the proper strategy and everyone seems to  just agree. I'm a three time veteran of this game so of course what I say is  going to be right. What do you think is going on with the other tribe?  I don't know who's in control over there. The Kat vote baffled me.  I feel like Vytas is safe. I never know, I thought Kat was safe, too.  I know we're all safe. (laughter)  well, hell.  We all tried our best. We all gave it our all in the challenge.  That's right.  Vytas, I respect you so much and i've already cried about this. We've decided  as four girls that you're the next one to go.  Why?  Because I’m -- you're such a huge threat in this game. I mean, your brother's  won before. You're the most amazing man. You're one of the most amazing men  i've met. You've brought calm to our tribe and I don't think a blind side is  fair and I don't want to -- we don't want to surprise each other and I think  it's just -- let's have a good afternoon together.  You think that makes me want to have a good afternoon?  No, I don't mean that. I guess be at peace knowing? I don't know how else --  I’m sorry.  I appreciate you telling me.  Unfortunately somebody has to go home. Vytas is the odd man out. I don't  think back stabbing and sending someone to tribal council not knowing what's  happening is a nice thing and it was just eating me alive so it just came  out.  We four girls, it's something we decided this morning and we were hoping to  win and not have to do this.  You've got to write somebody's name down on that parchment.  It was really hard for me. But I feel like I did take the bull by the horns  by taking more of a leadership position in the tribe. It may put a target on  my back but hopefully i'll get respect out of it and the women will look up  to me a little. I feel like we have the loyalty here.  I hope it sticks.  Oh, my heavens! Seriously! That is the "Survivor" moment of all --  time!  I'm flabbe flabbergasted! I mean "Survivor" 101, don't you meet  with your alliance before you make an executive decision to just tell someone  they're going home? The golden rule of "Survivor" is trust. Is it  or is it not? I felt blindsided!  I know!  Jeff.  This morning I felt like I could trust Laura B. But now I don't know. Blind  sides are terrible and i've been a victim of one, too, but this game is built  on trust.  We got rid of Kat because she was doing that.  The plan was to vote out Vytas. We're getting down to the nut cracking, so to  speak, what we say in the hills. And he's the threat. Just because everybody  seems to like him. However Laura B. Is unpredictable and that makes me  nervous.  Is it my time to go tonight?  I don't think so. I think it could be Laura B.  Thank you. I appreciate that. I trust you girls 100%. When Laura B. Told me  it was my time to go tonight for a moment I was like "I’m screwed."  but Tina, she was telling me that laura's going home. It's gonna be a little  embarrassing for her.  It would be super easy for them to write my name down on the parchment but I feel  like i've done my due diligence when it comes to building trust with these  women so it's not gonna be me tonight.  I should tkpwopblt off with any of you because then she'll be like "why  are you talking to Vytas?" and if she does ask you just like say he was  saying his good-bye. It's like a pride alliance females in control but they  always need one alpha male to keep around otherwise there's no future for the  pride.  I don't know what to do. That's my big dilemma. There's prepar cushions both  ways. Tonight.  Tonight we have to make a tough decision. In my head I think it's smart if we  get rid of Vytas because at some point you have to think long term and if he  makes it to the final tribal council it would be difficult to beat him.  Of course there's a little fear but I trust you guys.  Yeah. At the same time, Laura B. Is the wild card. She makes these decisions  without consulting anyone and to keep someone like that, that could hit the  fan and explode back in my face.  Thank you for Laura B. And her strength as a new person and having so many  lessons to learn and thank you for Vytas' wonderful spirit who brings so much  to this camp as well.  So I don't know what's gonna happen but whatever goes down it's not going to  be pretty.  Jeff: All right, so Laura B. After the challenge what happened when you got  back to camp?  Well, it is obvious that we are four girls and Vytas one man so I took it  upon myself to let him know that he was the one that was going home.  Jeff: Wow. Vytas, so what is your reaction? Somebody tells you "it's  you"?  It was discouraging to say the least. I've come into this tribe and i've been  nothing but trustworthy and i've been genuine with these people. To get that  kind of news, it didn't feel good.  Jeff: Monica, telling people they're going home as pleasant as it sounds is  really risky.  I think it's extremely risky. So if you're in an alliance with people before  you blow the cover we might want to talk about it first.  Jeff: Katie, where do you weigh in on that? Because Laura B. Is speaking for  the group which could potentially impact you.  I agree with Monica. If you're in an alliance you should discuss these things  so we were taken awack. I wish we could have talked about it before.  Jeff: Vytas, it seems like we've narrowed it down to you're going unless you  can convince these women that someone else should go and it sounds like that  could be Laura B. Because she spoke up trying to do the honorable thing in a  game that is anything but honorable.  You know, the last tribal council Kat went home because she wasn't  trustworthy. I mean, I didn't pitch anybody specifically. I've been a great  member of galang and it doesn't matter how many girls you have, it matters  how many trustworthy people you have.  Jeff: Tina, it's a decent argument from a guy who has nothing to lose because  he's on the chopping block tonight.  It's true and Vytas is so much like his brother. Their honesty and sincerity,  they reek of it. Now, could they be fooling you? Absolutely. This is "Survivor."  but if you were going on instinct, that's what you would feel.  Jeff: Vytas, if it's you tonight, what's your story?  I mean, I was in a position where I thought I was going to move forward  really well, then there was a tribe swap, I was the one guy with five girls  and if I go tonight it's unfortunate because I think we can move forward  together pretty well. That would be my story.  Jeff: What do you think your brother will think? Will he be proud of you or  happy you're gone?  I think Aras would be proud of me and I think Aras would be pretty bummed I’m  gone. Our relationship has suffered over the years and there's a few more  steps that we need to grow that much closer together.  Jeff: Laura B. Is, that part of Vytas' appeal that he and his brother have  their own unique story?  Yes, that's part of the reason that I wanted to vote for Vytas because they  do have such a bond. Aras has won before. They're a huge threat in this game.   Jeff: What about you, laura? If it's you tonight, what's your story?  I tried to be myself and put myself out there, let my guard down.  Jeff: So that something you're learning out here?  Yes. I was raised in a quiet family and keep to yourself so I struggle with  letting people know who I am and it's been hard for me.  Jeff: What do you think your husband Rupert will make of the way you played  the game?  I think no matter what Rupert would be proud of me. I've been in Rupert's  shadow for a while and it feels good just to be out here for myself and I feel  like I’m coming into my own and it feels good.  Jeff: Tina, tough decision. You have Vytas who's telling you "look, I’m trying  to bond with my brother." you have Laura B. Saying "i have broken  out of michelle and put myself in a vulnerable spot with you people."  it's horrible. Some people don't come here to make friends. But that's my  goal. I do like hearing the stories. That's part of the joy that I take away  from the hard, hard game.  I've got to say, jeff, everybody here has an amazing story. These are amazing  unique people with great stories but when I make my vote it's who do I think  is the least trustworthy. We should be judged on our merits of the present,  not of our past and how we've played these last 18 days so far. That's it.  Just that simple.  Jeff: All right, it is time to vote. Laura b., you're up.  That was a sweet speech you gave to me at camp today. It should have been  switched around the other way, though.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay, once the votes are  read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote: Vytas.  Laura b. One vote Vytas; one vote Laura B. Laura. That's two votes laura; one  vote Vytas. Seventh person voted out of "Survivor: Blood vs.  Water," laura, that's three, that's enough. You need to bring me your  torch. Laura, the tribe has spoken. You will have a chance to get back in  this game. Grab your torch, head to Redemption Island. Good luck.  Bye, guys.  Jeff: Well, tonight's tribal illustrates one of the trickiest parts of this  game: Every time you open your mouth you risk saying something that can get  you voted out. Grab your torches, head back to camp. Good night. Captioning  brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, media access group at wgbh  access.wgbh.org "Survivor" -- the winner of today's duel will  reenter this game. Someone's coming back from Redemption Island. Who's going  to hold out the longest?  I am not letting go!  Jeff: And what will happen? Drop your buffs, we merged. Blood finally mixes  with water. &gt; hey, guys. I just can't believe that they're keeping Vytas. And they voted me  out. They didn't go with the plan that I thought we were doing so here I am.  I was pretty sure it was going to be Vytas, too.  I know. If I go back in the game I’m certainly not siding with the girls and  that is for damn sure.