<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor": At galang the women were in  control, leaving Vytas, the only male of the tribe, on the outside looking  in.  There's me and there's five girls. I'm the odd man out.  Jeff: Over at tadhana, Aras thought he was in control.  I know Vytas will come with us. I have a really dominant position in the game   Jeff: But it was Tyson who was pulling the strings, gag idle information. And  putting together a majority alliance of five.  Us five. And then it's smooth sailing.  I'm good for that.  Happy?  Solid.  We know we can trust each other because we don't have anyone over there we  trust more.  Jeff: Tyson does it! Tadhana wins immunity. After galang lost the immunity  challenge--  we've decide as four girls you're the next one to go.  Laura b revealed the women's plan, hoping to spare Vytas' feelings.  I felt like I could trust Laura B., but now I just don't know.  Jeff: And in the end, she got her wish. Laura.  Saving Vytas' feelings, by getting herself voted out. Laura, the tribe has  spoken. 10 are left. Who will be voted out tonight? Captioning brought to you  by Survivor productions, cbs, and ford. Drive one.  Well, thanks for having my back, guys.  Thank you so much. Like.  Feel-- I do feel such trust in this group.  Uh-huh.  How lucky are we?  That based on what the numbers are, this is my five. I'm speaking for Aras as  well. No matter what happens, we've got this thing tight, it's locked.  Yeah.  So you think that Aras has Gervase 100% and he won't waver?  Yup.  I believe that, too.  Okay.  And that makes six, and it it goes down tomorrow, that's 11, and six is the  majority, and there is nothing else that needs to be said. The merge is  coming soon. At this point, it's five together no matter what. We're standing  for a certain way of playing this game. We're going to be moral. We're going  to be honest. Even it means our death. That's not how I feel but that's what  I’m rapping to them.  I think Monica at this point had to do more to stick her neck out for us than  Gervase has. And that when it gets down to five and six, that-- you know,  we'd put her in that five spot instead of the six spot.  I totally agree with that.  I think that loyalty should be rewarded.  That means a lot, especially coming from you, Tina.  Well, I do mean it.  Thank you. We just got back from tribal council, and, you know, Tina makes an  announcement tonight that okay, great, we really appreciate everything you're  doing, Monica, and you're number five.  We're in a pretty good spot as long as Aras is on board.  He will be.  If we merge, it's going to be difficult when people come to me with an offer  better than five.  Hey, guys. Guess who?  Hey, who is it? The other laura. Day 18. I they wrote down Laura B., and here  I am. It's a hugely horrible nonstrategic move to get rid of me and keep Vytas.  I think it's ridiculous.  What happened?  Oh, my gosh. The girls were all agreeing to send Vytas home.  That's who I thought was gog walk?  I'm trying to be a nice, honest person, and I told him here I am. And they  didn't go with the plan that I thought we were doing. So.  I was pretty sure it was going to be Vytas, too.  That would have been the smart move.  That would have been the smart move.  I don't understand it.  It should have been Vytas.  Exactly. I don't freaking get it. I don't get it. I think it's a huge mistake  for those girls to leave Vytas in the game. The merge, you know, could be  tomorrow, and here's Vytas joining his brother, joining all those guys.  They're going to take up on the the girls. It's ridiculous. Ridiculous.  Oh, this is rough.  All right.  Oh, my God, here we go.  Oh, my gosh! "the day is here. Do our die. Following today's duel, the  winner will re-enter the game. The losers will leave the game for good."  it's happening today.  This final duel is the only duel that really matters. Un, one person goes  back in the game. Two people go home. This final duel is what i've been  training for, for 12 days. I have to win this duel today. I'd be disappointed  in myself. Candice would be disappointed in me. There is no other way.  All right, i'll make the rice.  I'm either going to go home today. My game is going to be over, or I’m going  back in it. No second place is good enough any more. I have to win if. This  is it. And it's just hard because I told my daughter, I said i'd come back  for you. I have to win this challenge to get back to her.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! Tadhana getting your first look at the new gla tribe.  Laura b. Voted out at the last tribal council. We'll now bring in the  competitors for today's duel. John. Laura m.. And Laura B. Welcome t to Redemption  Island arena and you're final duel. What you have done up until now does not  matter if you don't get it done today. The winner of today's duel will  re-enter this game. Duel will re-enter this game, continue-- your quest for  the title of sole Survivor and the million dollars that goes with it. The two  losers are out of this game for good.  I have mixed feelings about my moom coming back in the game. My mom,  obviously, created relationships over there that weren't that strong so it  could really ruin my game if she came back.  Jeff: Let's get to it. Your final duel is very simple. You will hang on to a  pole for as long as you can. Any part of your body touches the ground, you are  out. It's over. Last person left hanging wins this duel, is back in this  game, and will decide who gets the clue to the hidden immunity idol. This is  it. Take your spots. We'll get started. All right, everybody is in position,  and this duel is on.  I'm already sliding.  Jeff: Laura B. Is struggling right away. Just find your foothold. Don't  panic. You've got lots of footholds below you, too. Seconds into the duel, Laura  B. Struggling, but now appears to have found a spot. The rule is if any part  of your body touches the ground, you're out. So as long as your feet are not  touching, you're still in, no matter how low you may get. John knows of this  duel because his wife, Candice, had it in "heroes versus villains."  so he's familiar with it. The question is who's going to hold out the  longest? * *  Jeff: Been out here 20 minutes. Somebody's going to earn their way back into  this game. John's starting to slide, has to find another foothold. John going  to kick off his shoes, desperate to get a foothold. Maybe that will help. And  he's going to work his way back up. Now the socks are slipping. These  footholds are very narrow. You can't get your whole toe on there. It doesn't  take long before it starts to hurt. John is fighting now, and it looks like  he might have found a good spot. John has recovered. Laura m. Has not moved.  Laura b. Not even using a foothold. She is literally just wrapped around it  like a baby holding on to her mom. Laura m. Not movin'. Ciera quietly  watching. John sliding down once again. John right now is the only one  struggling. And he's slipping more. And more. John is out. ( applause ).  Good job.  Jeff: Nothing to do but let the frustration out.  Good job, John.  Jeff: He fought so hard for so many days at Redemption Island. It is now down  to two women, Laura B., and Laura M.. Both women just wrapped around the  pole. Laura b. Slowly beginning to slide.  Oh, God.  Jeff: Laura B. Now down to her final section. Laura b. Slipping down her  final foothold. She's very close to being out, but she's got another grip. If  you can hold that, you're still in it. But you cannot let go any more or  you'll be out.  I'm not letting go, Laura B. My daughter's on the line here. You're going to  have to pry my arms off of this.  I'm just sliding.  Jeff: quit telling yourself you're sliding. Start telling yourself you're  glue. The more you believe you can hang on, the longer you will last. Laura  b.'s locked in again. That's how you do it. Laura m. Moving for the first  time. Laura m. Starting to slide. Laura b. Hanging in there, but she's  starting to slide a little more. Laura m. Struggling to get a foothold.  Damn it.  Jeff: Laura B. Desperately trying to hang on. Inches away. Laura b. Is out of  this game. Laura m. Has earned her way back into this game. You can come down.   I'm bark I’m back, I’m back.  Jeff: Laura B., voted seconds into this game. Your husband, Rupert, took your  spot pup got another shot. Couldn't get it done. After 19 days out here, what  will you take away from this?  I mean, I feel like I deified the odds. I came out of my comfort zone coming  here in the first place and playing a social game, which is-- I’m a quiet  farm girl. And I’m going to go back the strongest woman i've ever been in my  life.  Jeff: All right, Laura B., your time in this game is done. Grab your stuff.  You can toss your buff in the urn on the way out.  Good job.  I'll leave it gracefully. You guys take care. Thanks, jeff.  Jeff: John, shaking your head already.  Didn't want to leave, jeff. I was out on Redemption Island for 12 days thinking  about this challenge right here. It's just tough to end this way.  Jeff: Can you compare this to some of the tough things probably, you know,  some of the things I had to go through my first year at west point, always on  edge. And this is probably the hardest 19 days i've-- i've experienced.  Jeff: Really?  Yeah. The silver lining if not for my blindside I wouldn't have spent any  days with her out here in the game and I got to spend two days in Redemption  Island. This was a lot harder than I thought it would be.  Jeff: John, after 19 days-- I know it's a disappointment-- your time in this  game is over. Grab your stuff. Put your buff in the urnspd on the way out.  Good job, John. ( applause )  Jeff: Laura M., how does it feel?  Good. I'm still in the game, like it should be. And that's the glory of it.  Jeff: All right, laura, before you officially re-enter the game, you and  everybody else can drop your buffs. We are merged.  Whoo-hoo.  Jeff: I'll let you pass these out, laura. Drop your old one put on your new  tribe color.  And it smells good!  I told you i'd be back.  Jeff: All right, one more bit of business. Because you won the duel, are you  in charge of who gets the clue to the hidden immunity idol. Now, the last  several have been tossed right in the fire. But given that we are now merged,  maybe this has more value. Before you decide anything, you can give this to  anybody you want who is still in the game. That now includes you. I have a  feeling this is going to join the others in the fire. All right, grab your  stuff, head out.  All right!  Glad we made it.  As it stands now, my strategy is to go galang strong, the original galang,  me, Gervase, Tyson, moncarks Tina, plus Vytas and Katie. That's seven. There  are 11 people in the game. We have a distinct advantage.  Where's the food!  Red wine!  Should we set it out?  Let's set it all out.  Yeah, I want one of those salami sandwiches.  Yeah, girl.  We hit the beach. We have a picnic, the merge feast. There's wine and cheese  and crackers and salami. And I’m stuffing my face, but the whole time I’m really  thinking, okay, what can I do here to make sure I stay in the numbers?  Can I have a salami, please?  Oh, my God, I’m so happy.  I can't handle a whole lot of salami.  We had five soiled, me, Caleb, Tyson, Gervase, and Ciera. And now I’m thinking,  okay, is Laura M. Going to come with Ciera or is Laura M. Going to pull Ciera.  Laura m., Katie, and it could hinge on laura. Once the merge hams, this is  when the game starts. This is where Survivor really becomes Survivor.  Laura, how long could you have hung on up there?  Forever.  You weren't tired at all? You didn't look like you were.  My thighs were holding on so hard to that thing. For the first time in 19  days I get to play with my daughter. My plan is us couples have to stay  together. That's six right there. I definitely do need to talk to Ciera. I  have a lot of work to do, a lot of work to do, but I’m still here and I’m not  giving up.  Let's start making the flag.  And maybe we should come up with a name.  Let's go for a walk. People are going to expect it anyway.  Do you want to go down the beach?  I'm going to take her down the beach.  Okay.  All right.  Show her the grounds.  It all comes down to Laura M.  I know.  As long as Ciera is working her.  I think so. We'll keep in touch with them.  Let's go down one more.  Okay.  Playing with your loved one, and then making it to the merge, I feel so  blessed. But then there's also the fact that my mom caused some riffs and had  some enemies, clearly, because they voted her out. And it's all shifted, and  with my mom come back in the game, it could really hurt me. So where do I start?  So here's what's happened. I'm in an alliance.  With-- please tell me Caleb and Hayden.  Yes.  Oh, good.  Here's where it gets sketchy. You make it a little sketchy and here's why.  Because it was an alliance formed on beam pooem without loved ones. It's me,  caden, Tyson and Gervase. And we promised iech other final five. Don't talk  strategy with anybody, no one.  Okay.  So here's the thing, Aras is next to go. I want to make sure my mom is on  board and really understands how we're going to play it. I feel like I’m the  teacher you, you know, teaching my mom the ways, the ways of the tribe. Don't  towk taanyone.  Me and Ciera are the people that are going to decide want fate of either the  couples or the fate of the singles. Who would have thought that here I was on  Redemption Island thinking the game is over, and now I’m in a power position  in this game of who's going to go home?  Just don't play hard.  You going for a walk, tys?  Yeah. Okay, i'll be back. You gotta act fast come merge time, so now the only  factor in the game is finding out where the immunity idols are. When the  tribe swap happened, Hayden gave me all the info he knew about the hidden  immunity idol. I'm pretty sure it's at the giant tree on the way to the  waterfall. Okay. This has to be the serpent tree. This is the serpent. So  maybe if I dig underneath it over here. Ta-da! I'm definitely not sharing  this with anybody else right now. If it works to my advantage to share it  with somebody in my alliance to push somebody else out, that's what i'll do,  but right now, nobody needs to know I have it. I stepped on that probably  like 20 times. Let's see how sweet it is. I hope it's soiled gold. Try it on.  Make sure it fits. Hooray. I have never had an idol before and i've also  never won the show before. Do those correlate directly with one another?  Probably not, but at least this is a little more advantage.  Good job, dude, you made it. You made the merge.  Skin of my teeth, bro.  I knew you would.  I'm so stoked I get to play with Aras. He is my brother and I love him and I want  to go deep in this game with him. Dude, we have a path and it is so perfect.  It is so perfect.  Tina and Katie, we're so in there.  I know.  And Monica, even though she talks a lot and gets around, I totally think  she's on board itw it.  I think so, too,.  And with you and gerks rv.  And Tyson is our seven.  Do we even need the nooed that?  Yeah, we do. Tyson-- definitely keep Tyson around.  Really?  Yeah.  What if he goes on a run?  He can't. He's got a broken arm.  We laid out our plan for the seven-- teen among gervas Tyson, jrve, and Aras  and myself. There are seven of us.  I don't trust Laura M. At all I think she's the scariest person in the game  right now. Getting rid of laura is not because she was on Redemption Island  and back, but she is the safest play. Everyone feels uncomfortable with her.  If people were smart, they would mobilize against us right away. But they're  not going to. They're going to try to get laura or Ciera.  "blood versus water" should in the end be called Vytas versus Aras  because we would be stupid right now not to get to the end.  You want me to tell you what's going on?  Yes. Here's what they're telling me. They're telling me that I’m number 5 and  Monica's happy to make it to 5 because she didn't have a chance in hell in  winning.  Okay, so here's what I have set up.  Okay.  Me and Gervase are tight.  But is he going to flip because Gervase thinks he's final three with Aras and  Tina?  No. I need to tell Monica about the plan to get Aras out because, you know,  you have to show her a little love. You have to show her some respect. Just  to solidify the numbers. You're with us. That's the majority. That's what  we're going to stick with. We take Aras out first and then start plucking  them off one by one. We have the numbers--  here's the thing.  She just likes to repeat the same idea over and over and over again, and I don't  want to be rude to her because I need to keep her close.  The only other option is--  at some point you just have to be, like, "Monica, shut up."  are you sure that Gervase is with you?  I'm sure Gervase is with me.  You're sure.  I'm sure. I'm just like ( size ) give me a rusty spoon so I can dig both my  eyeballs out and try and jam it through my eye socket into my brain. It's  taking all of my patience, all of it.  I want to know where are you with me.  We're anything to the end.  Okay. This was our thing from the beginning.  From the beginning. Me, you, and Gervase.  Listen, i'll fill you in. I had a reality sandwich that it was basically  spelled out, Monica, I’m just going to tell you like it is. You're number  five.  Right.  If Tyson would just say, "I’m 100% with you," I would probably jump  in bed with the whole idea and relax, but then again, it's "Survivor."  how can you relax? I'm not sure. I'm in a big predicament.  Just keep playing along.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! You guys ready to get to your first individual immunity  challenge.  Yup.  Yup.  Jeff: First things first, Laura M., i'll take back the idol. Tribal immunity  is no more. This is what you covet now. Individual immunity necklace with  this around your neck, you are safe at the vote. You cannot be voted out of this  game. Without it, are you vulnerable. Shall we get to it.  Yeah.  Yes.  Jeff: For today's challenge, we're going to test your memory. I'm going to  show you a series of symbols. You're going to repeat them back to me using  your cube. You get it right, you stay alive. You get it wrong, are you out.  Last person left standing wins immunity, is safe from the vote. Losers, one  of you will be voted out of this game and sent to Redemption Island. First  item, barrel. Crate. Cannon. Ship. Compass. Lantern. Now I’m going to ask you  to repeat them back to me. Show me the first item. Everybody has barrel.  Correct answer, barrel. Everybody's right. Next item. Everybody has crate  except for Monica. Correct answer is crate. Monica has it wrong. Monica  you're the first out. Set your cube down. Have a spot on the bench. Find the  next item, and reveal. Everybody has cannon, except for Caleb and Katie. They  both have compass. Correct answer is, cannon. Caleb is out, Katie is out.  Take a spot on the bench.  Loser.  Jeff: Everybody else keep going. Find your next item. Everybody reveal.  Everybody has ship, except for Tyson, and Tina, they both have compass. The  correct answer is ship. Tina is out. Tyson is out. Take a spot on the bench.  Next item, reveal. Everybody has compass, except Hayden, who has lantern.  Correct answer, compass. Hayden has it wrong. Hayden is out of this  challenge. Take a spot on the bench. Not even through the first round and  we've lost more than half of the tribe. Show me the last item in this round.  Everybody has lantern. Correct answer, lantern. Laura moves on, Ciera moves  on, Vytas moves on, rats moves on, and Gervase moves on.  Good job, babe.  Jeff: Next round. We're going to go to seven items now. First item, barrel.  Lantern. Cannon. Lantern. Compass. Barrel. Cannon. A lot of items. You're now  going to repeat them back to me. Show me the first item. Everybody has  barrel. The correct answer, barrel. Everybody's right. Reveal the next item.  Everybody has lantern except laura, who has cannon. Correct answer, lantern.  Laura is out of this challenge. No shot at immunity. Take a spot on the  bench. Next item, reveal. Vytas, Aras, and Gervase all have cannon. Ciera has  compass. Who's right? Correct answer, cannon. Ciera is out of this challenge.  No shot at immunity. Take a spot on the bench next to your mom.  Good luck, boys.  Jeff: And with that we are down to three. One pair of brothers, Vytas and Aras,  one individual, Gervase. Show me the next item. Everybody has lantern. You're  all three right. Next item. Vytas and Aras have compass. Gervase, before I even  show it, feels he's wrong. Gervase shows crate. You're second guessing  yourself?  I know I’m wrong.  Jeff: You know you're wrong?  You're correct, you are wrong. It is compass. Gervase is out. Aras and Vytas  stay alive. The two brothers are showing down. They've had a competition  their entire life. It's playing out again on "Survivor." show me  the next item. Both show barrel. Correct item, barrel. Show me the next item.  Vytas holds up quickly. Aras taking his time. Vytas shows cannon, Aras shows  lantern. One is right, one is not. One has just won immunity. One has lost.  Correct answer, cannon. Aras is out. Vytas wins immunity. Safe at tonight's  tribal council. ( applause )  great job, guys!  Jeff: Congratulations. Individual immunity for Vytas, safe at tonight's vote.  Unfortunately, for the rest of you, after 21 days, somebody from this group  of remaining 10 will be voted out, sent to Redemption Island. Should be a  very interesting afternoon. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. I'll see you  at tribal. Congrats.  Good job. ( applause )  yeah, v.!  The battle of the brothers, once again.  In you need immunity in this game you already have made a few mistakes and I’m  making sure I am not going into a challenge needing immunity. I didn't need  immunity today but I needed to beat my brother, and it happened so I’m happy.   It looks good on you.  Thank you.  Matches your shorts.  Moving forward the biggest threat in the game is Aras and i. We have this  beach locked, and I would be surprised if anybody has the guts to do anything  about it.  I don't trust Laura M.. We gotta get her out.  Yeah.  Okay.  So you guys, you three are gonna vote Gervase?  And then all the boys are gonna vote Laura M.  Right now we have nine pieces working somewhat in unison. Everyone thinks  they're with us. All the boys are voting for Laura M.. Tina, moncarks and Katie  voting for Ciera. In case Laura M. Has the hidden immunity idol, it gets  flushed and Ciera goes home. And if not, then Laura M. Goes home. That's what  we're all intending? All right. And are you okay with it?  Yeah. It's a game.  Here's what I’m scared about.  Do you think Aras has the idol?  And here's the only reason I say that because on my season last time, russell  had it.  No, no, wait. He's so comfortable right now.  Aras?  Is he comfortable because he has an idol?  In my everyday life, I’m my mom's biggest cheerleader, go, mom, go, mom.  That's my natural instinct. But my game side is saying, okay, laura, think  about. Bmayou're doing.  What do you say we throw four votes-- hear me out-- to laura and three to Aras.  Here's why. We go to tribal, and let's say we go and Aras pulls out the idol.   It's the weirdest thing. I've never felt it before. It's a struggle. And I want  to listen to my mom, do what my mom says. But on the same hand, I’m here to  play my game.  Throw four Tina's way, three Aras' way. Aras plays the idol. Tina's out of  the game. Now we have even more numbers.  It's funny because Aras has the plan, which is the men are all going to vote  for laura, and all the girls are going to vote for Ciera.  Let me grab one of those.  We're good still.  That's cool.  The plan with Tyson is that me, Tyson, Monica, Hayden, Caleb, Ciera, and Laura  M.vote for Aras.  You go with the plan.  King Aras.  Sir Aras.  Sir Aras.  It just starts to get a little tricky now because I’m not so sure that  everybody is on the same page because people can say one thing to your face  but behind your back they could say whatever else. I just can't wait to see  how it all shakes out. I think I have-- and I know how it was going to fall  out put I could be totally wrong, which is the crazy part about this game.  Jeff: So, Tyson, let me see if I can set this up. We merge. We have the  original tribal lines. We have the new tribal lines from the switch. And--  top of all of this, there's blood versus water. In this case three, pairs of  true blood.  Correct. And I’m sure the couples want to work together as far as they can.  Jeff: You are sure?  Well, if my brother were here, i'd want to work with him as long as I could.  Jeff: Aras, is that a fair statement?  It's absolutely fair. But right now, there are 11 people here. That means six  people have to come together tonight. Vytas and I can't just trust each other  and be like, cool, we're fine. We have to find four other people who we  really trowft get the majority in this vote tonight so I think it's more  about making relationships with everyone than just Vytas and i.  Jeff: Hayden, if we look at the numbers, there are three pairs of loved  ones-- that would be six-- and there are five individuals. The only hiccup to  that is one of those pairs involves laura who was voted out of this game and  just got back in, and if you look at the history of "Survivor" that  person often is voted out at the very first tribal council which would be  tonight.  There's no doubt, jeff. In past seasons you come off redemption, you tend to  head right back.  Jeff: Does that potentially make laura and Ciera swing votes because she may  not be welcomed back in this game?  Sure, and not just laura and Ciera. You have to assume the pairs are going to  work together so any one of the pairs could potentially be a swing.  Jeff: Katie, why would that make sense if you and your mom could move over to  the individual side and make it a 7-4 game.  Right now I don't know who fit would. We came into the merge with an idea who  we want to work with and I don't want to complicate anything right now.  Jeff: Katie is basically saying, not so much. I'm going to stick with the  loved ones and if that's true, and laura and Ciera bite on that, it's game  over for the individuals.  Right, it's definitely a threatening thing to see there are six of them and  five individuals but you could do that with the guys, too. There are six guys  and five girls. In the end, it's who you trust the most. If you trust the  pair the most, you go with them. If not, you find a different road. So there  are a lot of different ways you could cut pie, and I hope to get the largest  portion of the pie, jeff. ( laughter ).  Jeff: Laura, what's your best play right now? Knowing that you have a target  on your back simply because you were already voted out once?  Yeah, it's like the kid that's been home sick with chicken pox for the last  two weeks and you finally come to school and nobody wants to play with you.  The advantage of having a loved one here is the stuff I can filter through Ciera.  She a great social player. I love the fact they can go to my daughter and  say, "Ciera, I need advice." and my daughter is putting me in  check. It's amazing.  Jeff: Ciera, is that a role reversal or is that how it's always been?  No oorkts a total reversal out here. It's funny, i'll find myself being like,  "mom, relax." "let's just enjoy ourselves." and she'll  look at me, "what do I do?" and I say, "just calm down because  you're freaking me out."  Jeff: Gervase what, do you think will be different after tonight's vote.  I think for the smart players, nothing. It's foolish to act crazy. You have  to stay calm every second of every minute of every hour affects this game. It  could change like that. So you have to be ready when it does. And take  advantage of it.  Jeff: All right, it is time to vote. Caleb, you're up.  We've been friends since the beginning, but I’m sorry.  This is my power move in this game. I love you like a brother, but it's just  how it is.  I voted you down once. I might as well vote you down twice.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has the hidden immunity idol and  you want to play tnow would be the time to do so. Okay, once the votes are  read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, laura.  Laura. Ciera. Ciera. Two votes laura, two votes Ciera Ciera. Aras. Aras.  We're tied, two votes laura, two votes skier atwo votes Aras. Aras. That's  three votes Aras. Aras. That's four votes Aras. Two votes laura, two votes Ciera.  Eighth person voted out of "Survivor: Blood versus water," Aras.  That's five. That's enough pup need to bring me your torch.  Well played guys. Well played. Have lots of fun, okay.  Love you, buddy.  Love you, too.  Jeff: Aras, the tribe has spoken. You will have a chance to get back in this  game. Grab your torch. Head to Redemption Island. Good luck.  See you guys. Have fun.  Jeff: Well, although there were questions coming into tribal council, there's  certainly a little clarity now that it's over. Grab your torches. Head back  to camp. Good night.  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor":  bravo, bravo, you have five jury votes you'll never get expwhrt game gets  ugly.  Vengeance is going to be mine at some point.  Jeff: Just when you thought it couldn't get newscast year. There's a food  eating competition.  Oh, my gosh.  I'm still shocked a little bit. The first time I played "Survivor"  I never got voted out. So to get voted out was a new experience for me. I  think the biggest pain for me is Vytas is in a really tough position now. I  know Vytas is in a really tough position. I wouldn't be shocked if he is the  one who joins me here in twoor three nights.