<br/>Last week on "Survivor":  We are merged. After the tribes merge, the returning players and loved ones  were finally reunited.  This is where "Survivor" really become "Survivor."  Jeff: Back at camp, Tyson found the hidden immunity idol.  I'm definitely not sharing this with anybody else.  Jeff: And two pairs of loved one, Aras and Vytas, and Tina and Katie thought  they were sitting perfect. &gt;&gt;. But that was far from the truth.  You're with us. Woo take Aras out first.  Jeff: Expat tribal council, Aras was the victim of a virs blindside.  Aras, you need to bring me your torch.  Well played, guys, well played.  Jeff: Aras, the tribe has spoken. 10 are left. Who will be voted out tonight?   Well, you guys, that was a great move. As a fan of the shock, Aras did not  see that coming, man, neither did i. So congratulations. That was awesome. It  sucks to see my bro go, though, I will say that.  I loved Aras, too, we all did.  Hey, hey, it's the game, man.  Aras myself and Tina and Katie got completely blindsided. Vengeance is going  to be mine at some point. Knives out, bro. Let's get it on and I will see how  bad I can get you.  Well, I can't keep my mouth shut. So i've gotta say something. Bravo to you.  That was a great move. Monica and Tyson, you won the battle. But you didn't  win the war. Because you've got five jury votes that you'll never get for  flipping. And--  Tina?  What?  You, Katie, and veteas pushed us out.  I didn't push anybody out.  Well, that was Aras' plan.  I don't know that that was his plan. But the thing is, that you all were  never in the alliance.  That's not true. I had an alliance with Aras.  Had an alliance with Arasa well.  We all did, Tina.  Every person? Everybody?  Yes, five.  That's the craziest part, Tina--  look, we all felt like we were his top three. There was one person that was  flipping on everybody, and he's out of the game right now.  Understand that.  And you need to understand that.  I understand.  Because you accused me of something I am not guilty of. "Survivor's"  broken my heart twice, and I think tonight I fell back in love. I knew Aras  wasn't going to take me to the end, and I knew Tina had prioritized Katy in  front of me, so for her to come out and say, "you should be ashamed of  yourself because that's not the way I play the game," ooik lime, "Tina,  if everyone played the game you do, I would win 100% of the time."  not looking good for the home team, and I really am sorry. The thing si chose  which alliance I was going to go with, and I stuck with it. And it didn't  work out. But that's just my game.  It puts us on the outs.  Yeah, me, you, and veteas. You need to further your game because i've got a  much, much bigger target on me. Don't feel like you have to pull me into  anything. If you can further yourself in the game, please, do so. I want that  for you.  My mom mentioned that I need to have a game plan because if tribal happens  and I’m a sitting duck, it's not going to be pretty. So she told me to try to  build my own individual alliance and talk to people and sell my vote. How I do  sell myself when I have my mom on the line?  I love you.  I love you, too. You're not mad at me, are you?  No! The idea of blood versus water, it's hard trying to sell myself without  flowing my loved one under the bus. And that's kind of the issue I’m faced  with. I don't really know how to say, "keep me instead of her."  captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs. Survivor productions,  cbs.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! Guys ready too get to today's immunity challenge.  Yes.  Yes.  Jeff: First things first, Vytas. I'll take the necklace back. Once again,  immunity is back up for grabs. Today you're going to participate in a "Survivor"  classic. This goes back to season one. Gervase was a part of it. It is a food  eating competition in which you will race to get down local delicacies.  You'll compete in a series of elimination rounds. Last person left standing  wins immunity, is safe at the vote. Losers, tribal council, where somebody  will be voted out and sent to Redemption Island. We'll draw for spots, and  we'll get started. All right, take a spot up at the table. We have our first  round of five. Three will move on from this round. Go ahead and take the top  off.  Oh!  Jeff: These are meal worms. There are 40 of them. These are eaten out here  all the time. In fact, fishermen are out, they use these. If they get hungry,  they take a couple for a snack. No big deal in this part of the world. The  first three to get all 40 down and show me an empty mouth move on to the next  round. Here we go. Survivors ready?  Crap.  Jeff: Go! Gotta get them down and show me an empty mouth. Don't think about  what you're doing. Just chew it and get it down. Tyson's good, step back. Oh,  they came up from Vytas. He's got to pick those up, and he is. Several came  out of his mouth. Monica's good. Take a step back. One more. Vytas is still  in it.  Oh, my gosh.  Jeff: Laura struggling. Laura has no shot right now. Katie's in it.  Incredible, Vytas moves on.  Awww fudge.  Jeff: After spitting up meal worms and picking them back up, Vytas, Tyson,  and Monica move on to the next round. All right, we have our next five. Going  to be eating the same thing. Take off the top.  Oh!  They're just like gummy worms, except for grocer.  Tina's are already hopping out. Three will move on. Survivors ready? Go! 40  meal worms. Gervase jumping up and down once again like in season one. Ciera  already spitting them up in the sand. Tina struggling. All you have to do is  get them down.  Dig deep, guys. Dig deep.  Jeff: Caleb spitting them back up. Ciera has given up. That means three out  of four of you will move on. Tina, it's like they're biting her.  You've got it, mom.  You've got it Hayden.  Jeff: Hayden has it! Hayden moving on! We're looking for two more. Gervase  struggling to get them down. Tina still fighting. Caleb's getting very close.   Caleb, come on, let's go, bud.  Jeff: Look at that, Gervase, moving on! We're looking for one more spot.  All right, mom, it's you. Tina spilling hers out.  Caleb, it's all yours, buddy.  Jeff: Caleb moved on to join Hayden and Gervase in the next round. All right,  two people from this round are moving on. Let's reveal the next food item.  What's that?  Jeff: Pig intestines. Everybody has three ounces.  How are they prepared?  Jeff: Beautifully.  I can do this. Com, Monica.  Jeff: Here woo go. Survivors ready? Gervase not messing around. Tyson not  messing around. Caleb taking a big chunk.  Keep it down, Hayden.  Jeff: Hayden has a big chunk. Does not want to spit it up. Then he has to  pick it up.  Jeff: Tyson, couldn't hold it down. Spits up a lot. Back on his plate. It  will be easy to get and put back down. [ gagging ].  Oh, God!  Jeff: It is not easy to get to the end of "Survivor." it is not  easy to get a shot at a million dollars. You're earning it right now. Gervase  surprising everybody. He could barely do this the first time. Here he is  still alive. Vytas making a lot of progress. After his brother is voted off  at the last tribal council, he's got to be worried he is next.  Way to go, Monica.  Jeff: Moncarc the only woman in the challenge, and being very close for being  the own one moving on.  This one for the kids.  Jeff: For the kids! Caleb holding back vomit.  Oh, God!  Jeff: Monica is one bite away from moving on. Monica moves on. [ applause ]  we're looking for one more spot.  Get it, Gervase, come on.  Jeff: Vytas has his last bite in his mouth. Gervase down to his last bite.  It's going to be close.  That a way, Gervase, finish it.  Jeff: Keep it down, Vytas. Fight it, just fight it.  Last bite, you got it. Come on, Gervase.  Jeff: Gervase, has it! Monica and Gervase moving on to the final! Caleb, Hayden,  Tyson, Vytas, no shot at immunity. Take a spot on the bench.  Good try, though, v.  Jeff: And we are down to two. Gervase and Monica. Monica's never competed in  this before. Gervase has. Gervase, you find yourself in a food challenge.  Harkening back to the very first season in which the one food item you  couldn't get down was a grub. Now here are you 13 years later, in the final,  what do you think that last food item is?  Oh, no.  Jeff: Pull it open. Reveal.  Can't do that!  Jeff: You each have two drubs. They weigh the same in combined weight. All you  have to do is get them down. There is nowhere to hide. Only one person moves  on.  Gervase, come on!  <br/>Jeff: Two grubz. Season one. You know I can't do this.  Gotta go for it.  Gotta.  Jeff: All right, here we go. This is it, for immunity.  Golly.  Jeff: Survivors ready? Go.  Come on Gervase.  Jeff: Come on, Gervase! Change history right here!  Get it, Gervase, come on.  Jeff: Fight through it, culpepper. Keep it down! Monica has the first one  down. Monica working on her second. Gervase put both of them in at once.  Gervase, you got it. Two different stories. For Gervase a shot at redemption,  for Monica it would be her first individual immunity.  Jeff: Monica has it! Monica wins immunity! Safe tonight at tribal council.  I'm so happy. Gervase, I love you, and I’m sorry, but this has been... Of  mine for a long time. Thanks for helping me.  Good try, jerv.  Jeff: Monica wins immunity. Safe tonight at the vote. As for the rest of you,  22 days into this game, somebody will be voted out, sent to Redemption Island.  It won't be you. Congratulations. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. I'll  see you tonight at tribal. [ applause ] girls are doing Katie. Tonight, the  plan is four votes vise' way, three votes Katie's way. As of right now, we  don't know if anybody has found the hidden mile. Vytas may have it. Katie may  have it. Tina may have it.  I wasn't the one who came up with the idea to split the votes. Laura m. Was  like, "if there's an idol out there we need to split the votes."  it's one of those things do I tell them I have the idol so we don't worry  about splitting votes or is that going to make me too big of a target? I  don't want to tell people I have the idol so I have to just roll with it.  He's coming up the beach right now.  How was your shower.  How was the talk?  Great.  Which one of us is next?  Only time will tell. [ laughter ].  Going into that challenge, I knew I needed to win immunity to ensure my stay.  And I lost it. So right now, i've got plenty of work to do if I want to be  able to stay around here just another day or two. Well at least give it to me  straight. Am I going home tonight? You owe me that.  I'm going to shoot straight with you 100%. It's going to be you or Katie.  We split for the idol.  This is the way the vote is going to be.  So there are seven. So it's got to be 4-3.  Right.  So hopefully, four will go to Katie. Just give me one more, man.  I can't.  It's a little low to beg for my position on the tribe but I really have no  other play. Just another two days onn this game could lead to another 12 days  in this game, could lead to $1 million. It's scratching and clawing to get  through tonight's tribal. At this point, i'll put Katie's name down if it  gets me further. I think in the end it's just about not turning on each  other. I'm not turning ow girls.  Well, that's obvious, but what do you want to do?  I'm in a very tight jam. I don't know what alliances people have right now.  My mom told me that I have to do what's best for me. So I need to figure out  a different game policeman plan. Whether that includes just me or my and my  mother.  I'm getting nervous. Seven us made a pact that we will split the vote between  Vytas and Katie. So that's what the plan was. However, I’m not really quite  sure what's happening or who is saying what or who's driving the boat. But  why the sudden scramble? It makes me feel very uncomfortable.  I just feel like was it me going home tonight. So there's this mad scramble.  You won.  The boys are voting Vytas.  And we're all writing Katie.  All right, Katie.  That's good because I’m laying here thinking there's a whole lot of  scrambling going on. It must have been me tonight.  Monica's asking why everybody is scrambling around? Why the does she care?  She has the necklace. You're not going home. That just goes to show you how  parnotified a person Monica is.  I know there's seven you guys. You gotta split four to three some way. Split  three on me, please.  Mean, that's what we're doing.  But I just kind of add a little salt in the wound to go right after Aras like  that.  And there's also one less pair out if I stay. As evidenced by last tribal,  you know, pairs are dangerous.  All valid points.  And i'll promise you this, if you keep me around another one, I’m much more  open to giving you my jury vote at the end. At this point, that's all I have  left.  Vytas made some valid points but the main concern for me right now is if the  girls wise up, they could perhaps form an all-girl alliance, sending a girl  home would keep Vytas here and still keep the guys in the strong majority. So  my list opt male right now would be to have Katie go next.  Since Katie is playing harder right now, we should send her.  That's true.  But if we're solid it doesn't matter what order we do it in.  Right, but we should decide right now. Then you can let your mom know.  What are you thinking?  I'll do whatever.  This is when it gets dangerous for someone like me, because I don't want to  come off as the kingpin or the decision maker. I want everyone to feel their  input is what matter matters and just mine. So right now, I have to be very  careful about this vote tonight.  Jeff: Tina, after you get back to camp after the last tribal, Aras has been  blindsided, what went down?  Well, jeff, it was one of those situations where I should have just kept my  big mouth shut. But I just come out cussing Monica.  Jeff: Vytas, it was your brother they took out.  I was really happy Tina said what she did. I was feeling it. You voted out my  brother. Like, I’m going to [ bleep ] you up, man. How dare you vote out my  little brother. I'm my brother's keeper, and if you do that in this game,  i'll do the best to get you back. I couldn't say that then, I’m still still  in this game.  Jeff:you just said it.  I'm saying that's a natural feeling. Everybody has it. I wanted the feeling  to come out first, hey, I get it. I totally get it.  Jeff: Gervase, you can relate a little to Vytas?  Of course, I understand his anger, his resentment, all his emotional feelings  towards Vytas being voted out. When Marissa got thrown out, I said I’m going  to win every immunity challenge. I understand you feel that way.  I know it's a game about betrayal. They're saying Aras had all of these  alliances. He had a couple and people intimidated by Aras or myself blew a  little bit of air into that fire. Number like Monica, who is already so  paranoid out here, she fell for it right away. You tell her she's a door mat,  and you say, tell me I’m a word mat.  I gave you my word. And that's all I have is my integrity out here. I think  you flopped on my husband, and my husband is gone, but I stuck my neck out to  get thru to live vicariously through you all.  You were getting further too. This Monica the benevolent thing. Woo wh we  left galang, it was I’m trusting you and you're trusting me, and you broke  that trust.  Jeff: Katie, is it safe to assume that it's you, your mom, or Vytas tonight?  Yes. Absolutely. It could be me tonight. And if not, then I’m going to look  for the cracks. And hopefully, there's someone here that will make a move.  Jeff: Vytas, what do you say to these guys? What's your case?  You know what? What if the girls try to make a move, and you don't have a guy  left, and the girls are going to have that number. I think that if gitonight,  the women would behoove themselveses to really, and I think Tyson and Gervase  have the most power in their alliance right now. And those should be the guys  that these girls should get out.  Jeff: Okay. It is time to vote. Laura, you're up.  What up, Brad?  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. Hidden mileand you want to play tnow would be  the time to do so. Once the votes are read, the decision is final. Person  voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area immediately. I'll  read the votes. First vote, Vytas. Katie. Thai sun. Vytas. Vytas. That's  three votes Vytas, one vote Katie, one vote Tyson. That's four votes Vytas.  Ninth person voted out of "Survivor: Blood versus water." vise Vytas.  You need to bring me your torch. Vytas, the tribe has spoken. You will have a  chance to get back in this game. Grab your torch. Head to Redemption Island.  Good luck. Well, Katie and Tina, the bad news for you two is that it's very  clear you're on the bottom. The bad news for everybody else, it means you  have nothing to lose. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Dpnt. Good night.   Went to tribal council, and I was told to vote Katie, but with the pressure  that I had been given by Vytas, and the vitriol attack that I had been given  by him at tribal, I chose to write down Vytas. I wrote his name down. Hey, Hayden,  when I wrote Vytas, I said, "what up, Brad?" that's what I said.  Monica at tribal council decided to switch her vote. She was supposed to vote  for Katie, but she decides to vote for Vytas. If anything happened and that  was the reason why Tyson got vote out, I got voted out, or anybody else in my  alliance, I would have lost it. It's simple-- don't rock the boat. Moves like  that make me say you know what? Let's get rid of Monica next. One more straw,  and the camel's back will be broken.  I did not expect to see you last night, man.  You're the one that got us out of the game, bro, come on.  There was no way I could have seen it.  There were signs.  I think Aras is responsible for getting me here because he said he was good.  I mean, I’m not going to bring anybody into an alliance with my brother and  say we're 100% if we're not 100%. He made that mistake. And now I’m here  guilt by association.  I'm still in this game, bro. I don't know if you know that.  It's different, we're not actually in the game.  We're in the game.  It's purgatory.  It's not purgatory. I'm in the game. If I wasn't in the game, I would be  eating a cheeseburger right now. I'm not eating a cheeseburger so I’m in the  game. I'm going to come back and win the game or I won't. See what happens.  My brother has a very negative energy and I have a much more positive energy.  I love him no matter what, but best things don't come when you're  pessimistic. They come when you're open and you're light.  That will be great. If you get out of redemption, I would be just as happy as  if I got out of redemption.  I can't say the same for you. I'm sorry.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yes, sir.  Jeff: First things first, Monica, take it back. Once again, immunity is back  up for grabs. For today's challenge, you will balance the sword on a cheeld.  With the other hand, you will stack coins on the handle. When the stack  becomes too high, it will become hard to balance. The coins will fall. And  when the coins fall, you're out of the challenge. Last person left standing  wins immunity, is safe at the vote. Losers, tribal council where somebody  will be voted out of this tribe and sent to Redemption Island. We'll draw for  spots and we'll get started. Here we go. Everybody grab your sword. Place it  on the shield. First coin you're going to place is a small coin. Now we're  going to add a medium coin to that. Going to add another small coin. We're  going to add a large coin. Biggest one in your pile. You've not used it yet.  Ciera, left hand already shaking and we're just starting. Going to add  another small. And just like that, Monica drops her coin. Monica is out of  this challenge.  Wow.  Jeff: Ciera drops her coin. She is out.  Crazy.  Jeff: You cannot lose your focus in this challenge. If you drift a little,  and that stack falls you could be going home tonight. Home tonight. Add a  medium coin to your stack now. Coin dropped on Tina. Tina is out of this  challenge. No shot at immunity. Take a step back. And we are down to six.  Good job, Katie.  Good job, Katie.  Jeff: And with that, Gervase drops out of the challenge. His shot at immunity  is over. Laura drops her coins. She is out. Everybody else survives this  round, and we are down to four. You're going to add a small coin. Three, two,  one. Release. Starting to get dicey now. Stacks a!ã§ starting to grow, wind  picking up a little. Going to add another small coin. Take your time. Find  one you like. And place it. Caleb is out of the challenge. And we are down to  three. Hayden, Katie, and Tyson. Like statues out here. All right, we're  going to add another medium coin.  Take your time.  Jeff: Here we go. Three, two, one. Release.  Good job, sweetie. Thatta girl.  Jeff: Wind picking up now  Jeff: Wind picking up now . Going to add a large to your stack.  Take your time.  Jeff: Here we go, three, two, one. Tyson drops, Hayden drops. Just like that,  Katie wins individual immunity, is safe tonight at the vote. Everybody else  vulnerable at tonight's tribal council. Katie, come on over. Nice job.  Thank you. [ applause ].  It never looked so good on you, honey.  Work it!  Jeff: Katie, safe tonight at tribal council. After 24 days, one of you will  be voted out of this tribe, sent to Redemption Island, where you will have to  fight to get back in this game. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. I'll see  you tonight at tribal. Congrats.  Thanks, jeff. T's my girl!  Winning the immunity feels like winning the lottery. But right now, we don't  have an alliance. It's just me and my mom flaul, awesome.  I'm so proud of you.  Awesome.  Well, i've got five hours to find that idol. The rest of the day, that's what  I’m doing.  Okay.  And I don't care if they know it.  There she goes.  Tina just took off that way.  Okay.  We're all going to follow Tina, everybody.  I don't even have any clues to where the idols are, except Katie said that it  was between salt water and fresh water. It's like finding a need nel a  haystack.  I don't think she's up this high. What do you think? Shy would have had to  run.  We head out, and we lose her. We lost her on the waterfall trail. I'm  thinking, what the heck. She did get the slip on us.  What do you think? Do you think we should split up?  Want to do that? Okay, do it. The idea was people would follow Tina around in  case she find the idol. We don't have to. I go to everybody and say I have  the immunity idol. We can all take naps. But then I become a target. Today,  we have to baby sit Tina all the time. She looked in the right spot but it  was gone because I moved it to a safe place.  Are we ready to go back?  We are.  Okay! Ready to go back and eat?  Yeah.  Okay.  Or you can stay. We don't care.  Okay.  We'll stay with you.  Okay.  How's it going?  Good, how are you?  I'm good.  Good.  I'm definitely in a mexican standoff, and i've got to find the hidden  immunity idol. They don't know if I have it or not, and if I start searching  for tthen they're going to know I don't have it. So I’m just going to stay  here for a while. I don't know how long. . She find the idol, what?  Split votes between-- if she finds the idol, and her daughter's got immunity.   I'm not sure whose happening. We'll split votes. Between who? Somebody has  got to go home. The question is could it be me.  They're not going find idol. We'll watch them.  All right, we're sticking to them.  Tonight, it's more complicated than I thought it was going to be. The thing  is, is we can't split the votes. Because then Monica feels like she's on  bottom. And she's a real wild card, that girl. You never know what she's  going to do, and that's what makes her dangerous.  Monica has shown to us that she's getting super paranoid, which she has a  reason to be paranoid.  As long as we sticks with the damn plan and stops going renegade.  Know.  What did you write Vytas for. The plan was not to write Vytas' name down.  Loose cannons will always shoot off. And when they do, nine times out of 10  they will sink something you're riding on. I wouldn't mind voting Monica out.   On the off chance, Tina did find the idol, we all just Monica.  We can't have people going renegade. You can't have that happen.  Monica is on the outs because we can't trust her. Even if Tina does not have  the idol, we might have to cut our dispiez say, sorry, Monica. We have to cut  you loose.  Maybe it is Monica. Maybe it's good to go next.  Jeff: Okay, so at the last tribal council, there was a very clear alliance of  seven. Vytas was voted out. So unless somethings that changed that would  leave Tina and Kate netrouble. Katie wins immunity today, and puts it all ow,  Tina.  Oh, yeah. No doubt about that.  Jeff: So what do you do?  Well, I all I could do was try to find the hidden immunity idol but what was  so hysterical is I had baby sitters all day. They went everywhere I went so I  had to pull a fast one and get away from them and and run hide for a while.  Jeff: Did you have time free of your captors?  Twice today.  Jeff: Boy, teen ayou just dropped that, two words "twice today."  read into that whatever you want. Tina, the other avenue you have with seven  people is to find a crack.  You're exactly right, because it cannot be all of these people. I'm sorry.  And, you know, poor Monica, guess what? You're on the bottom.  Jeff: Wow. Monica, Tina's saying, lady, you're on the bottom.  That's fine. People have their opinions. But I’m also working inside the  alliance of seven. And i've had relationships with people from day one.  Hopefully, those relationships will pull through, and we'll see where we  stand.  So are you saying that you don't feel like you're on the bottom?  Um, you know-- whether or not I’m on the bottom, it's clear and apparent that  Tyson and Gervase are together. That Hayden and Caleb are together. And that  both sets of mothers and daughters are together. So do I sometimes feel like  I’m number seven? Sure.  Jeff: Tina, there's your crack.  And, jeff, every tribal council, she's the last one told who to vote for  because Monica, she just talks way too much. And it makes people scared to  death.  Jeff: Gervase, when does somebody talking too much become a liability?  Instantaneously. I don't like wild cards because they can ruin everything  just like that. So I like to know what my hand looks like all the time.  Jeff: So, Monica, what if they just get rifd you tonight? They can get rid of  Tina whenever they want.  Sure, you always have that little bit of doubt. Even today, everybody say,  okay, so we're going to vote Tina tonight. And I said has anybody thought if Tina  has the idol? And the response was, "we'll split votes." I said if  she plays the idol and one has the necklace, who are we splitting votes with?  And then it was, "oh, yeah, you're right."  Jeff: Does it concern you that maybe you're the bottom?  It could very well mean I’m the bottom.  Jeff: Hayden what, situation would it make sense if you were thinking of  splitting a vote to say, "you're right, we don't need to." if Tina  had the idol, it would be one of the seven of you going home if you didn't  have a backup plan.  Of course. We run all the scenarios through our mieppedz, and if she has the  idol and we all vote for Tina, it is one of us going home, as you said. All  we can do is think about it, should we split the vote and take out the  bottom? Maybe we should.  And that's a really silly plan because I’m extremely trustworthy. And I have  not offered or made any person a deal here and asked for one in return. I  don't know how you could ask for a better player.  Jeff: Tina, why qeep you and get rid of Monica?  Well, one of the things strategy-wise I think they need to know, to lose Monica  tonight would not be that crucial as far as numbers are concerned. They were  going to plan a blindside on somebody, but they did not want to do it unless  they absolutely had to. And the only way to ensure a blindside tonight would  be if I found the idol. So maybe I have. Maybe I haven't. We'll just have to see.  .  Jeff: All right, it is time to vote. Laura, you're up. Laura, you're up.  What an inspiration. Thanks for the fun. Stwr.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has the hidden immunity idol and  you want to play it, now would be the time to do so.  Jeff. I wish I found it! But I didn't!  Jeff: All right, once the votes are read, I decision is final. The person  voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area immediately. I'll  read the votes. First vote, Monica. Tina. Tyson. One vote Monica, one vote Tina,  one vote Tyson. Two votes Tina. That's three votes Tina. Tina. Four votes Tina.  Tenth person voted out of "Survivor: Blood versus water. Of the Tina,  that's five, that's enough pup need to bring me your torch.  I love you, sweetheart. Thank you, guys.  Jeff: Tina, the tribe has spoken. You will have a chance to get back in this  game. Grab your torch, head to Redemption Island. Good luck.  See you all tomorrow.  Bye, mom.  Jeff: Well, Katie, the bad news sulost your mom. The good news is, this  alliance of seven is not nearly as tight as they seem. You've just got to  find your way in. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night.  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor." in blood versus water, the only  thing harder than voting someone out is voting out your loved one.  My mom is easy let's biggest target right now.  I'm okay with my mom not being in the game. My mom needs to go. Captioned by  media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  honey, I’m home!  T.t.?  Yes. It's not-- you get a second shot. I'm going up against two really tough  competitors, but everybody has a chance.  I'm just real happy we can give Tina a hug, set her a blanket by the fire,  and send her on her way tomorrow.