<br/>jeff: Welcome, everyone, to the two-hour finale of "Survivor: Cagayan"  brains versus brawn versus beauty. We are live in los angeles. ( cheers and  applause ). Full of "Survivor" fans. It's a tough ticket to get.  Clearly they're amped up. And I know you guys are, too. It is a very exciting  night. We're going to be live throughout the two-hour finale. And then we  have the live reunion show. All right, that's good. You earned your keep. You  earned your tickets. And then we have the the reunion show where we will  bring back all of the players and rehash what went down and there's  definitely a lot to talk about from this very good season. You can share your  thoughts about the season and the finale@jeffprobate on twitter. This is my  living room for tonight, tribal council. I hope you settle into yours, lay  out your snacks, put your feet up, call your friends, and get ready for a  night to vote to your favorite show "Survivor."  jeff: "Survivor" is the biggest social experiment on television,  and this season, it was taken to another level. 18 castaways were divided  into three tribes based on the personality traits they used most in their  daily lives. Welcome to "Survivor: Cagayan." ( cheers and applause  ).  Yeah!  Jeff: Brawn.  We're going to stomp on beauty and we're going to stomp on smart.  Jeff: Brains.  I guess we're the nerds. I don't know.  Jeff: And beauty.  I think we're beauty.  Jeff: The only question was which quality would prove the most valuable. The  brawn tribe quickly lived up to their name. Putting their muscles to good use  and building a strong tribe.  I could tell that we're definitely going to dominate.  Yeah!  Jeff: The beauty tribe thrived as well.  You got it?  Fire!  Jeff: Turning a tough game into a virtual vacation.  I'm lovin' 'our tribe. You guys are the bomb.  Jeff: But the brain tribe was a different story.  No, no, no, flat side.  Jeff: They overthought everything.  We're going to have four stakes, three feet high.  Jeff: And it was a disaster.  Not very smart for the brain tribe.  Jeff: They were one of the worst tribes in "Survivor" history. They  couldn't get along--  sound like the mental patient. You left the mental patient alone and I went  crazy.  Jeff: And they couldn't win a challenge. There it is, brawn wins, sending the  brain tribe to tribal council once again.  How did we come up with the criteria for brains? I'd like to see that data.  Jeff: Fortunately for them, there was a twist in the game. All right,  everybody, drop your buffs. We're going to form two new tribes. After the  switch, the three remaining brain members were all on the new Aparri tribe  where they found themselves on the top the food chain. Over on the new Solana  tribe.  Man, look at the shelter.  Jeff: Brawn had a 5-2 advantage over LJ And Jefra. But math was never their  strong suit.  I want to get Cliff out.  Hey, let's pound on it, all right.  Jeff: And they began to turn on each other.  I don't like Cliff. Cliff is a very influential person.  Jeff: Fifth person voted out of "Survivor: Cagayan," Cliff. Cliff  was blindsided in a shocking vote. And when they couldn't get along --  everything about you I cannot stand.  Let me make this really clear to you-- I don't like you.  Jeff: Lindsey just plain quit. Lindy is pulling herself from the game.  She was the body, clifs was the head. Two for the price of one.  Is that a row boat?  I think something's brewing.  Jeff: When the tribes merged--  we come in peace!  Jeff: The division of power was clear.  There is a group of five, which is my alliance, and a group of six half  brain, and half beauty, and then you have Sarah.  I will decide the fate of this game.  Another idol with different powers is hidden somewhere near your camp.  Jeff: And a new idol with different powers was put in play.  It was powerful enough on its own and now it's special powers.  Jeff: But the first tribal council after the merge turned out to be a  defining moment. Multiple idol were played--  i'd like to give it to LJ  Hold on, jeff.  Jeff: Yes.  I'd like to cover Tony's ass myself.  Jeff: This is also a hidden immunity idol. Kass flipped on her alliance, and  the most comfort tribemember was blindsided.  Kass, zero chance of winning game.  Jeff: From that point on, there was only one rule for "Survivor: Cagayan--"  play hard or go home. There were things we've never seen before--  it's a race.  Jeff: Battles for hidden immunity idols.  You have two different alliances looking for an idol at the same time.  Jeff: Drawing rocks for an advantage. Tony draws the advantage.  Whoo!  I'm the greatest losener "Survivor" history.  Jeff: And even a spy shack.  Bing!  Jeff: There were also immunity runs. Tasha wins individual immunity  superpower she does it, Tasha wins immunity. Tasha wins. Blunders.  Come on down, brother.  Jeff: Idol finds.  I love you so much. I have two idols. Even the special idol.  Jeff: And good old-fashioned blindsides. LJ Jefra. When all the dust settled,  two brain and three brawn remained, and the last tribal council was no  different than the rest. Wow, big reaction. Tony bluffed about his powerless  idol that he's hoping will be his ticket to the end.  Five people left. I have to use it, and I have another surprise for them when  I use this idol, jeff, but I won't disclose that yet as of now.  Jeff: Trish.  It was another devastating blindside.  Jeff: Trish, the tribe has spoken.  Thank you, good luck.  Jeff: And Spencer was left at the bottom once again.  Jeff: Well, you have made it to the final four, and my prediction is it is  going to be a wild finish. Power are left. Tony-- this new jersey cop will  stop at nothing to win the game. He's found three immunity idols and has oh,  straight multiple blindsides. Will his aggressive game get him to the end or  will it backfire?  I'm probably the villain, but everything I did was survival based. I came to  win a million dollars, and my focus is still to win a million dollars.  Jeff: Woo-- this martial arts instructor is a social and physical threat. But  to get to the end, it will take something different from within.  Being able to adapt is very critical. You put water into a bowl, you gotta  become bowl. If I continue to do that, then I have a great shot at coming out  on top.  Jeff: Kass. She nicknamed herself "chaos Kass" and it wasn't far  from the truth. She has been the center of conflict, and never afraid to  change the game. She'll take down anyone who stands in her way.  This is a game. I’m not your friend. I’m not here to be your friend. I mean,  it's "Survivor." no one has integrity. It's a million bucks.  Jeff: Spencer-- his game has been one wild ride. He's gone from top to bottom  more than any other Survivor. But through it all, he has never given up. Will  this underdog finally catch a break?  I have to go into this out for blood, ready to win at all costs because this  is it. This is my shot at the million dollars right in front of me.  Jeff: Find out tonight who will win the million dollar prize and title of  sole Survivor. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs,  nice tribal, guys. That's one for the books. That was crazy. Wait, so, Tony,  you voted for Trish?  Yeah.  Why did you vote for Trish?  Because I don't play the game on emotions, Kass. I play it strategically.  Did you talk to Woo about the fact you were going to do that?  And I do not feel good about it at all. She hasn't hurt nobody. She hasn't  blindsided anybody. She hasn't done anything for anybody to dislike, and you  can't take somebody like that to the end. It's as simple as that. I’m a  little sad that I had to oust one of my best allies, one of my most loyal,  most honest, most sincere allies which was Trish. But I had no choice. And I feel  horrible about it, but I think it was the most strategic move for me to make.   Congrats, guys.  Congrats, spence, man.  Congrats, Kass.  Final four, that's awesome.  Congrats, everyone.  It's a beautiful thing, man.  I can't believe I’m at the final four. I mean getting thrown under the bus  time after time after time. I’m amazed that I’m here. But tribal was  demoralizing when Tony pulled out his second idol that looked similar to the  normal idol that was heavier and tied around a string.  The same thing, as you know, that if you didn't have a necklace, you can't go  to the finals because you're a threat.  Right.  Same thing as me. I know if I didn't have protection, I wasn't going to the  finals. I’m guaranteed final three so it's up to me pretty much.  Someone could win immunity.  Fending on what the powers are. That I’m not going to discuss it any further.   If Tony is actually guaranteed the final three, like he claims, it's going to  mean problems for me. We've been arch rivals the entire game, and if he makes  it to the end, it can be good for my game.  Potentially who you wins.  The vote will be 3-1 or 2-2 for the other two, and I don't know how Tony's  idol figures into all of that. We'll see.  We will see, man. Back home, on my motherland, I’m a police officer, I can't  be corrupt. Out here all I’m doing is bluffing and I’m lying my ass off.  Kass, how shocked were were you when he pulled that out.  I was surprised he had it.  I have been telling them about the idol, and i've been bluffing saying I can  use it for final four. This is nothing more than a souv year. It's useless in  this game. Today was the last day I could use it at tribal council. The only  thing I have going for me right now is my bluff but if I don't pull this off  and I don't win an individual immunity necklace, I might be in serious  trouble so close to the end where it's going to hurt the most.  Trish had an evil side. She was pretty harsh yesterday. She has a huge capacity  to hate. She hates Lindsey. She hates me. She hates Morgan. Why does someone  hate something so much? Tony is an idiot. Paranoid, and emotional. And last  night, he made a paranoid decision. He didn't think about it. He didn't think  that people were capable of disliking Trish. When in reality, I’m pretty sure  almost everyone dislikes Trish. Why should I let her walk all over me?  She didn't. She's out. She's out. You won. You get the last laugh. Don't you  get it?  I get that. I think they made a mistake yesterday in voting out Trish, but it  wasn't me, so I don't care. And Tony, I mean he's got all these idols.  I'm safe.  I know you're safe.  I can do whatever I want. That's why I can go and be cocky and confident in  my game.  But he hasn't had to do much. He was on a winning team all the way up to the  merge.  What's that? Maybe it's final four treatment.  I hope it's like a picnic. A couple of baskets of bread and cheese.  I'll take it.  Who's that? Food? Are you kidding me?  That's your husband.  Oh, my god! My husband's here.  What? We were laying around, and it was, like, the "love boat"  showed up, and there was my husband. This is a huge part of anyone out here's  life. So, yeah, I might cry. Damn it. I’m not supposed to be-- where are my  devil horns.  You don't know what i've been through.  I can imagine.  I love you.  I love you.  I'm not an emotional guy, but it was powerful.  Everyone gives you a hug and a kiss.  Right in front of me is my sister, who loves me unconditionally, and it was  the best surprise of the game. Game.  Man. Why couldn't she make it, because of the baby? I’m looking around,  looking around. I was looking for my wife, and I didn't see my wife.  Man, you look like a different man.  I seen my best friend arnold, and it sucked because I was anticipating my  wife,un. I was looking forward to seeing my wife. But I just don't think she  could leave a four-month-old baby to come out here. It was hard enough for me  to do it, but I know it was her mom's hands. Did you see baby before you got  here?  Yes, yes.  How was she?  Beautiful, beautiful. Grown, awesome. When you see herk I mean, it's going to  be such a change.  Arnold told me everything about my little baby. He told me-- he told me that  my baby is almost twice the size. I was so happy to hear that. You know, my  daughter is in her mom's hands. I’m at peace.  Hey, Woo. This is my friend arnold.  Arnold.  Marissa couldn't make tman.  Your wife's doing well, the baby's doing awesome. After 37 days out here, see  blood, see family. There's nothing more fulfilling. My little cousin mikey  looked like an angel. I saw his face-- and you just get psyched.  Congrats, everybody.  Final four.  Congrats, guys.  Cheers.  I think it's time for us to eat, man.  Yeah.  I see some bread. Peanut butter and jelly, spence.  A basket of mango juice and grape juice. Oh! It was so good and then we have  a fat thing of crunchy peanut butter I have been dreaming of for the past 37  days. You know, we're sitting there. And I’m like hey, you want to check out  tree mail?  Tree mail.  Oh, hold on.  It says, not a good time to be afraid of heights. Go ahead and jump right on  in. You can be the next to join the jury unless, of course, you wi win."  immunity today?  That's what it sounds like.  What!  I don't really care.  I'm going to win this immunity challenge. I’m picturing it now, sole Survivor,  young Woo huang. Winner of a million dollars. And I can picture posing with  christina hamilton, my lovely girlfriend, after getting permission from her  mom and dad, of course. Starting my family. Starting a life. But, you know,  one step at a time. &gt; yup.  But it's gone fast. Did it go fast at home?  Oh, yeah.  But I’m here.  You are here.  Final four.  Yeah.  I'm not a goat. I’m just hated. People will come down on me, especially the women.  But I’m just going to argue to the women that I came out here and I played  like a man, and you can't fault me for that. If I were a man and I made all  the moves I made, I would be-- I would be strategic. But because I’m a woman,  I’m a bitch. I do respect my husband and I love him. And I am the last woman,  you know. I guess for him to see that probably shows him a different side of  me. I’m just going to be like, "think about it, girls. Think about it.  You want me to come out and be your momma or do you want me to come out and  win? What's the better role model." hopefully people will give me credit  for that. My husband knows I’m tenacious. He's seen me battle in court and  kick some ass, and often chaos is a part of that, keeping the other side on  their toes.  I know I’m going to give everything I have, and I can be at peace with what  happens because I know i'll leave having tried everything I can try. I have  to go into this immunity challenge out for blood, ready to win it's all costs  because this is it. This is my shot at the million dollars right in front of  me. It's do or die. And I don't plan on dying.  Jeff: And you thought there wasn't going to be a loved one visit. One of the  questions I get a lot is while the finale is going on, this final two-hour  episode, where are the contestants? Today, they're down in the basement here  at cbs in the green room. We made a little "Survivor" lounge. Come  on in. It's only the players. There's no family members in here. We've got--  yeah, Woo trying to get a little camera time like he hasn't been on the show  for the last three months. Jeremiah, j-tia, Spencer, Garrett. Here's the vibe  in here tonight. Because sometimes the vibe is uncomfortable because of  what's gone on in the show, but this season, I have to say, not only have  they played a really great game, everybody in here really does seem to get  along, and I think we just had the right balance. This is one of the great  groups of all time in "Survivor. Of okay, we have it. Our final four.  Immunity challenge is next, and I’m telling you, it is one of the best  challenges you will see on this show. Epic! Be right back.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Welcome, loved ones. So, Kass, what is that like to  see your husband roll up in a boat?  Great surprise. Especially for me who as we all know, has been a little hated  out here.  Jeff: Tony, so what is it when you have your bud weyou? Is there a sense of  safety that for a moment there's someone here I know I can trust?  Oh, absolutely, jeff. I mean, everybody could agree to that. Alliances in the  game, and alliancefrom childhood friend friendship in real life is totally  different. Alliances here, you could break them. You could make all the  promises you want to anybody you don't know. But people you grow up with,  people you love and care about, those promises are forever, jeff. It's not  like the game at all.  Jeff: Can you give us some insight into Spencer, just one sentence that will  help me understand this young man?  This man is neurotic. Everything he does, he does it like full. Everything--  he'll start a hobby, say, yeah, this is kind of cool. Exi talk to him a  couple of weeks later, "this is my whole life! ."  jeff: Woo, 37 days in, what is it like to have a family member? What does it  give you to help you get to the end?  It rejuvenates you, jeff. I feel like I have a second wind, extra motivation  to go up on the today and kick some butt.  Jeff: Your loved ones have been invited to watch you participate in a very  important immunity challenge. Shall we get to it?  Yes, sir.  Jeff: First things, first, Spencer. Have to take it back.  He'll get it in a second.  Jeff: Wow, his sister just as confident as he is. See if you're right. For  today's challenge you'll be perched on top of a pole in the ocean. On my go  you'll use a bucket to retrieve water. You then pour that water down a chute,  raising a key. Once you have the key, swim back to shore, unlock a bundle of  puzzle pieces and use them to solve a block puzzle. First person to finish  their puzzle wins immunity. Guaranteed a spot in the final three. Losers go  to tribal council, where somebody, sadly, after 37 days, will be voted out of  this game. We'll draw for spots. We'll get started.  Jeff, this is no joke.  Jeff: Imagine this is a foot off the ground.  That ain't working.  Come otone!  Kass, do you feel it shaking?  Yes, I’m totally freaked out, Tony.  Jeff: All right. Here we go for immunity and a spot in the final three. Survivors  ready? Go! The more water you get in that bucket, the more you have to pour  down that chute.  Come oSpencer!  Jeff: Wind is going to play a factor today. Spencer moving quickly.  Come on, tone!  Jeff: Tony doing a nice job. A lot of movement for Tony that round. Everybody  off to a quick start, except Kass. Nervous this high up, the wind is blowing.  Nothing's easy when you get to day 37 on "Survivor."  pull it up! Work it up! There you go, babe.  Jeff: Kass really wobbling, really taking her time.  There you go, get it!  Jeff: That was a waste of time. None of that water got in. Tony with another  nice pour.  Yeah!  Jeff: Spencer with a nice job.  That was a good one!  Let's go, Woo!  Jeff: Woo with a nice pour. He's in this now. It is Spencer and Tony right  now neck and neck. Tony has a great system going.  Let's go, tone!  Jeff: Kass once again, nothing. It is Tony in the lead, then Spencer, then Woo.  Woo with a nice pour.  Come on, Woo!  Jeff: Once that key is close enough, you can reach it, grab it. Spencer with  another nice pour. Can he reach the key? No, he's got to go again.  Go, tone!  Jeff: This could do it for Tony. Tony close enough. He has the key. Jump in.  You're done here.  I can't jump, in jeff. I don't know how to swim.  Jeff: Tony going to lose some time. He's got to climb down. Once again, Tony  with an early lead in an immunity challenge. Kass falling out of it.  Come on, tone!  Jeff: Spence wer a nice pour. Will it be enough to get his key? Spencer  inches away.  Oh, my god! Oh, my god!  Jeff: Spencer has his team.  Jump!  Jeff: Woo with a nice pour. Woo very close but can't reach it.  There you go!  Jeff: Kass now starting to get in on it.  Tony, you're on blue.  Jeff: Tony now back at the beach. Spencer now pack at the beach. It is the  same we had at the last challenge. Tony had an early lead but Spencer caught  him and passed him.  Come on, Woo!  Jeff: Woo with a nice pour. He's got enough. He can reach his key. He's got  it! Woo has the key! Woo swimming in now. Kass the last one left out here. Kass  having a lot of trouble getting the waiter in the chute. Three people in it.  It is Tony working on his puzzle. Spencer working on his puzzle. Woo now back  to shore.  Let's go, Woo.  Jeff: It is a complicated puzzle. Sometimes they look right but they're in  the wrong spot. Spencer starting to make a little progress on his puzz pem Tony  still trying to figure it out. Woo just getting the pieces untied. Kass still  struggling out on the perch.  There you go! There you go!  Jeff: An absolute disaster. Kass' rope stuck now on the challenge. Can't use  your rope to get the key. Going to have to climb down and unhook it.  Climb down and get it off of there. You have, like, two buckets, you're on  the beach.  Jeff: Slow going early on for toney and Woo.  Come on, Spencer!  Jeff: Spence wer another piece. It looks good from this side. Spencer with  another piece.  Take your time.  Jeff: Kass back in it.  There you go, babe.  Jeff: Got to get that bucket up and get some more water in that chute. Three  people have made it through this section and working on the puzzle. Spencer  making a lot of progress. If he's right. &gt;&gt;, of course, he's right.  There you go!  Jeff: Kass very close. Can she reach it? Kass has her key. Get in the water!  Jump, baby!  Jeff: Swim it back, let's go!  Come on, you can catch them!  Jeff: It is a complicated puzzle. You can expect nothing less 37 days into  this game. There is a lot of trial and error. Tony hasn't had a lot of  success with puzzles. Kass back. She can unlock her puzzle pieces.  It's your strong suit, honey.  Jeff: Kass is good at puzzles, but she's lost a ton of time to Spencer, Woo,  and Tony. Tony still looking for his first immunity win. Spencer still in the  same spot.  Look at the other side, spence!  Jeff: Kass slow and steady like she always does in puzzles. Kass never  panics. Tony and Woo tend to throw pieces around, make quicker moves. Spence  wer another piece. He's getting back on track. Kass with another piece.  You're good. There you go. There you go.  Jeff: Kass was completely out of this challenge but she's still fighting. Tony  swaps one piece for another. Woo changing out pieces. Spence wer another  piece. Kass making some progress now, starting to close the gap. Kass is  definitely back in this challenge after a horrible beginning.  You got it! You are right on there, honey. There you go!  Jeff: Kass now has the moment pup it's Kass and Spencer. Spencer with another  piece. It is neck and neck right now. Spencer down to a few pieces left. Kass  down to a few pieces left.  Oh, god!  Jeff: Spencer and Kass battling it out for a guaranteed spot in the final  three.  Jeff: Spencer so close. Can't figure it out.  Come on!  Jeff: Kass two pieces away from one of the biggest comebacks this season.  Yes!  Jeff: Kass wins individual immunity.  Oh! Yeah!  Jeff: Accountable comeback!  Oh, baby! Wow. My gosh! Awesome! What a day! What a day to win it!  I needed you, babe. That's all I needed.  My god, man.  Jeff: Kass come on over. ( applause ) I have run out of superlatives to  describe the amount of comebacks this season. Cooperate have come at a better  time. Kass individual immunity. Cannot be voted out at tonight's tribal  council, which means she makes it to the final three. And after 37 very tough  days, Tony, Woo, Spencer, one of you going home tonight. Time to say good-bye  to your loved ones. See you tonight at tribal council.  I had to win, and it meant so much, and so losing in itself is devastating,  but to lose to a brain-dead weasel like Kass. That's the most humiliating way  I could have lost today. But I care too much to go out of a game like this  without doing everything I can. It's time to play my ass off. The best part  of today is I get to send Spencer home. And it levels the playing field. It  gives me a far better shot at winning.  I'm glad you got a chance to win.  That was impressive, Kass. That was awesome.  My plan when I flipped was to try to go to the end with two brawns. Today I sealed  my fate. I’m going with two brawns, and I feel good against either Woo or Tony.  The challenge beast is out. You can't put it way.  I just the wanted one time to wear that necklace, and I can't wear it ever.  Spence eKass, and Woo are still under the impression I have an idol I can use  at idol foyer so I still feel safe. All I wanted was to wear the immunity  necklace one time. I wanted to win one challenge.  Tony, it doesn't have to be now, but could we have a conversation right now.  I'm crying not getting a chance to wear the necklace, and Spencer said that's  what I want to talk to you about.  I wanted to talk to you because I have a feeg of what's happening in the game  and I want to you hear it because I think it might make you think a little.  It is a final two. It is a final two.  Why are you saying that, man?  Because every time-- and this is something a fan can tellue every time at the  last immunity challenge, at the final four immunity challenge, jeff doesn't  say a spot in the final three. He says a spot in the final three and a chance  to pleads your case for a million dollars.  I heard that.  It's final two.  We walked to tree mail, and he said it's going to be final two this season. He's  a super fan so I’m listening to him and he makes all the sense in the world.  If I leave, you go to the final three, there are no idols, nothing.  That's it.  It's immunity-- and whoever wins immunity--  takes the person with.  And she'll take Woo.  And who do you think Woo would take?  Kass.  Not a great position for you. If I’m there I’m still the person people want  out. If it's me, you and, Kass, Kass votes me out over you.  I understand.  I'm trying to make a pitch to tone tow keep me, believing it's a final, two  and being that that's the best way for him to get to the end. What I’m saying  is that if you go with Woo and Kass, if either of them win--  i'm out.  You're screwed.  It makes sense.  Uh-huh.  At final four, a tie is a fire-making competition. A tie is a lot better than  going home. If it's a final three, I wouldn't even try to plead a case  because it would be so obvious they need to go. But I really think it makes  sense to take me. Me. Tony is my last hope.  I just need to think, man.  What do you think spence is working on?  Probably working on getting me out.  We would be stupid not to get rid of spence.  Yeah.  And I’m not changing my mind on that.  Okay, cool.  No matter what Tony's antics or shenanigans are.  I sit down with Kass and she's like, we're voting for Spencer. And I’m like  phew! Good. But Spencer is still making moves, being tired, being hungry,  being thirsty, I don't recall what happens if it's a tie in the final four,  how does that work? I know I won't be abe to vote. Spencer won't be abe to  vote. Then if it goes to another tie, then, man, we're going to have to draw  rocks? The jury? We fight for it? I don't know. What happens? Is the first  one to be able to make a fire? Anything could happen at tribal council.  I know I’m voting Spencer. And I know Woo is voting Spencer. If Tony and Spencer  vote Woo, it could end up a tie, which is broken at this stage by a  fire-making challenge. Does Tony want to force that? Spencer would probably  love to try that or try anything. And either way, it's not me. So fire off,  do whatever you boys want to do, to med welyour game, but I’m sitting pretty  and I’m not handing my necklace to anyone.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Sarah. Morgan. LJ Jeremiah.  Jefra. Tasha. And Trish voted out at the last tribal council. All right, so  let's talk about today's challenge. Kass, you had a comeback that if I hadn't  seen it with my own eyes I wouldn't have believed it.  Jeff, there was a point when I was thinking, you know, this challenge is  going to be over, and I’m still going to be stuck up here on this giant pole  in the water because I am scared to death to jump from this height. But  hearing my husband's voice and having him encourage me, I mean, just having  someone there cheering me on, I knew it.  Jeff: Tony, you guys got a surprise visit this morning from your loved ones.  What did that do to the spirit inside you?  It was bittersweet, jeff. We saw a boat pull up. I’m looking through the  crowd hoping to see a short blond green-eyed lady which is my wife, and I see  my friend. But I was very pleased to see him and it gives you a big lift, a  huge lift.  Jeff: Spencer, the look of despair on your face when Kass won the challenge  today. It's the first time in 37 days i've seen emotion if you.  Today was an emotional day for me. I mean, the loved ones. Tony says it was  bittersweet. For me, that wasn't the case. It softened me up. And my sister  said it best today at the challenge eye am neurotic. And this will bite if I leave  the game two days short of my dream.  Jeff: So what case do you make?  I think Tony is in a great spot to win. Right now, if we're looking at a  final two, and Tony takes me out, then if Kass wins or if Woo wins the next  immunity, should vote Tony out right behind me. However, if Tony keeps me in  the gairnlg votes out Woo, because Kass has immunity, then if Kass wins or if  Tony wins, Tony gets to that final two. And I will say, Tony, in front of the  jury, if we ended up in a situation where I had to choose between taking you  and someone else to the end, I would take you, and I would ask the jury do  not vote for me. I will take myself out of the running, if I did not honor  that.  The way it is now, I would be nervous to go to the end with you.  I think you would beat me handily, Tony. You played the better game.  Jeff: Woo, how about for you? You're either a perfect person to take to the  end because the story will be what did Woo do? Or you're the worst person to  take to the end because you haven't offended anybody.  I've been a player. I've just been a little more inconspicuous because I’m not  very outspoken, but i've been an instrumental part in those big moves.  Jeff: Kass, you're really in an interesting situation. You are a part of this  threesome with toney and Woo, but you started the game with Spencer. You have  immunity around your neck. So it gives you some freedom to sit back and say I  have one bullet in this gun. I am going to take at shot and see what happens.   I love options jeff. We can't get rid of Tony tonight. Woo is a potentially  likable plaib plair that hasn't burned any bridges and hasn't lied to anyone.  So if it's a bitter jury, Woo will win. If it's not a bitter jury, Tony or I have  a shot.  Jeff: Is there a part of you concerned, Tony, if there is another tribal, you  moeb the target.  Well--  yes.  Kass, do you think you could beat me over Woo?  I have a better chance against Woo, I think. Not Tony.  Whoa!  Oh, snap. Oh, snap. All right. So, yeah, that makes me the target of  elimination for the next round.  Right.  Which is exactly what he's saying.  If Woo had his head on straight, he would take Kass over you. Kass is easier  to beat than you are, and Kass would take Woo over you, meaning you would  have to win immunity.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Kass, you're up.  I made the only argument I could make.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes.  Jeff. I just want to explain the special idol. It says this idol can be  played after the vote are read. That's the special powers that this idol has.  However it can only be played with five remaining players left. That's the  last time I can play it. Today there are only four, so this idol is  absolutely useless tonight. So the way I used it tonight is by wearing it  around my neck. If my name appears three times, I’m going home tonight. I hope  that's not the case.  Jeff: Okay. I'll read the votes. First vote. Spencer. Woo. One vote Spencer,  one vote Woo. Spencer. That's two votes Spencer, one vote Woo. One vote left.  14th person voted out and the eighth member of our jury. Spencer. You need to  bring me your torch. Spencer, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  Adios.  Jeff: Well, congratulations on making it to the final three. Tomorrow, you'll  compete in your final immunity challenge. Try to get some sleep. Grab your  torches. Head back to camp. Good night.  I gave the only argument I could at tribal council. It was tough. I’m heated.  "Survivor" isn't a game for me. "Survivor "is a  approximation for me. So 37 days of "Survivor" being my life and  that being over is a tough pill to swallow. I think I learned a lot from the  game, and something can come of this misery that was "Survivor."  you're feeling at home, but we have an excited audience. But I was going to  say we have a lot of disappointed people in the house because Spencer was one  of the most popular plaishz this season. You saw him walking out of tribal.  And I get this question a lot-- they're walking. Where are they go? All  right, here's literally what happens seconds after they are voted out. Take a  look.  I'm a little fired pup. I feel like I could have done better and should have  done better.  136.  What!  Blood pressure, heart rate.  The last time I weighed 136, I probably hadn't kissed a girl yet.  Jeff: We are with joannie, Spencer's mom. ( cheers and applause ). I just  have one question. Spencer and I have had a fun, volatile relationship, but  did you have any idea when he finally got on that he would last this long?  When he left to go to the airport, karen and I looked at each other and said  he's going to be one of the first to go.  Jeff: Which is what I thought. Oob. But you hate to see him go, but that's  why winning is so sweet because this game is soatively. You guys are not from  ca  i'm from tulsa, oklahoma and we drove over 24 hours to get here.  Jeff: That's a "Survivor" fan. Adam, one of our soldiers, fought in  afghanistan. ( cheers and applause ) severely injured. You had 120 surgeries?   Roughly, jeff, yes.  Jeff: And is this true, or are you just saying that? Part of your recovery  was bonding with your family over "Survivor?"  that's correct, yes.  Jeff: We are really glad you're here. Really glad you're in the family. We  got a thans chans to talk earlier. Very cool dude. We're down to three, Woo, Kass,  Tony. It's a finale, that's what it is. We'll be right back. ( cheers and  applause )  congrats, everybody.  Congrats.  Finally.  Tribal tonight, things went as planned, surprise will, for once. And spence  went home.  What do you guys, think, man? Another immunity challenge tomorrow.  I'm over it.  I mean, there's always an excitement that you make the time three. It's  supposed to mean something special.  Man, we could have been celebrating right now, final three.  I know, we're like the most depressing top three. Instead we come back and  realize one of the three of us is going home, and I think the boys are more  depressed about it than me because they may have to go at each other's  throat.  You can believe that, man?  It is what it is, guys.  One of us is going to be going home. When it should have been all three of us  going to the final, jury.  I believe I will be taken to the final two if I don't win immunity, because  both Woo and Tony believe they can beat me. This game changes every day.  Every day.  Huh?  You know what needs to happen.  Tony can't win.  Exactly. I gotta kick ass.  I'm taking you, or you're taking me, right?  Yes, absolutely. You gotta win and I gotta win. Kass pretty much said she has  a better chance of beating me at the final tribal council, so if she  wintomorrow's final immunity challenge, chances of her taking me with her  seems good. If I win, i'll take Kass to the end as well. We got no shot  against Tony.  I know. Don't let him talk you into it, either.  I mean, Kass, i'd be the stupidest Survivor player taking Tony to the end.  Me, too.  Most ridiculous.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! Welcome to your final challenge. Your faces say it  all. Pretty massive.  Yes.  Jeff: You guys ready to get to it?  Sure.  Jeff: First things first, Kass, take back the necklace.  Holy cow.  This is unreal.  Jeff: Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you  are going to race through a maze of turnstiles. Some will turn, some won't.  You'll be collecting four medallions along the way. You'll use the medallions  to open a chest. Inside the chest are cogs that when arranged correctly work  together to raise a flag. First person to raise their flag wins immunity, is  guaranteed a spot at the final tribal council where you will get a chance to  plead your case to a jury of your peers about why you deserve the title of  sole Survivor and the million dollars that goes with it. Huge powers in this  challenge. Win, you control your fate. Lose, your destiny is in somebody  else's hands. We'll draw for spots and get started. All right, here we go.  For immunity and a guaranteed spot in the final tribal council, Survivors  ready? Go! Some turn, some don't. If they don't turn, you're blocked. You  have to find another path. Toney and Woo quickly get to the first station. Kass  at her first station. Once you've got a medallion untied, bring it back, go  out for your next one. Tony coming back with his first medallion, making  quick work of it. Kass heading back. Woo heading back. Tony back with his  first medallion. Woo's right . Him with his first. Kass is back. Woo just following  Tony. Step for step. Tony runs into a block. Kass is at her second station. Kass  now in the lead. Working on her second medallion. Woo another block. Tony now  back in the lead. He runs into a big block. Both those are going to hurt. Kass  has her second medallion. She's just got to get back out of the maze with it.  Toney and Woo have been circling the same station for a long time but can't  get there. Tony finally find it, Woo right on his tail. Kass is through and  back with her second medallion, heading out for her third. There are four  total. Woo now has his second medallion. He's heading back. Tony now heading  back. Kass back out on the course looking for her third, as Tony and Woo are  heading back with their second. Now, Tony's through. Tony's back with his  second medallion. Woo found a pathway back with his second. Everybody has two  medallions back. Kass found her way quickly to the third medallion. Kass back  in the lead again. Woo find his way to the third station. Tony right behind.  Everybody working on their third medallion. Kass has her third medallion.  She's heading back.  How does dshe get three already?  Jeff: Kass is back with her third medallion. One left for Kass. Toney and Woo  still working on those knots. Tony loses his. You can feel the panic setting  in. Woo racing back with his third. Tony right behind him with his third.  Everybody looking for their fourth and final medallion. This is it. Kass  knows where she has to go. She's just got to find it. This is the one that  proved so difficult for toney and Woo. Tony and Woo know where they have to  get to. It's a long ways away. They have separated for the first time in this  maze. Woo is on his own. Tony is on his own. Kass can see the medallion, but  she's got to get there first. No, another dead end. Woo getting closer. Woo  the first to his fourth station. Working on that fourth medallion. Kass still  trying to get in to that very difficult station. Tony now trying to find Woo.  He separated from him. For the first time this this challenge, and it is  costing him. Tony racing to get back there. Tony at the station for his  fourth medallion. Woo has his fourth medallion. He's heading back. Woo with  the lead now. Kass struggling to find that fourth medallion. She can't get to  it. Tony has his fourth medallion. He's heading back. Woo find his way out  with that fourth medallion. Open up the chest. Kass has finally found that  fourth station. Working on her fourth medallion. Tony has found his way out. Tony  now can open his chest. Kass has her fourth medallion. She's heading back. Woo  has all the cogs untied. He can start solving this puzzle. Tony untying his  cogs. Very difficult putting these gears together. When you have it right,  you will know, and it will raise a flag. You'll be sitting at final tribal. Kass  has had good luck coming from behind in challenges. She will need it today. Woo  and Tony already working on their puzzle. Kass has found her way out. Kass  now back with her fourth medallion. Everybody's going to be working on this  puzzle. Kass has got to get that chest open and get to work. Toney and Woo  with a big lead. Woo already has several pieces together. If they're right.  As always, that's the big question. Is it right? Kass is in dead last, a spot  she has found herself in many times before. She managed to pull out one of  the biggest comebacks at the last challenge. Can she do it again? Woo has  tasted individual immunity one time. He would love to have it again right  now. Tony has never won individual immunity. And it couldn't come at a better  time than right now. Kass catching up. Closing the gap. Woo very close. Down  to his last two pieces. Kass is now back in this. She's only got two pieces  left. Woo's down to his last piece. Kass is down to her last piece. This is  going to come down to the wire. Woo has it. Woo wins immunity! Kass one  second behind. Woo guaranteed a spot in the final two. Kass, you were  literally a half a second.  I know. Damn it. Woo, come on over. Couldn't have come at a better time. With  this necklace, you are guaranteed a spot in the final tribal council. Equally  important, you get to decide tonight who sits next to you at that final  tribal council. Big decision. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. See you  tonight at tribal.  Thanks, jeff.  Jeff: Congrats.  If you're in the olympics, and you run the marathon, and you lose by half a  second, that's how I feel. It's crazy. And I needed it. I needed to be able  to make this decision. I think Woo might be able to beat me. I don't know. I hope  he thinks so.  Jeff: That was probably the closest finish in "Survivor" history.  It truly was less than half a second, and it would be a million-dollar win  for Woo if he chooses the right person to take to the end. Who do you take if  you're Woo?  Probably Kass because nobody-- I think nobody really has respect for her.  Jeff: Good job. You'd be great at tribal council. How long have you been  watching?  Probably since I was eight, so, like, three years.  Jeff: Three years. ( laughter ).  Jeff: All right, so that means you're 11.  Uh-huh.  Jeff: Just checking my math. Do you watch old episodes online.  On itunes, if I’m bored or sick.  Jeff: Are you guys basically caught up with the history of "Survivor?"   yes.  Jeff: Even though the show was on long before most of you guys were born one  year before you were born? This is why I love "Survivor." this is  one of the best part of the job, truly, meeting kids like this who love  adventure. And I know there are a lot of you at home tonight who are the same  age. You're diehard fans. You can smell the camped fire on your clothes,  taste the rice, but you're not quite old enough yet. Remember, malcolm,  cochran, those guys. They were little kids. We lasted long enough for them.  And if we stay on long enough, who knows you might just get the chance, and I  have to say this, I cannot wait to snuff your torch. And that goes for you  guys, too. All right, the final tribal is next. 39 days comes to a head. Good  job!  Nice job, Woo.  Thank you.  Half a second, I was turning while you were turning.  Growing up in taiwan dough, I won junior olympic championships. I won  national championships. I won grand championship. This right here, my friend,  definitely takes the cake. I won the ultimate prize. Yes! Stoked!  But now it's scramble time.  Boy, you're going to be a busy man today, my friend. Very busy man.  I was psyched to be wearing this, but then again, I got kind of this uneasy  feeling in my stomach like, man, the fact that I now have to choose either Tony  or Kass to come with me, it's so nuts.  Woo, are we ready? Let's go for a walk my man. I have to politic right now.  Here I am day 38 and now my destiny lies in Woo's hand. My back is up against  the wall. He is not going to be so easy to convince to vote against Kass.  I'll explain why you have every reason to be nervous about going with Kass.  There's no trickery here. You're in the driver's seat, my man. Nothing can  happen to you from this point on. You're good. So I want to be as subtle, as  soft as I can, but at the same time, aggressive. I’m just planting the seeds once  again. Hoping something catches. You're a tae kwon do instructor you have  integrity, and loyalty. You were loyal to me from day one. You can say you  were loyal, and honor and integrity. If you're in control, if you're in the  driver's seat, and you take Kass, you have zero chance of winning. Do you  believe that or no?  Why is that?  Kass has stories. She did stuff, even though they were wrong moves, but she  played. She played the game, as opposed to you didn't. Taking someone like Kass,  thinking you're going to run away with it is going to be your demise. You  have a better shot taking me than you do with Kass. That's how the game goes.  That's how the game goes, Woo. My argument to Woo is a pretty valid argument.  Woo has based his game around loyalty, honor, integrity, and so I’m tell him,  Woo, final two, for to you oust me now. You just threw your game plan out the  window.  Tony, I respect you in a big way. And I’m going to consider everything you  say.  I know.  I can't give you my word now.  You don't need to. You don't need to, bro.  I'll definitely think about it.  Is he buying it? I wouldn't buy it. I'd take my chances with Kass.  Remember what Tony's been telling you this whole time is take Kass, take Kass,  because we can beat her. Right?  I hear that.  Why would his reasoning change right now.  Uh-huh.  He carried me all this way because he knew I’m unlikable. To me, you are like  fabio right now. You haven't really hurt anybody. Nobody really knows you.  Everybody hates me. But if guwith Tony, Tony's going to say, "i pulled  him along. We hurt the same people, but I made the moves. Why should he get  the money when I did all the work." that's what I would say if I was Tony.  If I’m on there, I’m voting for Tony. Because he played the best game. Woo is  like a cute surfer dude, awesome, cool. What do you want me to do? How do I spell  their name? This is so insane right now. But I hear you 100%.  Yeah. It's horrifying. The person who hasn't made a decision the whole game  is in charge of my fate.  I'm going to tell you exactly what I told Tony. I’m going to take a day to  think about the pros and cons of both arguments, and i'll just make my  decisiona tribal council tonight.  I respect that. I want Woo to do what's best for him, which is to take me. If  he understands how people think, taking me is his better option. Really.  I would feel more comfortable sitting at the end with Tony. This is the guy I  started with. This is the guy I committed myself with. But at the end of the  day, like, taking Tony means my chances of winning are not so great. Oh, bro.  If I take someone like Kass, you know, and I break my loyalty with Tony, it  completely contradicts who I am. And I become the biggest hypocrite. So it's  tough. I want to be a sole Survivor. And to have a million dollars.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Sara, Morgan. LJ Jeremiah. Jefra.  Tasha. Trish. And Spencer, voted out at the last tribal council. So, Woorks  at the last tribal council, Tony in particular had a big decision-- stay true  to you, somebody he's played the game with going back to day one. Or get rid  of you and take his chances with Spencer. He stayed true to you. And today  you made him pay for it. How did that feel in that moment when you knew i'd  locked in a spot in the final tribal council?  Amazing, jeff. I knew that if there's one day I needed to do well at a  puzzle, it was today. And to be able to wear this tonight, i'm-- I’m absolutely  honored. I’m grateful. I’m nervous.  Jeff: Do you think last night's vote was a testament from Tony to you about  loyalty or do you think it was strictly strategy?  I think Tony's vote last night was strategic, but for the most part, his  loyalty and commitment to me.  Jeff: Tony, hindsight is always 20/20. Did you spend any time thinking, how  might this have gone down if I would have betrayed my loyalty to Woo and took  my shot with Spencer?  I might have a different answer after tonight, but for now I’m going to  answer no. This is the exact scenario that Spencer proposed to me. He said if  Woo wins immunity, you're in trouble, Tony. Tonight is going to be the night.  I was loyal to Woo. I know Woo's game play was loyalty, not to everybody else  but to me day one. Here we are, day 38. It's his time to shine.  Jeff: Kass, it was probably less than one second that separated you and Woo  at the finish.  I believe you said it was a half a second. Umm, I have relived that challenge  all afternoon. There are so many things I could have done to make up a  millisecond. But I can't go back. I mean, I’m here. And Woo won, and he won  fair and square. And it was excruciating. It's been a rough afternoon.  Jeff: What's been the roughest part, the replaying or the wondering now  what's going to happen? My fate is not in my hands?  The loss of control of your own fate. You just feel sick all afternoon. You  know, what's going to happen? What's Woo going to do? Is he loyal to Tony to  the point of potentially losing a million dollars?  Jeff: So Woo were you approached by both Kass and Tony today?  Yes.  Jeff: Expected, right?  Right.  Jeff: And what were their basic pitches?  You mind if I go off subject?  Jeff: Yeah.  Okay, I hope these two will understand my decision. And I just want to get to  the vote.  Jeff: You don't even want to hear from Kass and Tony. All right. Here's how the  vote will work. Nobody can vote for Woo, which means Kass you can only vote  for Tony, Tony can only vote for Kass. Your votes cancel each other out so  you won't vote. The only publish voting is you, Woo. You're voting out the  15th person of the game, the ninth person of the jury, and you'll be deciding  who you're going to sit with tomorrow at final tribal council. It is time to  vote. Woo, you're up.  Jeff: I'll go get the vote. Once the vote is read, the decision is final. The  person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area immediately.  I'll read the vote. 15th person voted out and the ninth and final member of  our jury Kass. Bring me your torch.  Thank you, Woo, man.  Jeff: Kass, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Woo and Tony, congratulations.  You have gone as far as you can go in this game. Tomorrow night, the power in  the game shifts to the jury. Nine people that you had a hand in voting out  will now decide who they think is most worthy of the title of sole Survivor,  and the million dollars that goes with it. You have one more night. Try to  get some sleep. You're goings to need to come strong tomorrow. Grab your  torches. Head back to camp. See you tomorrow night for your final tribal  council.  Woo. Stupid, stupid, stupid. I think you made a horrific million-dollar  decision. I think you actually could have beaten me. I’m very please with the  game I played. Some people will hate me. Some people will appreciate that I’m  a fan and I played hard. And I played to win. And in the end, I had a hell of  a time. I don't know what to tell you, my man.  One love, man.  What did for me tonight is more than I ever did for you, my friend. I appreciate  it.  One love, bro.  One love is right.  Final two! Whooo! Prior to tribal council I was having a really tough time.  It's not an easy decision to make, but my decision tonight is a big power  move that I can finally claim as my own. So what really got me to lean more  towards taking Tony was what I thought the jury would respect.  Likeability alone doesn't win you the million, but now you have that respect  behind it. We both have a shot, and that's all we wanted.  Yeah, that's it, man. We got 50-50, bro. I know that taking Tony could  jeopardize my chances of winning a million dollars.  What you did tonight, blows everything away, because I’m here because of you  now.  But taking him just felt right in a martial arts tournament, if I went up  against someone who wasn't as talented as I was, that victory wouldn't be as  sweet. You want to go up against someone who is just as strong, maybe even  stronger, so if you do win, it's that much more honorable.  Tree mail, tree mail.  Tree mail.  Oh! Wow, man.  This is the best tree mail we've got since we've been on this island. Let me  lift this up.  Okay.  You take a look inside.  Oh!  Today we take a walk to tree mail. Oh, my goodness. Eggs, croissants,  sausages, bacon. I really am loving life.  Maybe that's beef bacon.  What does that mean I don't know what it means.  I just hear my wife say stuff like that.  I'm not the best chef, I’m not a kitchen inn thiewz yesterday at all and  neither is Tony. He doesn't even know how to cook eggs.  We're going to get sick for real, man.  What do we do best? We eat.  I'm still in "Survivor" mode. As a matter of fact, there was a clue  in the basket. I see the clue, and I went into my basic instinct. Woo is  cooking up the food, and as I am talking to him I grab the clue and put it in  my pocket and I’m like what could this be. Maybe it's a free vote. It gave me  a hint about going to the back of the camp and there's another surprise  waiting for me. So I said, let me just go see what this is. And it was a  mirror with a scale. I hooked in the mirror, and thank god it didn't crack.  Wow! Oh, my goodness! It says 171. Now I’m 150. 21 pounds I lost out here.  This is sick. I came out here not knowing anything about making fires, not  knowing anything about cutting palm fronds. I never held a mashet nemy hand  in my life. I just used my common sense.  Woo?  What?  Come here, kid. I found something.  Throughout this game, Tony had so many names, Tony in trouble. Tone necharge.  Tone in the driver's seat. Tone necontrol. Today, I feel like I’m tone neneed  of a million dollars. A million dollars was my main priority to come out  here. To better my life, better my wife's life. And all my wife wants is a  pink chandelier for my baby daughter and she my baby daughter's going to have  a beautiful pink chandelier when I get back home.  Oh, damn! I look good! Whoa!  I didn't have the same--  oh, man. I’m looking fine, bro. Look at my mustache! Oh, my gosh, bro. One  62? Now I way 143. I’m here, I made the final two. It's a dream come true.  Oh, man, I want this more than anything. I’m going to go into tribal council,  and I’m going to let the jury know exactly how I felt about the game. I’m a  martial arts instructor, and we abide by the five codes of taiwan dough--  discipline, integrity, loiltd, respect, harmony between mind and body. I did  a val yapt effort abiding by those codes of conduct throughout this game, and  no one can question me on that. I’m going in with 50% chance of winning a  million dollars. It means a jump start to my future, to start up mytae kwon  do studio I always dreamed of, engage my girlfriend christine and help my  father retire. My mother, who suffered a heart attack, is disabled. So I can  change their lives,un. It's a blessing, man. It all stems doin to being  positive, never losing hope, staying true to yourself, believing in yourself.  Man, I’m this close, this close.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of your jury. Sarah. Morgan. LJ Jeremiah.  Jefra. Tasha. Trish. Spencer. And Kass, voted out at the last tribal council.  Tony, Woo, welcome to your final tribal council. Tonight, the power shifts to  the jury, nine people that you had a hand in voting out, will decide who they  think is most worthy of the title of sole Survivor, and the million dollar  check that goes along with it. They're going to ask you tough questions. Your  job, persuade them with compelling answers. Let's get started. Opening statements.  Tony, you're up.  Tonight, I know I have a lot of answers, a lot of explaining to do for all my  vote-offs. I’m here to give you guys the truth. Pretty much, you ask me  anything you want. I welcome all your questions, and I’m here to answer them  truthfully, and just let you all know it was nothing emotional, nothing  personal. All the choices I made throughout this whole game was based on  strategy and that's all it was. I want to thank Woo for giving me shot,  opportunity to explain all this to you guys after repeatedly hearing in  previous tribal councils if I make it to the end I win, and he still took a  shot and I want to thank him for that. Thanks, man.  Good luck.  Jeff: Woo, opening statement.  I came in this game knowing it's a game of lies, manipulations. It was  probably one of the hardest challenges I would have to face. Being a tiqown  do instructor, we abide by five coats of tae kwon do-- respect, loiltd,  integrity, discipline, harm me between mind and body. I’m not saying I’m a  perfect person but I did my absolute best and put forward a valiant effort to  abide by those codes and conducts. We all had our downs in this game and you  have to pull something out within you to inspire, to motivate to you keep  going. For me, it was the the memory of my mom who underwent a heart attack  last year, underwent a major heart transplant. She went through a grueling  recovery. To me she was a testament of what will power, strength, and  resilience was all about and a constant reminder to never give up, fight every  day to survive. Thank you for your time and I look forward to answering any  specific questions you guys might have. Thanks.  Jeff: All right, jury, in a moment, your first chance to address Tony and Woo.  I'll give you a moment to think about what you want to say. We're down to it,  and I’m joined by parveety. Parveety is a winner. One of the most popular  players, a lot of people think one of the best, myself included. I wanted you  to give a little insight. After 39 days, you have a gigantic task that you  have to convince these people. How big a factor is fatigue?  It's everything. You're exhausted. At least you're not starve more because  you get that nice breakfast of beef bacon, or what Tony just ate. It helps a  lot but exhaustion say big factor.  Jeff: What is the mistake people make that they shouldn't coor should do?  I think the biggest mistake going up against a jury, if they're a hostile  jury or friendly jury is being defensive. You have to let your guard down.  You have to be vulnerable. And you have to be open and really stand behind  the moves that you made.  Jeff: Who do you vote for out of these two?  I love Woo --  who do you vote for?  I would vote for Tony.  Jeff: There you go, love Woo. Vote for Tony. The final q &amp; a is next. The  next time see you, I will have an urn filled with a million dollars. She  knows what that feels like. Its the conclusion to one one of the best season  we had  jeff: All right, jury, some of you have waited a very long time to address  toney and Woo. I know you have questions. You want answers. You are seeking  information to help you make a million-dollar vote. Let's get to it. Sarah.  You're up.  Congratulations, you guys. Tony, when you swore to me that you would never  write my name down on your badge, and I swore they would never write your  name down on my banl, my badge means something to me. And I don't know what  yours means to you, but you broke your promise. And I don't know that I can  write your name down tonight. Woo. My question for you if you and I flip-flop  places, and I played the exact game you played, who would you vote for, me or  Tony?  I mean, under the circumstances, without-- if you played without any hidden  immunity idol, I would give you a lot of credit for making it through. I would  give you a lot of respect, and I would vote for you.  All right.  Jeff: Thanks, Sarah. Jefra.  I'm not bitter, and I want to be fair, but, Tony, I want you to own your  game. I want you to look me in the eyes for the first time and own the fact  that you backstabbed almost everybody on this jury, that you had no loyalty  to any of you, that you looked me in the eye the day you voted me out, told  me I was safe. I get it. But I want you to own it, and I want you to admit  it, and the second you start giving me b.s. Answers is the second I will  write a "w"down so fast.  Own everything, Jefra. I didn't blackstab you. You planned on blindsiding me.  You talked to Spencer and Tasha and Jeremiah. And you wanted to blindside  toney and that was the plan and I went to my alliance and told them Jefra has  flipped and had incredible information--  you voted me out. I get it. I want you to own your game.  I didn't backstab you.  I wasn't going to flip on you and if I wanted to I would have done it the  vote before. I decided to stick with you. That's not the point. Ent you to  own the game and admit you were the villain.  I am owning it Jefra, I am.  You think you were the villain, the way you treated this jury.  Yes, half and half, half villain, half good player. I was a good player. I wasn't  a villain. I was doing strategic moves to save myself.  Okay thank you. Good luck.  Jeff: Thanks, Jefra. Morgan.  Hi, gentlemen. So, Tony, I just want to start off with you. You know, I started  out this game on the beauty tribe, which I found pretty fitting to being, you  know, a young and attractive woman. I know how to keep a man in my  backpocket, and I think it's sort of a skill. You kept men in your back  pocket. And you did it without even having breasts. So how did you do it? I just  want to know. How did you get these men to just follow you?  I was genuine at camp, offering my last sip of water to people that needed  it. Offering my last sea shell of rice that needed it. That was the genuine  me. My game play was a different story. The strategies I did was to better  myself in the game and did the best I can. Someone like Woo was loyal to me  and I appreciated him for everything he did be and that's how he stayed with  me the whole time.  Woo, I just have a statement for you. You know, last night, you made a huge  decision taking Tony over Kass. And I just have to say, you know, I respect  that. You know, you chose a player that deserved to be here tonight over, you  know, just a goat that's maybe not worthy of sitting there with you two. And  I just want you ton that I’m taking that into huge consideration. Thank you.  Thank you.  Jeff: Jeremiah.  What's up? Tony, to me, your biggest move in this game is you swear on your  so-called wife and kid. If you do have a wife and kid, and you swore on their  lives and breaking promises, where where I’m from that's a 100% grade-a(  bleep ) right there. If you don't have a wife and kid you really didn't break  anything. I have to say that was a pretty much brilliant and great move sprip  a yes or no question right here between me and you, no b.s. Do you have a  wife and baby?  Absolute do and I love them.  You have a wife and baby?  Yes, I do.  From where I’m from, when people promise and swear on their wife and kid and  they break these promises--  i can explaen something to you.  That's pathetic.  I can explain something to you or not?  That's it, bro, that's it. Woo I just found out he's lied to us all. This is  your time to prove, dude, I mean, did you want to be a millionaire? I've got  to know, man.  Absolutely, Jeremiah. I came here with my main inclination of definitely  being the sole Survivor, and wanting to win the million dollars. And I definitely  want to win that million dollars, no doubt, Jeremiah.  Jeff: Thanks, Jeremiah. Tasha.  Tony, you managed to keep a loyal alliance of people despite your repeated  lies and disloyalty to them. Can you articulate to me how you managed to do  that?  Another for every vote-off that I did, I explained to my alliance why I did  it. So nerve my alliance saw the only time I would break my promise to you is  if you broke it to me first. The only person I broke my promise to  regretfully was Trish. She never did anything. She never went behind my back  to backstab me. She would have stayed loyal to me to the end. She's the only  one I feel didn't break her promise to me first. I broke it first.  Thank you. Woo, congratulations. My question for you is how did you choose to  align with Tony versus anyone else that was in your alliance, strategically?  The majority of this game, Tony and I were not close. He didn't trust me. He  thought I was a weasel. Day one. It wasn't until that Solana 5 that he really  trusted me going into the merge. I was the odd man out out of our new Solana  5. I knew if the next person were to go in our 5 it would have been me. I managed  to adapt and mold myself, even though I knew I was odd man out.  Okay, thank you.  Jeff: Thanks, Tasha. LJ  I can speak. I need to know with you, Tony, like, who are you? Like, did you  bring you or are you just living, you know, a fantasy world and playing a  game?  Well, it depend on whether we're talking about the game. As far as you're  concerned, willing, I seen, you I was petrified of you. I knew how strategic  you were, I was looking for the quickest excuse I could find because I was  terrified of you. I you said maybe we need to get Woo out. I was like yes, he  was willing to breck haze promise and now I can break mine.  I understand that and I respect that, however, you played me.  I have to lie LJ In the gape.  I understand that.  And I used that as an excuse. Oh, LJ Wanted to vote you out first. LJ Was  willing to make a promise he made. Guess what? Let's break the promise to  him.  All right, I have nothing more.  Jeff: Kass, you're up.  Woo, last night, you became the boss. You had the necklace. You usurped the  power of Tony for the first time. Why on earth did you not cut the head of  the dragon off? The integrity of game is to have the winner make the right  moves. You didn't make a move when you could have that would have won you a  million dollars.  You know, last night, I had a huge responsibility on my hand for me and my  field of studies, I’m a man who is trying to be honorable, no matter what. A  million dollars means a whole bunch to me. But I felt that my part to bring  along someone that deserved to be here would give me point from the jury.  You brought someone who deserved it more than you to get points for yourself?   We're all deserving, Kass. But between the two of you, I didn't feel like you  deserved to sit here next to me but Tony did did.  Okay. I’m good, I think.  Jeff: Thanks, Kass. Trish.  Hi, guys. Congratulations. Woo, I have just one question for you. Was it your  idea or was it Tony's idea to blindside me?  It was my idea.  Why did you decide to do that? You have a great reputation with the jury.  You're a sweetheart. I felt that we wouldn't have a shot with you at the  final three.  That's fair enough. Thank you for the compliment. I appreciate that. Tony,  when I first showed up, you and I first day, became the best of buddies. And  instant friend. And you know what? We started to share intimate stories. Now  you sit here now, and you would not be sitting there if I didn't have a big  part in it. Because nobody here ever for one second trusted you. They trusted  me. And I had to convince them all to trust me to trust you. And I spent the  entire game putting out little flames for Tony. So you could sit there. And  you came to me in your paranoia and you said, "i'm telling you, man, I’m  telling you, something's going wrong here. Of I said, "Tony take a chill  pill. Relax. I’m here for you. I’m never going to leave you." and you  said, "i need ton that for a fact." I said don't be swearing on  your mother and kid. Did you that for everybody else. Find something  different. And you looked right at me and said to me and said I will swear on  my father's grave. I've lost two siblings. And those two losses have put two  holes in my heart that could never, ever be repaired. I would never, ever,  ever have gone back on the promise of my brothers. Not today, not tomorrow.  Not for 100 million dollars, not for anything. I have one million-dollar  question for you that I want you to answer to your mother, to your wife,  maris ato your daughter, an staishia. Was it worth it to you for a million  dollars to sacrifice your own father to get you here? Was that worth it to  you?  Trish, I was outnumbered when Woo came up to smee he had spence ear?  <br/>I asked you a question. I don't want excuses. I’m saying to you, heart to  heart, friend to friend, human being to human being. Answer the question. Is  it worth it to you to be here, to play a game, for a million dollars on your  father's soul and memory? Yes or no. It's a million-dollar question.  Yes.  Thank you.  Jeff: Spencer.  Let's do this. All right. Woo, when I look at your game, I can't help but  make this comparison between your strategic play and the behavior of a dog. I  mean, Tony was like your master. When he said, "sit," you sat. When  he said the word, you went and played fetch. The LJ Vote. The Jefra  blindside. Even in camp life, you were in his pocket 24/7. When it came down  to you having an opportunity to take one of the biggest goats in Survivor  history to the end, you did what a good dog would do and stayed loyal to your  owner, and is there anything you can say to me to convince me that this  analogy disappoint make sense? For someone like you who has been a student of  the game, someone who appreciates the game, can you respect me if I took a  goat like Kass to the finals?  Yes, as a student of the game, I would expect you to take a goat to the  finals.  But for me, I’m a different student, I guess. I wanted to take someone who  deserved to go.  Okay, thanks. Tony, I don't need to ask you any questions. I need to talk to  you all. Love him or hate him, Tony played his ass off out here. Woo tries to  excuse his passive play on not having idols and tone finding three idols. Why  do you think Tony found three idols? It's because he looked more than  everyone else combined. Tony was behind every great strategic decision. He  blinded his alliance to what was going on around him in the game. Like a  puppet master. He took a slew of goats deep. Put some on the jury. He took  one to the end. Tony played with a verocity. This game very rarely does see.  And you put pen to parchment tonight, vote for the only guy sitting there  that actually played this game and played it in a way that honors it.  Congratulations, you two. 39 days out here isn't easy. Thanks.  Thanks, Spencer.  Jeff: All right, a very tough final tribal council. But you two, Tony and Woo,  you weathered it. Your work is done. The only thing left to do is vote. You  have all the information you're going to get to make a million-dollar vote. I’m  going to give you a minute to take it all in, and then we'll vote. Allright  jury it is time to vote. Tonight, are you voting for a winner. This is a  million dollar vote. It is Tony or Woo. The last time, it is time to vote. Sarah,  you're up.  I wrote your name down many times during the game. It was a compliment then.  It is definitely a compliment now. Well done.  Jeff: I'll go get the votes. Jury, Tony, Woo, thank you for another great  season of "Survivor. I will take these, see you back in the united  states for the reading of the votes. Good job. ( cheers and applause )  jeff: All right! Thank you! It's been a fun night. Have a seat. Have a seat.  This has been fun. I've liked being live with you guys. The energy in here is  crazy. All right. ( cheers and applause ). I want to say something. Tony, Woo,  jury, and this goes for the nonjury as well. I cannot think of another season  in which more people came to play, meaning you played to win. And I think  that is why this has been one of our very best seasons because that is how  "Survivor" is meant to be played. ( cheers and applause ) and this  is how "Survivor" is meant to end, with a vote. There are nine  votes. It's very simple. It takes five to win. These are votes for a winner.  I will read the votes. ( cheers and applause ). First vote, Tony. Woo. One  vote Tony, one vote Woo. Tony. Two votes Tony, one vote Woo. Tony. Three  votes Tony, one vote Woo. Tony. Four votes Tony, one vote Woo. The winner of  "Survivor: Cagayan," Tony. ( cheers and applause )  thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you. ( cheers )  jeff: Go see your family. Go down there. You did it! It's over! 28 seasons. Tony's  won. One of the best seasons. One of the best castes of all time. Definitely  some unfinished business to deal with. We have everybody here. Plus a "Survivor"  first a public apology from me and it has to do with Spencer. And the big  question, did Woo make a million-dollar mistake? In choosing this guy, Tony?  We'll poll the jury. Plus, tyler perry, the man responsible for the idol with  different powers is here. We're live still in the los angeles, the reunion  show is next. ( cheers and applause )