<br/>Back home I’m a police officer  and can't be corrupt. Out here I’m lying my assoff. My baby and my wife we're  going to the end. I swear on my mother and dead dad.  I think I will write your name down.  You know what's going to happen? You're going to go home. Fisee an  opportunity, I’m going to jump on it. Wow! That's the third idol that I found  this game. I’m king of the jungle! ( cheers and applause )  jeff: This is the reunion portion of our show right now. We've just crowned  or latest winner, new jersey police officer, Tony. Congratulations.  Thank you, jeff. First thing I gotta say is you really do have a wife and she  was going to be here tonight, but she is literally on bed rest from her  doctor because she is due any second.  That's correct, that's correct.  <br/>Jeff: Another baby.  So she's going to get the pink chandelier.  She's going to get the pink chandelier, jeff.  Jeff: I want to rip through some of this stuff. Fan reaction, for me, the  whole season, you were very polarizing. What's it been for you?  You heard the crowd. It was a game, jeff.  Jeff: What does that mean? What's been the fan reaction?  I've been getting a lot of hate tweets, boos from the audience. It was a  game. I distinguished the game from real life, and I did a lot of dirty stuff  on tv, a lot of lying, a lot of manipulating, a lot of backstabbing. I had no  pleasure in that at all. I did what I had to do to win.  Jeff: It seemed to me you played a very intulsive game. Is that hoyou saw it?   Tifs intulsive at the moment. And at night I had time to think about what I did,  mold up, I can't do that. And I had a chance to reassess what I said  throughout the day and kept changing my mind at night. Iin the moment.  Got caught up in the moment. My mouth is dry. I can't even talk.  Jeff: So you're not sleeping at night, then. If you're thinking about the  game all night. Is that true?  Jeff, every single night from day one, I did not sleep at night. I slept six  hours a week, if that. During the day, whatever di, during the day, at night  time it was damage control for everything I did. I dug myself a hole touring  the day, and at night I dug myself out of the hole.  Jeff: Tell me about the wear and tear. Because you said something to me early  they're it literally took you months.  I was out of the work for three months when I got back from the show. I had  parasites in my stomach. I i was on doctor care. I lost 45 pound. So that  weight was wrong. I was 195-- you saw me.  Jeff: That little "Survivor" scale didn't work?  And I was beat up for three months. And now here's a year laterrish still  can't put the mass on. I have been going to the gym and can't do it.  Jeff: Let's go through some of the relationships. One of the ones everybody  was asking me about was Trish. And a lot of people-- ( applause ) Trish got a  lot of respect from a lot of people, beth on twitter says, "why Trish,  when she's the only one out there who trusted you?"  that's the truth, jeff. That's why you saw me. That hurt me the most. That  devastated me.  Jeff: Why was the thinking?  It was Kass they felt nobody liked and there was no chance I wanted to get  rid of. And it was between Woo and everybody loved and Trish who everybody  loved. If I kept Woo it would help me beat spence.  Jeff: So strategy.  There was a secret scene. When I voted Trish out, I said,"Trish, please  forgive me, it was strictly strategic."  jeff: Trish, what is the relationship now? You seemed very hurt at tribal?  I was really hurt for, like, five minute. It's a game and I understood that.  My relationship with tone sereally well-- really good now. He stalks me,  texts me 15 times a day.  Jeff: So you're friends?  Yes.  Jeff: Kass, another-- what was it with you two? ( cheers and applause ) I’m surprised  about that. What was it between you and Tony?  Tony is like my jerky brother. Like, we would fight. He would speak in  tongues to me. And then we would go down beach and say, "are we  good?" "yeah, we're good." we were a horrible brother and  sister but we played so hard.  Jeff: Are you two talking?  , of course, jeff. We left everything at the game.  Jeff: Really?  Yeah, everybody stayed at the game. She did some idiotic moves they felt were  idiotic.  For example, Kass wanted to take me to the end. Kass, here's a secret. What  does she do? She tells Woo and tells me that's strategic. How is that  strategic? She almost got herself voted off. But i-- I wanted to vote her  off. But at night, I said, hold up. I can't do that.  Jeff: Can you just-- like 15 seconds-- talk llama to Kass. Okay. ( applause )  Sarah, by the way, congratulations because you are pregnant as well.  Yes. ( applause )  jeff: So one of the most interesting relationships is we have two cops, one  from jersey, one from indiana. You instantly knew he was a cop. How did you  know?  You know, you watch Tony play the game, and he just constantly observing. He  finds three idols, he finds clues. That's how he is inside the game. That's  how he is outside the game. He cannot shut that off.  Jeff: So your cop instinct let you know he's one of me, one of us?  He observes things like I observe things. And my coworkers do.  Jeff: Okay, on the flip side, how quickly did you decide or when did you  decide you were going to lie about being a construction worker?  Well, before-- I mean, cops, you love them or hate them, for the most part. I  pull you over because you ran a red light. It's my fault for giving you a  ticket. "there are so many criminals out there. Why report you chasing  them?" so you're not going to like me. If you like me, you'll say this  man is streamic and sharp and quick. It was a double edged sword. So I said  let me be a construction worker.  Jeff: Here's where it got really tricky is later in the game Tony decide I’m going  to admit I was a cop, and then he swears on his badge, the cops "r"  us, and then he betrays sarpap take a look. This is what happened.  Swear on your badge you won't turn your back on you.  I swear on everything I love I won't turn my back to you. She had me swear on  my badge and that doesn't mean anything. I’m here to lie, cheat, and steal  and drag people's dreams through mud so I can fulfill mine.  Jeff: Now you've really flipped the switch, because now you've taken the blue  blood, the trust, and lied. What's the reaction been back for you, back home?   Well, the thing, is jeff, everybody knows who I am as a cop. They know what I  do. They know who I am as a person. What I did in the game has nothing to do  with life. I told sara, I swear on anything out there. You know what? If I didn't  break my loyalty to people, if I told the truth, everybody the truth, i'd be  sitting on the jury. I wouldn't be where I’m at tonight. I had to do what I had  to do in the game to advance myself.  Jeff: Sarah, he's saying it's just a game, even though I took the thing they  knew was holiest and you valued the most was your badge, what's your  relationship now with Tony based on that?  Well, you know, as we got out of the game, Tony and I did have a  relationship. We talked for quite a while. And when I get voted out and do  some interviews, Tony has a few choice word, and by that I mean 500 tweets  about me. In a negative tone. And he wants to say he's not that type of  person. But he kind of proved it to me --  i'm talking about the cop thing. What's the cop thing. You know he he's a  cop. He says I am a cop and we're good to go and betrays you. That's the  thing that seemed to get to your gut. Do you forgive him or say i'll never  trust this guy again?  I did forgive it, and I felt like he showed his true colors. He has  apologized since them --  are you guys talking?  No, we're not.  Jeff: You're not. So is this a rivalry.  There is still a cops "r" us but tone seno longer in it.  Jeff: We have a fellow-- sorry about that I didn't even wait for you. We have  a fellow officer, nick how are you, man? Thanks for being here.  You're putting him on the spot, bro. You're a lieutenant. I work with Tony.  Yes, I do.  Jeff: So obviously played a very aggressive game. What was the reaction? Were  there other cops saying, dude, you really didn't do us right?  We knew he was out there. He was out there for one reason and that was to win  the million dollars. We wanted him to be the sole Survivor, and he is the  sole Survivor. So he went out there. He made us proud.  Jeff: Really? So there's no bad blood back home?  It was a game. He was out there for one mission, to get the job done, he got  the job done. We knew why he was out there.  Jeff: All right. ( cheers and applause ). I want to say, nick came out here  really because he wanted to speak up for Tony, and amazingly, two nights ago,  there's an article in a local new jersey paper talking about just what it is  to be a cop. Throw that headline up. This is Tony. This is a story about Tony,  saving a guy's life. Tony, you know this story. What-- basically, what  happened? There was a guy that was your-- that was visiting next door and  collapsed?  Yeah, that's correct, jeff. I had a neighbor eye moved into a new town. And  my neighbor came over to help me with the shovel, and he went to cardiac  arrest. And he dropped on the floor, turned blue. He pretty much passed away,  no pulse, run responsive, no signs of life. I was with my buddy purpose we  were participating. We immediately started c.p.r., on the guy, and saved his  life, jeff. Here we are, two, three months later and the guy is strong as a  bull. He had quadruple bypass, and he's an angel.  Jeff: Awesome story. ( applause ) and that's why this game works because you  take people from different walks of life, and they have different views on  what a game is and what's okay. We're just getting started. Tyler perry is  here. And by the way, any of you who didn't like the special idol, you can  just blame him. We'll talk to him in a little bit. Plus I’m going to  apologize to Spencer. I know, shocking. I was wrong. And up next, jury are  don't answer yet, I want to know, we all want to know, did Woo make a  million-dollar mistake? That's next. We'll be right back. What do you guys  think? We'll take a break.  You take Kass, you have zero chance of winning. Is he buying it? I wouldn't  buy it. I'll take my chances with Kass. ( applause )  jeff: We're live in los angeles. It's the reunion of "Survivors brains,  brawn, beauty." I want to poll the jury. Woo had this whole idea i'd be  stupid to take Tony. Then Tony does a number on him. He end up taking toney  and Tony wins. Everybody who had been in the jury, if you would have voted  for Woo if he was up against Kass, raise your hand. So, Woo, what-- are you  okay right now? You seem you seem a little down, which would be expected. But  are you?  Feeling fantastic. The love, the support, being on the show. You couldn't ask  for any more. Give it up for Tony one more time for a heck of a game. Well  done. Well done.  Jeff: So, Woorks I’m going to guess what a lot of people at home are thinking  right now-- and this has happened before on this game-- age versus youth,  experience versus, you know, a guy that doesn't have enough yet, that that  was really a million-dollar life lesson. You knew, your gut said take Kass.  And then you take Tony. Any regrets on that at all? Just from a game point of  view.  The decision that I made was based on how I live and how I competed in  martial art, and tikwan do, and that was challenge yourself, compete, but  compete against the best. That being said, I took Tony, because I said, in my  head, we all know, he played a great game. Fibeat the best, boom. There we  go. If I lose, well, I keep my head up. And I know that I lost --  there you go. Can't argue with that. ( applause )  jeff: Tasha, you-- how many times have you applied to be the on show?  Three times, jeff.  Jeff: And you wind up on arguably the worst tribe in the history of the show.   Yes.  Jeff: What's that initial feel like when you see the ship starting to sink?  Oh, man, to be on the show was like a dream come true. I get on Luzon, and I’m  like literally it's a nightmare. And I couldn't believe that the fate of my  game was what it was.  Jeff: So what did you-- now that it's over, what's the biggest lesson if you  played again?  If I played again I would-- take every opportunity you can, you know, play like  you will never have the opportunity to play again when you have an  opportunity to take someone out, someone doesn't want to work with you, any  time someone is a hinderence to your game, get them out.  Jeff: I often say it's play the first time as though you're playing for the  second time.  Yes, yes.  Jeff: And you got a lot of love. One said Tasha should be back. Best player  this year. Nice guy. ( cheers and applause ) well, he was one of the most  enjoyable players to watch this season, clearly a fan favorite. And in large  part, it's because even though nothing ever went right for Spencer, he never  gave up. ( cheers and applause )  i was at the bottom of one of the worst tribes in "Survivor history. Of.   Jeff: Disaster for the brain tribe.  This game is a complete roller coaster ride, and I’m just happy they haven't  fallen off yet.  Jeff: Spencer goes for it and succeeds!  You got something over there, dude. My position is just on the brink of  ecstasy and devastation all the time.  Jeff: $500 gets you a white rock.  I played well, and I think I played hard, and I can go home happy with that.  ( cheers and applause )  jeff: All right, i've got a few questions for you, Spencer, but a former  "Survivor" actually asks my first question better than I could.  It's john cochran, who says, ask spenc Spencer if he suffers from p.t.s.d.  Every time he resident a charlie brown comic?" because it was like the  football kept getting pulled out.  Yes, very much so. It was a charlie brown game.  And kept trying to kick the football, and it kept getting swiped away. That  said, I don't blame anyone other than myself for it being swiped away. You  know, I certainly lacked things in my game that I should have stopped it from  being swept away.  Jeff: Electric blond 7 says, "Spencer, the challenge beast, if you could  go back to any point in the game--" you rethought this many times. Is  there a point where you thought if I go left it would be different?  I guess the biggest example would be with Jefra. There was a point at the  final eight where Jeremiah and Tasha and I were trying to pull her to our  side, and I had an idol. And I think if I had been a little more open with my  alliance and shared that, it could have bodied really well for us. We could  have solidified that number.  Jeff: What's the biggest difference between your game and Tony's game?  I respect Tony's game tremendously. But it's totally opposite from mine. I would  say the biggest difference is that Tony, as we've discussed, really operated  on some really good instincts.  Jeff: Follow your gut.  Yeah. And that's something I think I lacked. I think I’m manufacture a  cerebral player. I can get lost in nigh head a little bit. And those  instincts were definitely there.  Jeff: It's a theme that comes up a lot, there's a book, malcolmglad well,  "blink" that says your gut knows but it takes a long time for our  get to listen. If you play the game you have to listen to your gut and make  the move. There's one more thing we have to do. Over the years I have  prejudged a lot of players. Ve never labele labeled and been wrong about  somebody as much as I was about Spencer. Sp here's kind of what happened.  During casting, you kind of go at it. During casting I said you have no  chance of winning. I said the only chance you have of winning is if there's a  clone of you sitting next to you at the end. That's how unlikely it is. And Spencer  at one point said, well, if you're wrong, and I , will you write me a all  letter and read it at the live show.  Right.  And he walked out the door and I thought oh, my god. Am I going to have to  write a letter and read it on the live show. You didn't win but I have to  tell something, on day 15 or 16, I didn't know how far you were going to go  but you had proven your point. I was very wrong. You were write. I wrote you  the all right. I sent it back to myself from the philippines. It's unopened.  It's stamped. I don't remember what I said, but basically, I’m really proud  of the game you played, and you were right. ( cheers and applause ).  Thanks, jeff.  Jeff: All right, up next, tyler perreerk one of the most prolific  storytellers in hollyWood, is a massive "Survivor" fan. He's next.  I need an immunity idol.  The search party is on.  Who the hell looks for the idol in the middle of a typhoon? This guy.  I found it right in front of Kass' face and she didn't see.  I hold a piece of this game that's priceless.  Wow! ( cheers and applause )  jeff: Welcome back to the reunion show. Writer, producer, director, he's an  actor, tyler perry is a hollyWood powerhouse. You know him from "house  of pain," but he's also a massive "Survivor fan. What is it about  the show that appeals to you?  Outwit, outlast, outplay. I love everything that america loves about it.  That's why it's been on so long. It's a huge hit, it's amazing.  Jeff: I get these texts--  all the time.  Jeff: From tyler.  I got an idea.  Jeff: It will be the middle of the night and my phone will go off and i'll go  it's tyler perry. And you had one this year to do the idol--  lay it all on me because you got so much backlash for it. Lay it all on me.  Jeff: I have a theory about the backlash when i'll get to. We said here's  what you do an idol that's safe after the vote. We did that before. But his  kicker was, put it late in the shore don't give a clue maybe they'll find it  and maybe they won't. What did you think when Tony found it?  I wasn't happy. I love cops and firemen and everybody. I just did not want  tone tow find the damn idol. I wanted Spencer to find it or Tasha to find it.   Jeff: Yes, okay, so, perfect. This is my question. Let's just say Spencer,  had Spencer found twould you have loved it? ( applause ).  Jeff: So it wasn't the idol you department like, it's want fact that the big  idol hog found it.  He found that idol, and to find it without clues. He played a great game, so  he did deserve to win, no matter if he wee thought he played underhanded.  Jeff: Tony, how quickly did you decide to lie. That was something I never  anticipated that you could use it later than you really could.  One of my overnight speeches with the moon, jeff. I said to myself, what  would I do in a situation as a police officer. And I’m saying to myself, thee  criminals see three bentleys. They want to steal one. The most beautiful one,  super-delegate up, rims, has a club on it. And they'll walk away from that.  And I put the club on me and said steal somebody else's car.  Jeff: If there's anything to be learned from the season. Look for idolses.  Why is Tony the only guy out there digging?  Why are you waiting for a clue? Start digging and find it. I think russell  found-- he was finding them the same way, right.  Jeff: Just going out.  About the same.  Jeff: What else do you have going on?  My now show "the have and have not "returns on the oprah winfrey  network nexted it so we're excited exooited about that.  Jeff: Tyler, I love the idea.  Happy birthday to your wife.  Jeff: Thank you. What a guy. More of the reunion show-- I’m speechless--  we'll be right back. ( cheers and applause )  jeff: We're still back. I don't even need this. I just like holding it. So  our reunion show. Joe, will you do a shot of everybody. This has been an  amazing group of players. Here they all are. Haven't talked to everybody yet.  Let's go down the the line. Cliff, you played in obviously one of the biggest  arenas of sports of all time, the n.b.a. Where does this experience rank for  you in terms of a competition?  It definitely ranks up there because, you know, basketball, you know that was  something that I did pretty much my whole life. It just came second nature to  me. So "Survivor" is definitely a lot tougher than basketball.  Jeff: Would you play again?  , of course,, of course,.  Jeff: Down on the end. David, you're a big-time executive. You make these  million-dollar decisions. You shocked me when out of the gate you hit the guy  next to you, Garrett, as the guy to send out of here. When you look back on  that moment, you were so fast eye didn't even finish the question-- any  regret about that rash decision?  No, I think it was my only play. I was playing to win, and I lost the pennant  in april and I expected to be there in october.  Jeff: I gotta say, whether you finish first out or in Woo's case, 19th out,  you still are not winning. So you might as well swing for the fencers.  There is one winner. There are 17 losers here. I was just the first one.  Jeff: Garrett, you came in obviously a big guy, buff. Were you surprised how  hard this game hit you?  Yeah, pfs amazing to me how physically and mentally I fell apart almost  immediately.  Jeff: Is it hard to watch that?  It was miserable. To make so many mistake nas game that was so important to  me and something I wanted so bad was really devastating but luckily i've had  a year to deal with it.  Jeff: Let's go down to Morgan. Morgan you took a lot of grief from people.  You're on the beauty tribe, and I asked you at tribal, you're used to  this,ant you, getting everything for free, based on your looks. And you  answered so honestly. I gotta say to you that I thought you embodied what the  whole premise was about. We take different qualities that is our currency in  life. You have learned anything from this in terms of how I use my beauty to  get in a door, and them it's what I do when that door opens that matter?  The beauty, it doesn't propel me through the entire, you know, experience.  But it definitely helps getting my foot in the door. And it's up to my mind  and, you know, my wits to, you know, continue with that and succeed.  Jeff: I loved how candid you were at tribal. It made for great tribal. I have  to say. J’Tia, the moral-- so-- ( applause ) ( boos ) j-tia, they can boo  you. I'd have you back in a second.  Exactly.  Jeff: The moral of the story is what with you?  Don't tell somebody they are about to be voted out. You think I’m going to go  quietly? I’m going to dump your rice. That's what I’m going to do.  Jeff: Time to go to one more guy, LJ What's been the reaction? I'll say of  all the guys that were voted out early, you were probably the guy that more  of my women friends came to me and said, "oh, man. LJ's gone, wow. Of  did you get a lot of female reaction?  Yeah, I did. I got-- I guess just started to social media probably a week  before I got voted out. And I was fumbling through --  so life is okay.  Yeah, I’m not complaining about it right now.  Jeff: So up next, it's our 29th season. Fortunately, we get to do another  one. The question is what are we going to do? We will show you that when we  come back. ( applause ) cheers and applause )  jeff: All right. It's time for the check preparation. That is a check for a  million dollars. Congratulations. You're a great winner.  Thank you so much.  Jeff: All right, we've been on the air for 14 years and 28 seasons. And I’m so  happy to say we get to do it again. Where are we going? Take a look.  He's my brother. I don't want to fight against him.  I get one shot.  Literally felt like my heart was being torn out of my chest.  I really care about him.  Blood is thicker than anything. ( cheers and applause )  jeff: It is blood versus water 2. If you want to own a piece of "Survivor"  you can bid on props from the season. The proceeds from the auction will go  to "Survivor stand up to cancer." you can help raise money to vote  cancer off the planet. The bidding starts after the show. If you want to be  on the show, with social media, twitter, youtube, just find us. Put yourself  out there. All the details are on cbs.com. We're looking for players. I say  it every season. We are still on the air because of you guys. We make the  show. You watch it. You keep watching. We'll keep making it. We will see you  in the fall for "Survivor: San juan del sur-- blood versus water."  good night. Captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org