<br/>previously on Survivor.  There are two options black gets you the advantage  for 30 days Spencer and Tony have been on opposite paths.  Both put your palms out.  Jeff: Everything has gone right for Tony. He's been at the top of the  majority alliance and has multiple idols.  You have been finding the one with different powers.  I have two idols in my possession.  For Spencer.  Black is the advantage witness's been a different story. His life in the game  has been a constant struggle.  You have as many clues as you want,.  He wasted his only idol.  Jeremiah.  And his allies have been picked off one by one.  See you.  But things started to turn around.  Spencer has it.  He won immunity. The majority alliance was turning on each other.  You write my name down and you're going home.  He even made a final three pact with Kass and Woo.  And they targeted Tony. But at tribal council it fell apart once again. Kass  realized Tony had enemies.  Tony put most of those people over there but no one wants to see it, jeff.  Jeff: And she decided to keep him.  Spencer could only watch as the majority alliance took out his only ally.  Tasha, the tribe has spoken. Who will be voted out tonight.  Part two? So what was the point of the whole whole shenanigan? Just for fun  or what?  We made a final three deal, so what was the point of that doing that if you  didn't mean it.  That's what you guys are proposing but I already have a final three.  At tribe at council Kass and Woo voted for Tasha so it turns out the deal  that we had was a lie. So I left tribal kind of confused.  You could have just told me you were voting Tasha out and there's nothing I could  have done about it. Why bother with the whole charade.  Why does anyone lie in this game, it's part of the game.  At the end of the day I realized that Tony has been a jerk to pretty much  everyone at some point if the game. Maybe I would rather go to the end with Tony  who has burned so many bridges and just been so obnoxious that nobody wants  him to win.  I guess the bottom line is, spineser, they were toying with you.  Right, they were toiing with me, just for fun.  That's loilts, my friend.  They are loyal.  As long as they don't stab me in the back I will never stab them in the back.   I am playing against Tony who has played all these people like a fiddle and  three foolish players who don't think for themselves and I’m almost  definitely next to go. But if I have any hope in the game, it's the fact that  I’m playing with people who understand it so little.  So yeah this is it, man, the final stretch, my friend.  I'm going into the immunity challenge feeling superconfident I’m going to  win.  Me too, man.  And I I’m going out there and I’m going to try to win just so Spencer doesn't  win.  Right.  How do you feel about final three. You know if Kass went to the end she ain't  get nothing votes. She would be perfect for final 3. Me, you and her she gets  no votes.  I did consider blindsiding Tony but it's a move that I decided not to make  because honestly I feel like sitting next to Tony at the end of the game, top  three would be a lovely thing since we started this game together so I need  him to see me as someone that wouldn't back stab him, someone who would be  loyal to him to the end. So I decided to fill him in with what went down with  the rewards.  Since we were going to vote for you, that was his game plan, which Kass was  in on.  Wow, man.  She even told me hey, I think would be better if we win top three being me, Kass  and Spencer.  Tell me about it.  It was good that you came to me because that just shows me integrity, your  loyalty. He's been with me since the beginning. He has proven his trust and  loyalty to me throughout. The kid is genuine and it tears me apart that I’m going  to have to eventually blindside him.  You don't want to take someone likable to the end because he might have a  shot of getting a few votes, he might get a lot of votes. That's not good for  business. I’m thinking about my family. My wife told me Tony, when you go out  there, don't do anything stupid. Try to win the game. Taking him to the end  is stupid. I will listen my wife on this one  jeff: Come on in, guys. You guys ready to get to today's reward challenge?  For today's challenge you're going to dive into a pit of mud and cover your  body with mud. You'll then race back and scrape the mud off into a bucket.  You cannot carry mud in any fashion. The person with the most mud in their  bucket after ten minutes wins a reward. Want to know what you're playing for?   Yeah.  After 34 days in these conditions not only do you miss comfort food from home  but you miss the convenience of having that comfort food delivered to your  home. The winner of today's challenge will have piping hot pizza delivered to  you at camp. All you have to do is sit and eat. Worth playing for?  Yeah.  Jeff: All right. Draw up your spots. We'll get started.  Jeff: Here we go, for reward. Survivors ready. Go!  I see people hopping, some sliding through, doesn't matter, just get in that  mud.  Big question is what strategy will you use to get the mud back. Whatever you  can get to stick to your body works.  Tony coming back, Trish coming back Kass really taking her time the goal is  to get as much mud as you can in that bucket. You have 10 minutes to do it.  Keep in mind you can't carry mud t that would be the easy thing to do. Spencer  back out. Woo back out, Trish coming back out. That's how you do it the  combination of getting as much on your body as you can but then getting what  is on your body into the buckets. Tony with a lot of mud coming off those  arms. Woo is using his hair to transport mud and it's working. Kass, face  first, that is how you do it after 34 days on Survivor. Tony with a lot of  mud. Woo back with a lot of mud. Spencer scraping it all off. Everybody  heading back out for more mud. Two minutes left. Keep moving. Woo flying  through. Kass with an amazing living art sculpture. One minute left in this  challenge. One minute. Right now it is Tony, Woo and Spencer, Kass and Trish  falling behind. Make your last run. Load up. You've got one more chance to get  in that pit and get as much mud as you can. You never give up in this game. Tony  with a lot of mud. Woo coming back with mud. Spencer coming back. Trish and Kass  coming back, this is it, going to be your last round, get as much as you can  off your body and into this bucket. Everybody covered in mud. Last five  seconds, five, four, three, two, one. Everybody step away. Great effort.  Wow, nobody even came close. Tony's bucket literally overflowing with mud. So  Spencer s there any question about this challenge? Do we need to weigh them.  We agree the buck set proof enough. All right, Tony, get over here so here's  the deal. Pizza delivered to you back at camp, hot, cheese, all the fixings.  But everybody knows pizza delivered to home for one, kind of pathetic. Pizza  for two that's a party. Choose one of these four to join you this afternoon,  which means two of you will enjoy pizza, three of you will not. Anorexia,  come on over.  Yeah, pizza! I love you! I love you! I love you! Thank you so much.  Jeff: You're picking Trish based simply on need.  Of course, jeff.  Jeff: All right, here is what will you happen. Tony, Trish go back to camp,  pizza will be delivered to you and you two only. Woo, Kass, Spencer, got  nothing for you, grab yourself, head back to camp and enjoy the afternoon.  Get on out of here.  I feel like-- you looks like-- on top of your head, I thought I was going to  wet my pants.  She still has it.  Oh my goodness. Look at that thing.  I'm actually glad Tony picked Trish for the reward because it just solidifies  that those two are locked together. Tony is the alpha male out here and she's  the female. They are like a couple of baboons. Surprised she's not picking  chicks off him right now. They are attached at the hip and everyone can see  it. And in my view no one in this game should have that much power. The pizza  reward is kind of like a metaphor for what's going on in the game. Tony is  winning. He's taking long Trish, and no one seems to be bothered by that.  Everyone seems to be handy Tony this game much like the pizza on a silver  platter.  Oh pie goodness, would you like a napkin.  Oh my god, Tony, you're going to tloup, stop.  I know you're happy, but it's not worth it to eat it and have it all come  back.  I've never seen anyone snort a pizza down like Tony. It started coming out of  his nose and ears, pineapple flying every where. I was like whoa, dude, slow  down.  You can have this one here.  Tony, you ate five.  He didn't have the special power.  Yeah.  You do, both.  Yeah.  I can't believe you have both.  -- uh-huh.  Both the idols I have now, even the idol with the special powers have to be  used when it's down to five Survivors left.  My intentions are to lie to them and act like the special power idol I’m allowed  to use it whens there's four Survivors left. If they do for me my bluff, I’m guaranteed  final three.  She is just reckless.  Normally I would get her out of here. But I can't. I want letter to the end.  The game is in my hands. I have the power right now, I’m in the driver seat,  I want to stay strong with Trish and Kass because those are the two less  likely to win over me.  I know I have Trish but Kass and I have to solidify some type of plan.  -- the helicopter delivering your pizza.  You won't.  Unless you win the million dollars. How are you feeling today, Kass if.  All right, man.  An important day for all of us. Because if experience irwins one of us go.  I know.  So I’m going give it my all.  I'm giving my all.  I want to go in with you and in with Trish. Even though you went behind my  back they tlid tried to blindside me. But I don't care about that right now.  I’m not taking it personal. I want to go with you and I want to go with Trish.   Tony decided to confront me and say I heard that you were conspiring against  me and I want you to know that Woo told me all that and I’m okay with that  but you shouldn't be doing that. It was stupid of Woo to tell him and to tell  me.  I want to you feel comfortable and 100% and I’m with you. Because we will at  the end. You it's 50/50. My baby and wife we're going.  Tony pledged on his wife and baby that it's still going to take me to the  end. Soif's been forgiven by the mafia boss but if I’m going to sit next to Tony  in the final 3 I need to show everyone that Tony is a bully, just an  extremely unlikeable person. And he won't get any votes from the jury. So  chaos Kass is back. Woo told me everything I told you.  He told me on the bode yesterday, you told me everything.  What?  Woo says he didn't tell you anything on the boat yesterday.  What are you doing? Who are you investigating?  Why can't I investigate.  Yeah, me and you were talking and he told me everything he told me. I told  you something in secrecy and you come here and blow it out.  You were interrogating me.  Interrogating you? I told you a fact. You say you went behind my back, I did  make that up out of the blue or was that a fact. She's amazing.  I'm allowed to confront people too.  Congratulations.  He shook my hand and swore on his wife and baby that we have a final 3.  If people tell secrets and it's people like you that go in and blow things  up.  I told Woo that Tony swore on his baby and wife else that's taking me to the  final 3 because at this point you want as much paranoias you can stir up  especially among tight tight people so he just screwed himself because now  perhaps Woo doesn't trust him.  So.  Please don't talk to me.  Everybody is a lawed to talk to Tony but nobody is allowed to talk to each  other.  That is how intelligent you are. You have no idea. Talking to people and  revealing secrets is a totally different animal. When I told you that, you  were weren't supposed to tell him. I’m sorry, I’m supposed to talk drama to  you. Do you understand that? Better? That was the last straw that broke the  camel's back. It's like are you kidding me. Strategically Kass is perfect to  bring to the end but she's such an insult to this game. This game. So as far  as I’m concerned, we're done. Tony I want you to now that what I did was  strategic. I don't trust you Tony. I know that, that's your problem you're  own worst enemy. Now one of your people doesn't know if he's one of your  people. What are you digging for now please that's enough. Let me check to  see if that tree is ripe with coconut. I’m kind of over the whole Tony thing,  but wu you needed to know that stuff. He was going to take me to the final  three. To me he was playing both sides when he tells wu somethiing and he  tells me the same thing. A typical strategy would be to get rid of Tony, but  he has at least one idol that we are aware of, plus he's such a jerk I think  I can beat him in the end. So I think the best option for me at this point is  to fill in wu and Spencer and scru up Tony's game. And he really did promise  on his wife and baby which I’m sure he promised you on the boat the other day.  Did he swear on his wife and baby with you on the boat? He didn't wu do you  have any thoughts on this? I do thank you! No you have a good one. That's  exactly why he might not. I think he really want to keep me because he  doesn't think I can win.  I have been a close ally with Tony playing this game with him since day one.  But it's come out that he promised cass on his wife an baby girl that he  would take her to the final 3. Which means that I know for almost for a fact  that Tony was going to blindside me so my trust in Tony has gone down  tremendously. I mean Woo if I go out, right, Tony and Trish are deciding  which one of you goes to the end with them and which one of them goes home.  The question is what to do about it.  Well, if you want to insurance you make the final 3.  Get Trish.  Yeah.  Uh-huh.  This morning I overheard Kass saying I was a go and that maybe they should  vote me out. Which really infuriated me because I have been sitting here  trying to be nice to Kass this whole time which is really exhausting for me.  But I will tell you this, she will be sorry she did that.  You and I really have t to-- report, one and two.  Going into today my game was basically win immunity. Now there's some cracks  I can work with which appears to be good news but at the same time I’m not  stupid. I know that I am still target number one. So even with everything  going on at camp, I need immunity. And I’m going to fight my ass off for it.  Come on, guys!  Guys ready to get to today's you mine-- immunity challenge. First thing first  Spencer, take back the necklation. Thank you. Once again immune sit back up  for grabs. For today's challenge you're going to race to untangle a braided  rope releasing a key. You'll then unlock ladder rungs and use them to build a  ladder. You will then use planks to build a staircase. When you reach the  top, you must-- the Survivor puzzle. First person to finish wince immunity,  guaranteed a one in four shot at winning this game. Losers tribal council,  after 36 days somebody will be voted out. Get your spots. We'll get started.  Here we go for immunity, a guaranteed spot in the final 4. Survivors ready,  go. First stage very simple. Unbraid the rope, the key will drop. Got to be  fully unbraided. Tony doing a nice job off to a quick start. Got to separate  all the ropes. Trish doing a nice job. Kass making a lot of progress. Woo and  Spencer struggling. Tony's good. Tony has his key, he cun lock the ladder  rung. Big early lead for Tony. Tony has his rung free, he's starting to work  on his ladder. Trish, you're good, Trish. Kass has hers, go, Kass.  Spencer has it. Go Spencer. Trish starting to work on her ladder. Woo is the  last to finish. Kass, Spencer in it, Woo now in on it. This is a long  challenge. Don't panic, focus. You can only put one rung up at a time and you  have to go from the bottom to the top. Everybody working on their ladders. Tony  with a couple of pieces. Spencer has his second piece. Trish has her first  piece. If you try to force it and it doesn't fit, it probably doesn't belong  there. Tony with his third piece. Tony with his fourth piece. Tony has been  leading this challenge from the beginning. Tony with his fifth piece. Spencer  still looking for that third piece. Tony with another piece. Kass still  working on her first piece. Woo looking for that second. Tony has one piece  left on the ladder. He is flying through this challenge. And he has got it  completed. Tony now moving on to the staircase. Experience we are his third  piece. Tony already working on the flanks. He's got his first. Spencer with  another piece. Trish, Woo and Kass falling out of it. Spencer down to two  pieces left. Tony with another plank. Experience we are another rung, he's  got one left. Spencer has his ladder completed. Start working on the plank,  this is now Tony and Spencer. Tony with a big lead. Tony with another plank.  He's got one left. Tony now working his way to the top. Can start working on  that slide puzzle, the last phase of this challenge, the only thing standing  between him and immunity, Tony has yet to win an individual immunity. Kass, Woo  and Trish having a tough time building that first ladder. Spencer's almost  halfway there. Tony slides the pieces around. Tony with a huge time  advantage. The question is does he know how to do slide puzzles. Woo has his  ladder finished. Kass has her ladder finished. Absolute disaster for Trish. Tony  working on the slide puzzle. Sliding pieces all over the place. Rapidly. Does  he know what he's doing or is he just lost his mind after 36 days. Spencer  with another plank, two left. Else's got to move, Tony has had a lot of time  to work on this slide puzzle. Sfenser with his next to last plank. Spencer  has one plank left. An he's got it. Spencer, start working on your slide  puzzle. It is Tony and Spencer working on the puzzle, Tony has lead this  challenge from the beginning, Spencer has won immunity twice, he knows he  wants it again tonight. Tony has had a big lead throwing pieces around like a  madman, experience certificate studying the puzzle. Two very different  approaches. Tony continues to work at a feverish pace. Spencer very  methodical in how he is moving pieces around. But it's working. Puzzle is  coming together. Tony huge lead, slipping way, Spencer has found his way back  and this would be a huge comeback.  Spencer thinks he has it. An incredible come back.  Yes, yes lam.  Jeff: Spencer wins immunity, guaranteed a spot in the final four. Massive  comeback. Spencer, come on over you solved that so fast I barely saw it  happen.  I needed it. Spencer safe tonight at tribal council, guaranteed a spot in the  final 4 cannot be voted out. As for the rest of you after 36 days out here,  somebody going home tonight. See you tonight at tribal. Congrats.  Spencer has one immunity, once again, so now we have to speed up the process  of elimination from our own alliance. Which is going to be very, very hard  good job, everyone.  I couldn't get the three rungs.  I never day puzz nell my life. I don't know puzzles.  You got up there quick.  You were leading, yeah, you were way ahead.  I knew I wasn't going to dot puzzle. I could have been up there for an hour,  I wouldn't have got it.  Winning immunity didn't just feel good t was nirvana. I mean this was a win  of epic proportions. My back was against the wall I had to win and I did. And  now that I have immunity these four are going have to turn on each other and  cannibalize each other and I’m just going to sit back and enjoy the show.  It's been great, I think you're a great guy, I just very a quick question for  Kass, do you think I’m stupid.  Why would I think I’m stupid.  Or do you think I’m dpef.  I knew you were listening to that Trish.  Why were you sitting there talking about me five feet away about how you were  gunning to get me off.  You're to the going to deny what you said.  I don't have that against you.  It's to the because I don't like you or anything.  I understand that. But I’m just letting you know what kind of a game Kass  plays, she plays both sides and all of a sudden she's the victim. Go find  someone who will listen your victim woes today, because I’m not.  I'm not a pass of a gressive person. If I have a problem I go right to the  source and Kass is an agitates ter, she loves to get people angry at each  other. And there is only some of you can take of somebody like that.  You don't want to argue with me. I will rip you apart in 30 seconds.  Stop it, guys.  You are a victim, poor me, everyone is picking on me but you play two sides  to everything. Then you turn on that big you can lee grin on your face and  act like you're going win everything. And I got news for you, sister, you're  not.  Trish went completely off the hook with me. She looked like fricken skel tore  with her big blue eyes and skeleton finger waving in my face. You have a  vicious and cruel human being. And everyone sees it the way I do, except for  you. Everyone here sees you for who you are, september for you. And it's  really quite tragic.  Trish, tack a walk.  Trish is pissed off because oy threw her under the bus, which is part of the  game so get over it. But things got a little out of hand today. I mean it was  going to cost me my game, it could.  What was that all about.  In is why it's important to get Woo because Woo's go going to be the decision  maker here.  Woo knows Tony's plan.  Yeah but right now what they are doing is consulting.  They're saying let's vote for Kass, I know that.  If those three who just walked off are together there's nothing we can do.  We just need to talk to Woo. We really need --  yeah.  All right. This is just before we go any further, Woo, do you have any  questions for me. Are you questioning my integrity or honesty? All I want to  know is did you promise her on your wife and child.  I did that, I’m to the going to lie to you, but I knew she already tried to  back stab me that is the only reason I did that.  You never swore to me about taking me top three so-- s this's why I was  skeptical.  I promised you but I didn't swear, but now I’m swearing to you, she's gone.  Today I was doing a lot of scrambling a lot more lying all because Kass went  blabbing her mouth to Woo telling him I was taken her to the final three. I didn't  make any promise to go to the final three and now he is suspicious of me.  I'm just like concerned just because she came up to me.  I know that. You me anthony vote for Kass, she is goes home.  I have two immunity idols. If nobody flip approximates from this three it is  impossible for them to do anything. Kass might be a beautiful person on the  outside world, but as far as Survivor is concerned, she is absolutely  horrible. Why would she go and tell him that I said all this stuff unless she  was looking to blindside me. Therefore, she's going home, period.  Well now we're right here and I will swear my wife and my kid it's me, you  and Trish. I swear my mother, on my dead dad, I swear on his grave, me, you  and Trish are going to the end, all right, that's telephone.  So we're voting Kass off tonight.  She's gone.  Tony has been making all these promises pretty much to everyone. So at this  point I just don't feel as though I can trust him.  That's it, final 3.  The problem s I’m pretty sure that at the end of the game, Tony is going to  se see-- save Trish over me so, I’m thinking maybe it's time to make that big  move.  What's up Woo. &gt; you need help.  Yeah, sure all right. I just had.  You understand how it feels trust me, abundantly clear Woo came over and said  want to get rid of Trish which would you awesome, unfortunately I’m skeptical  because he has the before said he was going to do something and decided not  to. So I don't know how serious Woo is about this.  All right. I’m looking long term for myself and for him to come up to Kass  and make the initiative of blindsiding me, potentially Trish and Tony are  inseparable. And if you or I want a shot at winning we have to have a shot at  voting Tony out at the final four. And we can't do that if fish is here.  That's what im 's saying. I’m pretty much set on voting Trish, if I vote out Trish  can we make a pact that we will go final 3.  Yes no matter what.  Cool?  I'm the swing vote at this point. I can either get rid of Trish or take out Kass.  I haven't made up my mind at this point. I’m still trying to figure out what  option is going to be the best for me so I got to make a huge decision and  time time is ticking.  I just saw Woo talking to experience and Kass and I’m thinking to myself what  the hell just happened. I thought we were a strong alliance. You know is an  injustice to bring that girl to the top, man. You know is. I swear to you on  my dad's grave because I knew I wasn't going break it with you. I need you. I  have to make sure that me and Woo are on the same page. If not, I might have  to break my promise and change the plan. I don't want to do that.  We'll see what happens tonight.  Jeff: Now bring in the members of our jury sar a Morgan, lj, Jeremiah, jeffra  and Tasha voted out at the last tribal council. All right so, interesting  situation tonight, Tony. Spencer wince immunity, we finally get to the good  part. One of the four of you are going home tonight.  Well, that's exactly what it's going to be, jeff, challenge beast won  immunity once again, his back was up against the wall and gave it his best  and he prevailed.  Jeff: Kass, what was the vibe at camp after the challenge.  The minute we got back Trish railed into me like a fricking wild skeleton  blue eyed ban chi.  Jeff: What was that again.  I done even know what I said but I’m sure it was accurate. She was yelling at  me, telling me I was against her and just showing her capacity for hatred and  she was holding this in until she knew Spencer won because we weren't able to  vote out Spencer.  Trish, one phrase in there, your capacity for hatred.  Yeah. Kass unfortunately is always the victim. And she likes to be a  troublemaker but then she doesn't like conflict. If gruing to be an agitator  and plot Woo against Tony and Tony against Woo, don't sit back and say but I didn't  do everything. Now everybody is being so mean to me. She has a fight with  almost everybody every single day.  I haven't fought with anybody on the jury. I haven't even had a confrontation  with anyone outside of Kass today.  Instead you just rail into somebody. I see, I see.  Jeff: Spencer.  Yeah.  Jeff: This is great for you because any time someone else is crumbling it's  an opportunity for someone else.  I mean things were pretty crazy today. And the fact that I won immunity sped  up this process of the four having to turn on each other.  Woo, does this break your heart a little bit to see people arguing or is this  strategy wise fantastic for you?  Well, it's evident that there has been hidden vendetta and animosity and when  these confrontation goes on, our foursome breaks up. Now I look at it as  three brawn versus two brain.  Jeff: You're putting Kass back with Spencer.  It's pretty clear. And that puts Kass in a very vulnerable position.  Jeff: Kass, does that shock you, because you have been clear about saying I am  not with them, I am with you guys.  I didn't predict that psycho bitch would come out at me today but Tony was  cause trying to tell me I’m final three an Woo is final three.  In young lady is delusiona. This is what had. Woo approaches me and says Kass  is talking to Spencer, they want to blindside. I go up to Kass and say let's  be cool, we can make it to the end. But it is between us, blah, blah, blah,  she goes back to camp, Woo, is it true you told Tony this and that. I said Kass  you just sealed your fate why would you tell him what I told you if we are  working together.  The Woo exchange worked out as I thought was.  Jeff: She planned this all along.  Tony said Kass the deal is off, I’m done with you, it's over, in front of Woo  who he had a deal with. What does that tell Woo. So Tony in being so angry--  .  I'm emotional. I express my feelings and my expressional-- expressions. She  sits with the same grin, mad, happy, smiling, crying, same look there it is.  Well, you're making an ass of myself.  And she calls me an animal so I have to talk to her like I’m an animal so she  can understand me it is just a joke w we are here to play a game. Let's have  fun with it.  Jeff: Wow. Isn't this awesome? Spencer, you seem sort of disgusted by it. I would  think you would be chuckling.  I do find it funny, I just feel like I’m in one flew over the cuckoo's nest.  And it's medication time.  It's just nuts.  Jeff: Woo what is your take.  I feel like I’m stuck in the worst family possible with Tony being dad and Trish  being the mom, Kass beinged sister and Spencer being the son and I’m just  like that foreign exchange student who is shocked every single time it goes  down. You want to come out and tell these guys just to shut up and  consensus-- concentrate more so on the game.  Jeff: I don't remember a tribal council this late in the game where there  were this many people laughing even though somebody's dream is going to fall  three days short in just a few few minutes.  Jech, tonight's vote is to the going to be emotional, it is game play that is  all it. I’m definitely not going home tonight.  Jeff: Why dow say you're definitely to the going home.  Well, jeff-- my bag of tricks is getting too heavy for me so tonight it is  going to be out with the old, which I’m going get rid of tonight and in with  the new, jeff. New special one right here.  Jeff: Wow, big reaction. Five people left, I have to use it and in my special  I have another surprise with them when I use this idol, jeff, and I won't  disclose that either as of now.  Jeff: Spencer what is your take on it.  Normally I would point out the biggest threat right now to win the game, Tony,  and casting my vote that way.  Can't touch me though.  But this complicates things.  Jeff: All right, it is time to vote. Kass, you're up. &gt; i suggest a book on self-awareness. It will be henful for you in the future.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. Anybody have a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so.  I don't need to play it but I have no use for this thing. It stays on the  island.  Jeff: This is a hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast against Tony will not  count. I'll read the votes. First vote, Trish.  Kass. Trish, two votes Trish, one vote Kass. 13th person voted out, the 7th  member of our jury, Trish, 3 is enough. You need to bring me your torch.  Jeff: Trish, its tribe has spoken.  Thank you. Good luck.  Jeff: Well, you have made it to the final four, given the history of events  thus far t is anybody's game to win. Grab your torches, head back to camp.  Good night.  Next time on its two hour season finale of Survivor.  You want me to come out and be your mama or come out and win.  The road to the end is never easy.  If it comes down to me burning the whl place down join us for the finale.  You know I may be too nice to play this game but from Kass perspective  maybe-- it is stressful, feel like you have to back stab. I’m grateful for  what I have and looking forward to getting back to it. Peanut m &amp; ms,  anyone. I’m so fricking hungry.