<br/>jeff: Once again, "Survivor" is taking television's greatest social  experiment in a new direction. These 18 americans have been divided into  three groups that represent the qualities they most rely on in their daily  lives. The brain tribe, with an average i.q. Of 130, this group utilizes  their intellect to accomplish their goals.  In 2010, I entered the world open chess tournament, and I tied for first. I certainly  don't look diabolical or like a genius, both of which I am.  I'm president of the miami marlins. In baseball, there's only one winner at  the end. "Survivor" is the same. So i've been playing this game  fair long time, just not on the beach.  I am an attorney, and my track record is undefeated. They think, how cute,  there's the mom. They don't know I’m probably more cunning and ruthless than  95% of the population.  Jeff: The beauty tribe. This group includes a cheerleader, panellent queen,  and fashion mod whole rely on their looks to get what they want.  I was an nfl cheerleader. I don't want to sound like super-conceited but from  a guy I usually get what I want.  I'm a fashion model. I think it's going to help me out get a little bit  further into the game because I’m going to win them over with my looks.  I competed in miss kentucky. I was second place three years in a row. I believe  beauty is going to help me with the social aspect of the game.  Jeff: The brawn tribe. This group relies on physical strength.  My name is Cliff robinson. I played 18 years in the n.b.a. I always play for  bread and meat. I don't win, I don't eat. That's what the game of "Survivor"  is about.  I'm a police officer. And I started mixed martial arts in 2009. Getting paid  to punch someone in the face, it doesn't really get better than that.  I've been a police officer in jersey city for 13 years. I’m always jumping  over cars, from roof to roof chasing people. So this game to me should be  easy. Knock on Wood.  Jeff: It is the ultimate challenge-- brawn versus brains versus beauty. Which  trait will prove the most valuable?  I'm super smart. I have what it takes to win this game.  I don't see the guys going, "oh, I want to vote her off right  away." they don't want to look at ugly girls all day.  Chaim known as the tough brawny girl. When I feel like someone's out to get  me, I’m going to get you back and I’m going to get you 10 times harder.  Jeff: And who will have what it takes to outlast all the rest?  I will go down as one of the best players to play, and I want to play an  awesome game.  Jeff: In the end, only one will remain to claim the million-dollar prize. 39  days, 18 people, one Survivor. Captioning brought to you by Survivor  productions, cbs, and ford. Drive one.  I am so excited to start "Survivor, I can't even stand. I’m such a  competitive person I would literally do anything to get to the finish line to  beat you if I had to. I mean, it's just who I am.  When I saw the speed boat race up, the girls were in the front and they were  all kind of like oh, look at us. I’m surprised there wasn't, like, cheesy  music in the background.  I've noticed a few people coming off the helicopter who seem like more of the  nerdy type, like the cochran of the game that's going to be really smart and  witty and play the game well.  Jeff: Welcome to "Survivor: Cagayan." ( cheers and applause ). You've  been divided into three tribes based on three of the qualities it takes to  succeed in this game: Brawn, brains, and beauty. The woman in the black,  what's your name?  Morgan.  Jeff: Morgan. Just looking at the mixture here, if you had to choose, what would  you say you guys are, the beauty, the brains, or the brawn?  I mean, I don't mean to sound conceited but I think we're by they. ( laughter  ).  Jeff: Let's go down here to the end. Guy in the back, green. If they're  beauty, where do you think you fit in?  I guess we're the nerds. I don't know.  Jeff: Based on what?  Oh, based on them looking really physical. ( laughter ).  Jeff: That leaves the group in the middle. You guys must be brawn. The guy in  the gray t-shirt, what's your name?  Tony.  Jeff: Does that feel all right to you? Do you accept that?  I gladly accept that.  Jeff: What do you like about being in the brawn tribe?  We're going to stomp on beauty and we're going to stomp on smart. I love it.  Jeff: This season is going to test your ability to draw on different parts of  brawn, brains, and beauty while you adapt in this game moment by moment,  starting right now. We're going to choose a leader from each tribe. If you  have not had a chance to talk, really all you can do is size each other up by  looking at each other. We'll start down here on the end with beauty. Figure  it out. Who do you want to represent tribe? The guy in the black hat, it  looks like it's. What is your name?  LJ  Jeff: How does it feel moments into this game you've been selected as the guy  to represent the hot tribe.  Clearly I’m the inner beauty of the group. If I’m the man that sticks out, we  have to do it.  Jeff: Let's go here in the middle to the brawn. Who's is going to be?  Sarah.  Jeff: Sarah in the front. The woman in the yellow, what's your name?  Trish.  Jeff: Trish. Why Sarah?  She's pretty confident. She looks like she can get the job done.  Jeff: All right, let's get down to the third tribe. Who is going to represent  the brain tribe?  Who looks the smartest. ( laughter )  what do you think? Are you okay?  You guysment me, I’m yours.  There we go.  You got it.  Jeff: What's your name?  David.  Jeff: Okay, woman on the end, what's your name?  Kass.  Jeff: Kass, why David? I.  I personally never trust a man in a suit but I trust David so we'll go with  that.  Jeff: So we have our three leaders. Now the game is going to get a little  tougher. The leaders of each group are now going to decide who is the weakest  from their group. If you have to get rid of somebody, who do you get rid of?  Suddenly, being the leader is not the position you want to be in. LJ, we're  going to start with you.  This game in the beginning is all physical challenges. And I think if I had  to, I would have to pick Morgan.  Jeff: Morgan. Wow. This can't happen often to you in life.  First for everything.  Jeff: Take a step over here, Morgan.  In my perspective of beauty, there is hot and there's cute. Morgan, she's  hot. Whereas the other girls are, like, cute, and me, personally, I trust  cute more than I trust hot.  Jeff: Let's go to the brawn tribe now. Sarah, based on first impressions, who  do you dump from this tribe?  I've got a good vibe from everyone. I mean, this is a real sucky position.  But I guess without further ado, the woman in the yellow.  Jeff: Trish, right?  Yes.  Jeff: Trish, you were the first person to speak up for Sarah. And she's the  one who ultimately puts you out.  That's okay. I understand that. If that's how she feels, that's how she  feels. Glrt, we need one more. Down to the brain tribe. David, because of  your jacket, evidently, you were selected as the leader of this group.  Just for the record, the jacket doesn't match the pants, so it's not a suit.  Jeff: Are you used to making decisions like this, David?  I make decisions like this often, and I’m going to go with him.  Jeff: Wow, you didn't even think about it. Guy in the green, what's your  name.  Garret.  Jeff: David.  Would just say from standing here, that is a surprising choice. What did you  base it on?  Focusing on i'd say the last two-third of the game.  Jeff: So you're already looking to the end.  Well, you asked me to make a decision for now, but every decision you make is  based on what's good for now and what's good for later.  Jeff: All right, garret, take a spot over here next to Trish.  My strategy with choosing garret is he's built like a mack truck, and he's  got brains, too? Now, that's going to be a formidable combination. So I figured  it would make sense to get rid of him.  Jeff: This is how fast "Survivor" changes. If this had been a  tribal council, all three of you, Morgan, Trish, garret, would be out of this  game. Fortunately, for you, it's not tribal council. You're not out of the  game. You're not even out of your tribe, but you're not going to go back to  camp with them. You're going to get on the chopper. You're going to fly  ahead. You will land at camp early, and you will make a decision on behalf of  the tribe that just vote you out. Now, it's the three tribes that are  worried, wondering what did we just do? Grab your bags, get on the chopper.  Good luck.  Jeff: All right, for the rest of you, I have maps to your new home. (  applause ) beauty tribe. You are salana. Brawn, you are apare. Brains, you  are luzan. Good news is you have great weather on day one. Grab your stuff,  head to your new camp, get started on building shelter. It could be a wet  season. Good luck.  To be isolated from the group right away, it really sucks. Lik like at least both of the other two leaders preppedded they were so sad to  have to pick the person, but David doesn't hesitate. He immediately pats me  on the back and says, "garret." he is the weakest. Which is b.s. I’m  stronger than any of them. There it is. "you have a decision to make.  You can help yourself or help your tribe." all right, we can just  "x" this second part out. I’m definitely going to be helping  myself. If you choose to help your tribe, you'll be given a second bag of  rice. If you choose to help yourself, you'll be given the clue to the  locationave hidden immunity idol. As far as I’m concerned I’m already on the  outs with my tribe so this is a complete no-brainer. Obviously, I’m going to  look for the hidden immunity idol. See what we've got here. Straight forward.  When people see my body, often they're like, "he's just a dumb jock!"  but I was valedictorian of nigh class, 99 percentile s.a.it is, and for a  living I’m a high-stakes professional poker player. So anything I do in my  life, I go all in. "find the place where water's falling." so go to  the water fall. Without question, David make the asinine decision he did  works to my advantage, but he's a threat, and I want him out of the game.  When Sarah had to pick the weak of the tribe, when I looked around, I was  clearly the old oldest. I was clearly the thinnest, so I wasn't surprised it  was me. "if you choose to help yourself you'll be given the clue to a  location of--" oh, crap! Shoot! When I saw that note, I was like oh,  geez. I've got to make a decision whether it's for me or the team. Initially,  I could hear myself saying, "don't be an idiot. Go and get the idol for  yourself and protect yourself." god, I’m so not selfish, but maybe I need  to be. I have been divorced for 15 years, supporting and raising my children  emotionally and financially, and it's been really hard. Yet, at the same  time, I have always been a team player. It's just who I am. You know what? I’m  going to go with helping the group. I’m going to pass up the idol. I just  went with my gut and said,un what? I’m just going to go with the team. I hope  I don't kick myself for the rest of the game on that one, but there's nothing  I can do now. So I just hope I don't regret it.  I'm surprised. I was voted off first. I feel like I have more physical  strength than the other two ladies, and I kind of thought I had the guys  under my thumb. Bub maybe LJ Was tempted by my looks and department want me  around. It messed with his head. That's what I’m good at. Maybe he can sense  that. I hold grudges big time. I will never forgive him for this. "take  a stroll along the rocks." this is a game where you have to save  yourself, so of course I’m going to look for the idol. I guess I’m a selfish  person, but if I can find it, it's going to be a huge game changer for sure.  Clearly going to have to get down and dirt into this water. The clue to the  hidden immunity idol said it's right by the water fall. Unfortunately these  hide and go seek activities is not my area of expertise. I've been in the  situation at a poker table playing for huge amounts of money, and I didn't  get stressed out about it. So this should be child's play. I’m exwargs myself  by not being able to find the stupid idol right now. Wait a minute. What's  this? I feel something! What is this?  Let's see what we got in here. Hidden immunity idol! Oh! Finally, I was able  to find the hidden immunity idol. I’m definitely going to keep it to myself.  But what an amazing start to the game. The hidden immunity idol will keep you  safe from being voted off at tribal council. Me having the idol put me in a  really strong position. I don't know what the hell David was thinking, but I promise  you, I’m going to do everything in my power to get rid of him.  The clue said that the hidden immunity idol would be somewhere near rocks. So  immediately, I thought of the huge rock shelf to the right of our camp. There  are so many little crevices and nooks and crannies that the hidden immunity  idol could be hidden but I don't know when they're going to be here. I don't  know how much time I have. I just know that I have to find it.  When we arrived at the beach it's like, where's Morgan? She was nowhere to be  found and it was just very suspicious.  I was climbing on the rocks, then I saw my other tribe mates come strolling  up on the beach, and my heart just jumped in my throat. If I had been outed  trying to find the idol, and I thought I have to come up with something or I’m  going home for sure.  Oh, my god! This is our humble abody. I wonder where Morgan is.  My other tribemates come strolling up on the beach. It was pretty obvious  what I was doing. I had already been outed as the weakest person and now I’m going  behind their backs and trying to find the idol. I’m like I’m done.  I wonder what decision she had to make.  Then I realized I could just totally lie and say that, "oh, yeah, I picked  the shelter material and fishing stuff over comfort.  Here she comes.  I hope you guys likes what I picked.  What did you get to decide?  I picked rice, shelter stuff, and fishing.  Good choice.  I for sure think I fooled them. Now I have however many days to look for the  idol. I'll have to be really sly about it but I don't think they have any  clue. There are tide pools. That's what I was checking out.  Morgan is already in her underwear, just like a mermaid that walked out of  the ocean, which had me a little nervous because she's way too calm and  collected for someone just voted out. We're going to get thirsty real quick.  Yeah, that's what I was thinking.  Fire and shelter?  Let's figure out where the fire is going to go.  She either already has an immunity idol or she has a clue. So I betterob my  best behavior because she can be the hot girl with a grudge.  You didn't take it it personally, I hope.  It's okay. I’m just have to prove you wrong.  Good.  Morgan was able to provide for us, you know, some good things. I kind of felt  that boosted her confidence a little bit. But I’m no dummy. I know a scorpd  woman when I see her. She was the perfect opportunity for me to use my purple  pants and kind of, like, my personality to kind of get in with her. I wouldn't  have voted you out, just so you know.  He's old, so.  Yeah, right.  For sure. Me and Brice kind of made a little connection, so for right now,  we're sticking together. He's got my back. I'll see what happens.  People don't expect anything from us because they labeled us the beauties.  They think it's just a tribe full of princesses and guys who are, like,  pretty boys who don't really want to get dirty.  Go, boys, go. You're doing good. We've got a coconut waiting!  Keep blowing, baby?  You got it?  Come on, baby.  Heavenly father, please help us get this fire.  Oh! Yes!  Fire!  We're good, buddy.  I was so excited. We got fire right away, you know, without flint, which is  very hard to do. So I’m loving our tribe. You guys are th the bomb.  There's nothing in their minds that wants to connect the beauty tribe with  success but it's happening. We can kick butt out here, and we're doing it.  It's okay! It's okay! I know you had to make a decision on a quick note. I get  that.  I'm so sorry. Please, don't worry about it. How are you?  Good.  Because I was already seen as being the weakest, I felt like that's what they  were they were going to come to camp thinking that this oiledder, skinny  woman we eliminated is weak, so I had to get myself right back on to equal  terms with all of them. I actually had the opportunity to go and look for the  idol but I went for the group and get the extra bag of rice.  I knew you would. ( applause ).  As soon as we arrived to camp, Trish came with open arms. She said I had the  choice of looking for the idol for myself or getting a second bag of rice. If  I was in Trish's shoes there would have been only one bag of rice and one  idol in my pocket. Who wants to talk building shelter? Let's split up. Choose  different chores.  Looking through all of my team members, I could tell any that any challenge  that will have physical strength in it we're definitely going to dominate. We  have the biggest man out here. He's, like, eight feet tall.  I played a little basketball.  Me being a basketball enthusiast, I immediately knew who that was, Cliff  robinson, portland trailblazers, one of my favorite players growing up, and  everyone seemed stoked to have him on our tribe but I don't think anyone's  making a really big deal about it.  Who did you play for?  I played for the portland trailblazers.  Cool!  The phoenix sun. The detroit pistons. The fact that I’m a former basketball  player could hurst me, but to tell you the truth, it doesn't seem like they  really have any interest in basketball, so for me, that's just fine. I can  play this game, not worry about my tribemates judging me for what I did, and  they're just looking at me as Cliff robinson, one of the tribemembers of  "sur"Survivor."  you tell me what you want me to do.  When I get done, I will have no oxygen left so you'll have to blow on it for  a while.  I've been a cop for a while and there is a look cops have and tones looks  like one. Will you look at me real quick and be honest with me? Are you a  cop?  No.  You swear?  I swear, why? I wouldn't hide that.  What do you do?  Construction. That's my main thing, but I do roof, too.  Jersey city.  You look like a cop.  I have a tattoo here. They don't allow that.  How do you know?  I have plenty of cop friends. You don't know no cops?  I do.  I have maybe 50 friends who are cops. I thought fair second should I tell  them I’m a cop. And I thought if I tell them I’m a police officer they'll be  thinking this guy is strategic, tactical, and sharp on his toes and they'll  be right so obviously I will be a threat to them so they'll probably try to  blindside me. What do you do, Sarah?  I'm a qop.  Are you really?  Interrogation is part of my daily duties and I get lied to every day at work  and there's something that makes me feel uneasy about Tony.  You want me to tell you the truth. I’m not a.  You're lying to me. Just tell me you're a cop.  Come on!  I don't know what the hell he does. All I know is I don't think I can trust  him, so he's got to go as soon as possible. That's all i've got to say.  What sup, guys?  Oh, my gosh!  Get a little group hug here going.  Had it nailed, man.  When David came out and said he was going to pick garret, I thought you're an  idiot. You're picking the one guy who can help us in challenges and you're  ostracizing him already. It's a terrible move.  Did you have to make a decision?  Yeah, i've got a couple of things accomplished. I found still water, and i,  like, balled it all the way to the water fall.  Good.  There's a waterfall, yeah, yeah, yeah.  Shut up.  I'm not going to sit here and pretend like I’m some architect so I have no  idea how to build a shelter.  I'm a nuclear engineer.  Wow.  I have an idea for a shelter.  You do.  I've got a plan.  Awesome.  There we go!  I have my ph.d. In nuclear engineering so I think I’m the smartest person here,  hands down. I’m going to build that shelter. I’m not going to cut the bamboo  but I’m going to tell them how to build it and it's going to be an awesome  shelter. We're going to have four stakes about three feet high. I want you to  cut, like, eight bamboo. That's the first thing I need, the base. .  Nice. .  Garret, whack that thing. Get the next one right here. We need to find  another one that is this height.  Okay.  Go ahead.  Okay.  She took the leadership role and her approach is not the sleekest, and she  does come off really confrontational and bossy.  You go get bamboo. That one looks a little tall. Why don't you do one of the  shorter ones. No, no, no flat back, yup, like that. Okay, make like a palm  frond or some stacks of rocks. All we have left is long pieces.  Right now we have an engineer J’Tia who says she can build a shelter.  We're not going to be able to dig there and digging seems like the biggest  factor.  Why don't we move that over there?  She has decisiveness of a leader. She has the bossiness for sure, but she  doesn't exactly have it all here.  This ain't going to hold us up anyway. Look, it's-- &gt;&gt;al our weight.  We have, like, 500 pounds.  Yeah, we do, but bamboo is strong, and it's the whole structure part of it.  All right, I need split bamboo.  J’Tia I don't appreciate her attitude. I don't think anybody does. Makes her  uncomfortable.  She's quite bossy.  Very bossy.  But she doesn't want to do anything.  Yeah, so I would just let her do what she does, you know?  That's my plan.  J’Tia's taken charge of doing stuff but she doesn't do anything. She just  sort of barks orders to us. In my career, I have enough experience with  people who look like they can get things done but you put them at the plate,  put a bat if their hand, and all of a sudden they look like bugs bone, and  that's J’Tia.  This is not going to take long. Let's just go ahead and power it out. We need  to do it, let's just do this. Got to do this.  J’Tia is just too much. She's too much.  Let me check the balance.  Oh, my god!  Not very smart for the brain tribe. You guys ready to get to your first  immunity challenge?  Yeah.  Yes.  Yes.  Jeff: For today's challenge, you're going to maneuver a cart through an  obstacle course. At each tower, you'll retrieve a key, tiewz to uplock a  chest, put the chest on the cart, and continue on. Once you've collected all  three chests, you must disassemble your cart, slide it through a barricade,  put it back together and get to the finish where two people will use the  pieces inside the chest to solve a giant dragon puzzle. Want to know what  you're playing for.  Yes.  Absolutely!  Absolutely!  Jeff: Immunity. ( applause ) this is what you covet in this game. If you have  immunity, you cannot be voted out. First two tribes to finish win immunity,  are safe from tribal council. Losers, somebody will be the first person voted  out of "Survivor: Cagayan." that is a distinction nobody wants. In  addition, you're playing for reward. First tribe to finish, fire-making kit.  If you don't have fire, this will ensure you get it. You can't get fire with  this, it's on you. Second tribe to finish also gets fire in the form of  flint. A little more difficult, but this will get you there. Losers, nothing.  Give you a minute to strategize. We'll get started. All right, here we go.  For immunity and reward in the form of fire. Survivors ready? Go!  Get that barrel out.  Jeff: First immunity challenge people want to show the other tribes what's  going on. Spencer up for the brain tribe. Brice has the key for the beauty  tribe. Cliff has it for the brawn.  Here we go.  Jeff: Spencer has it for the brains. Once you have your key, unlock that  chest. Get it on your cart, get to moving.  The chain, the chain!  Jeff: Brain tribe working too quickly, getting caught up in the chains. All  three tribes have their first chest, moving on to the second chest.  Get that out of the way. Come back here. Come back.  Don't worry.  All right, we're good.  Jeff: Cliff has the second ripping for the brawn tribe. Brice has the second  key for the beauty tribe. Spencer has the second key for the brain tribe. J’Tia  working on the lock. Cliff has the third key for the brawn tribe. Brawn with  a big lead right now.  Uncothe chain.  Jeff: Brain tribe caught in the chains again. Beauty tribe has their second  chest. Brain tribe has their second chest. Brawn tribe has their third chest.  They are starting to take their cart apart. Beauty tribe has their third key.   Go, go.  Jeff: Brain tribe has their third key. Now you've got to get the cart through  the obstacle, and the people go over. Over.  Tack it apart! Take it apart.  Jeff: Beauties now taking their cart apart. Brains now taking their part  apart.  Somebody help me! Let's go! Over! Over!  Jeff: Brawn tribe working together very well. Thraef got their cart through,  now just working on the chest. The beauty tribe working together well. In  last place is the brain tribe, the smart group, taking the longest to figure  this out. Got to get everything through. Brawn tribe quickly working to get  their cart back affect. Beauty tribe now down to their last cart. Brain tribe  still with many pieces to get over. Disaster for the brain tribe. Puzzle  pieces falling out. Brawn tribe going through their last obstacle, logs to  get rid of, rocks to get out of the way. Brain still working on getting their  cart through, fall apart. Smartest tribe out here and another disaster.  Puzzle pieces all over the place. This is an absolute falling apart of one  tribe three days into ca "Survivor." while the brawn tribe is  already working on the puzzle, the beauty tribe is about to get there, the  brain tribe still working. Brawn tribe, already well into the puzzle. The  beauty tribe working on their puzzle.  Come on, guys!  Jeff: Brain tribe, whatever brains they had have clearly vmentd 72 hours into  this game. Unbelievable how far behind they are. Brawn tribe has finished the  first section of their puzzle. They're moving on to the second section.  Beauty tribe is working on the second section. Brain tribe may not even be  able to finish this puzzle, if they get a chance. One of the worst  performances out of the gate in the history of "Survivor." their  cart is falling apart.  Wire doing fine, guys.  Jeff: Brawn tribe doing a nice job. Lindsey and Sarah. LJ And Alexis working  for the beauty tribe.  No pressure, no pressure.  Jeff: The brain tribe just now getting to the end.  Go!  Jeff: It is neck and neck right now brawn and beauty.  There gu!  ( applause ).  Yeah!  Guys, this is going to be our best moment, let's go.  Jeff: If there was ever a time brains needed to use their brains, it is right  now in the puzzle portion.  Pound it a little bit!  Jeff: They mov need to move quickly. Beauty tribe finishes their second box  of puzzle pieces. The brawn tribe has finished their second sections. They're  working on their third crate of puzzle pieces.  There you go!  Jeff: You've got to pick it up. You've got to start double timing it. It has  been neck and neck, back and forth, between brawn and beauty. Beauty down to  four pieces. Brawn with six pieces. This is it. Beauty very close to closing  this first challenge out. Beauty down to two pieces.  You guys, you got three pieces, come on.  Jeff: Brawn very close to finishing. Down to one piece left for the beauty  tribe.  Come on!  Jeff: They've done it! Beauty, Solana tribe, wins immunity, and fire-making  kit! Brawn finishes. Brawn wibz immunity and fire in the form the flint.  Brain tribe nowhere close to finishing. Luzon will be the first tribe at  tribal council, will lose the first tribemember. Solana, congratulations.  Immunity is yours. ( applause ) no tribal council tonight. YapAparri,  congratulations, no tribal council tonight. Solana, grab your fire-making  kit. Congratulations. Aparri, fire in the form of flint. There you go, Tony.  Thank you, sir.  Jeff: Take your stuff, head back to camp. Enjoy the night off. Good luck  getting your fire going. All right, Luzon, somebody from your group will be  the first person voted out of "Survivor: Cagayan." grab your stuff,  head back to camp. I'll see you tonight at tribal. Instead of trying to go  over we should have everybody picked that up and walked.  We cannot underestimate --  the other tribes.  We can't keep saying stupid stuff like, "we're so much smarter than  them." they're kicking our ass.  At the challenge we sucked. I can't really blame any particular person. I think  it's everyone, and it's, like, we're book smart, but when it comes to playing  this game, we're dumb.  We performed exactly how we have been performing for three days-- no  execution.  We had not assigned tasks.  J’Tia took the first key.  I thought you were doing keys.  I was. She literally grabbed it out of the air.  But she didn't take the chains out.  I know--  whatever. I want to move past it but what I really want to talk about is J’Tia  versus garret. That was a physical challenge. And garret was not helping.  Personally, i'd like to get rid of garret because I view him as a bigger  threat to me than J’Tia. I’m thinking about day 39. And my biggest concern is  that I’m not exactly sure what put him on the brains tribe. He hasn't told  us. And that scares me really to my core.  Just think about it.  No, J’Tia. All the way.  All right. This time--  for harmony, tribe harmony. I just want to say J’Tia, see ya. Wouldn't want  to be you. David, he wants garret to go first, but that's ridiculous. He's  our strongest guy. Plus he's a work horse. But J’Tia, she has not been  pulling her weight. She's been doing a lot of direction, and no production.  And everyone sees it. She's dead weight. So let's just send her home.  This sucks. What do you think? Who do you want to vote out? Are you good as  long as it's not you.  Honestly, I’m leaning towards you. You haven't been pull your weight around  camp. You tell us a lot what to do, but I don't see you, you know, doing anything.   I think I more than pulled my weight in the challenge, though.  Well, you've been resting for three days. I mean, you--  are you more than welcome to your opinion.  Right.  I get it.  I mean, I’m an honest person.  I totally understand that.  That's how I am.  I appreciate that.  So it's time to scramble, probably.  I went up to Kass, and she was very honest. She said she doesn't think I work  around camp and that I’m going home. Kass kind of hurt my feelings a little  bit. I’m not lazy. We need a shelter, and if I didn't light a fire under the  tribe's butt we wouldn't have got it done. I felt like I was being  motivating. Clearly it, doesn't come off that way. I just hope I have not  ruined by chances. I might have.  What's up, girl?  I feel like I’m pretty much toast. I just talked to Kass. And she's leaning  towards voting me out.  She told you that?  Yeah.  Do you feel like I’m not doing enough around camp?  Honestly, there was one time you were sitting down and you're like,  "move that over there. Move that over there." and I think it may  have rubbed some prime the wrong way.  You guys okay?  Yeah, come sit.  I'm feeling a little apprehensive.  But the thing is, you're always scared, you know.  Yeah.  I'm scared. But as far as I’m concerned, you're fine. Look at me. Look at me.  I’m not lying to you. If you ask me, David is a strategic threat to all of  us, but we vote together. David's going to go home, and we're all going to  feel better, okay. J’Tia is definitely pretty paranoid right now, and for  what it's worth she has a pretty good reason. She's bossy. She doesn't get  along with everyone. I personally care less about that than others because as  far as I’m concerned, the biggest threat is David. He's very intelligent. I do  think he's a schemer, and he's already made it clear that he wants to get rid  of me, so David's going home tonight.  I may be bossy, but I am loyal.  You and me, we're good. Tashuyou and J’Tia good. I’m going to talk to Spencer,  so everything's good. It's not something that I’m absolutely set on, but I think  we should just put four votes on David.  Well, what I’m concerned about is you haven't heard anything about, like,  idol clues or anything have you?  Nothing.  Well, it just seems weird that there hasn't been anything to do with an idol  so far. I would think there would be a clue somewhere. I just think that  would be, like, a David if David found it.  Yeah. Have you noticed that with him, like sneaking off or anything like  that?  I mean, they both went off together alone, and he's pretty shifty, and I have  no idea what he has in his back pocket, so help.  Right.  I'm really concerned about voting out David. I know in the past there have  been clues and idols around camp.  And keep seeing David and Kass walk off and just warned around. So I’m a bit  worried that he could have found it. So I’m thinking since J’Tia is a pain in  the ass, let's vote her out, just to be safe. It just seems like a risk we  tonight need to take because that would suck if they played an idol and one  of us were out.  Spencer is paranoid about David having the idol which is ridiculous because I  have the idol. Of course I’m not going to tell him that, but now I feel  nervous about voting for David because it looks like I don't have four solid  votes for tonight.  The rain's coming, guys.  Yeah.  Without question, David is just a huge threat. And if people don't see that,  they're idiots. I don't know. I hope that Spencer and I stay strong together  but we'll see what happens. ( thunder )  jeff: Behind each of you is a torch. Go ahead and grab a torch, approach the  flame, dip it in and get fire. This is part ritual of tribal council because  in this game, fire represents your life. And when your fire's gone, so are  you. That's going to be the case for one of you tonight. What's going on?  Like a big spider. It's fine.  Jeff: You're telling me all you've been through these three days a spider?  It's, like, crawl on me.  Jeff: So let's talk about the first few days. J’Tia, you're already smiling.  Oh, I knew you were going to want to talk to me a lot, jeff.  Jeff: Why do you think I’m going toment to talk to you a lot?  Because some people are considering me for the vote tonight.  Jeff: And here we are off and running. So you think you're in trouble  tonight.  Oh, yeah, Kass told me she was thinking about me. She told me I wasn't  hispanic around camp. I didn't know I came across like that. I’m an engineer,  I came out. I thought I was going to hit it. I had a big plan for the  shelter, jeff, I gave up on the instructions. That's bossy as hell. I get it.  Nobody likes to be bossed around, and the shelter, literally, it fell on its  side.  Jeff: David what, has been it like for you regarding J’Tia?  She came out very strong. She said she was a nuclear physicist or nuclear  bomb builder or something that made me feel like, wow, let's listen to her.  And it was going well until it wasn't going well anymore.  Jeff: Yes, ytea.  I'm a nuclear engineer-- thanks, David-- I never said I built a shelter  before and I had a plan and I was very excited about it.  Jeff: J’Tia a moment ago you were the one saying I kind of blew it. The  minute David confirms that you said hang on.  No, my plan didn't work. I’m bummed about that. I’m doing what I can. I think  I’m a relationship person, if I’m talking too much, tell me to shut up. I’m always  open to suggestion. I want us to sick seed as a tribe.  Jeff: Let's talk about the early moments right out of the gate. David uhave  to choose the weakest person on this tribe and instantly you pick garret.  I realized that it was not the perfect position to be in and I decided to act  with haste and not dither around and that's what you have to do. You have to  step up because, listen. This is a game.  Jeff: So, garret, how did it feel for you to be one of the strongest guys out  here, and David, without hesitating goes, "garret, he's our  weakest?"  suction. It is never fun to be cast as the outsider. That happening three  minutes in was no fun.  Jeff: Is there any part of you,ing maybe I’m a standing target and I’m out of  this game?  No. I trust my team.  Jeff: David, is garret okay in his confidence?  Yes.  Jeff: He's not going anywhere?  Not tonight.  Jeff: So, J’Tia, now as we get closer to the vote. What if it's you? You're  the first out.  It would suck. I came out here to play and I feel like if you're talking  about getting further as the tribe, you can't think about the last two-third.  You have to think about the first third and getting there.  Jeff:let last two-third comment is going back to something David said at the  very beginning of the game when he said,"i'm already looking down to the  end."  yes, so, this is my tribe. These are my people and somebody got to go. I get  that.  Jeff: But you don't at the present time to be you.  No, not at all. Not at all.  Jeff: Then who?  David.  Jeff: David, she threw it right at you.  Yeah, I mean, that's when you're going to be voted out, that's what you do. I  mean, it's-- if you think you're going to be voted out, I should say.  Jeff: So, Spencer, clearly, big vote. ( thunder ) ( laughter ) the "Survivor"  god are speaking. Spencer.  Yeah, it's all about establishing how the tribe is going to go forward so we  have to go into it thinking who do we vote out so our tribe's going to get  along? It's tough, but at the end of the day, you have to kind of go with the  people you trust.  Jeff: All right, it is time to vote. Kass, you're up.  In the real world, I may hire you. But in this world, not tonight.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has the hidden immunity idol and  you want to play it, now wouldn't time to do so. All right, once the votes  are read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. ( thunder )  jeff: Once the votes are read the decision is final. The person voted out  will be asked to leave the tribal council area immediately. I'll read the  votes. First vote, J’Tia. David. J’Tia. David. We're tied. Two votes J’Tia,  two votes David. There's three votes David. Two votes J’Tia, one vote left.  First person voted out of "Survivor: Cagayan," David. You need to  bring me your torch. David, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Well,  hopefully tonight's vote will point this tribe in the direction it needs to  go because you've got to get it together quickly, and I don't just mean  shelter. Good news about tribal. You do get fire in the form of flint. Grab  your torches. Head back to camp. Good night.  I have no regrets. I played the way I thought I need to play to get forward  in the game. And the tribe just doesn't have it together. Or they have it  together just against me. But no hard feelings to any of them. I consider  myself pretty much the luckiest person in the world.  Anybody got any suggestions about this fire? Let's get the party started.  Last night, tribal was a lot of random arguing, but, you know, in the end,  the real point of tribal was to send David home and we were able to  successfully do that. But I’m not having fun playing "Survivor."  this isn't fun for me right now. I have to be honest. Manual labor isn't fun.  Starving isn't fun. Like, it's not like a cool adventure for me.  Just remember, it's all about oxygen, so when you build it, make sure to get  the air flow.  Separate it a little bit.  Yes.  When I’m playing poker I’m sit naig comfortable chair. Chick expep vegetables  are being brought to me right at the table. I want to play "Survivor"  to outplay and outwit people. I don't want to play "Survivor" to  survive in the wilderness. Let's say we have tribal again tonight. We go with  Kass right now. And we vote off one of the two girls, right?  Tribal went perfect.  Right.  Because she was fighting with Tasha. She already doesn't like J’Tia. So  tribal I think made us in a better position.  Kass was definitely blindsided by David going home last night. Spencer and I are  setting ourselves up if we do have to vote someone off we have options. J’Tia  and Tasha. But also if I feel like we can't really trust Kass, maybe we just  take her out. You know, I just like working with the two of you more, you  know, from the very beginning.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Tribal was interesting. A little blindside of David and me. But all I thought  was I’m number three for someone, and they know it.  I think we see that it makes sense for you to be with us and it definitely  makes sense for us to be with you.  The boys aren't goings to break up and the girls aren't going to break up. So  where does that leaf me? Swing vote.  I mean, for everything that's happened in the past, we have a solid final  three pact right now.  Yeah.  And we're good to go.  I'm good with that. I talked to Garrett and Spencer, but I’m not 100% with  them. And I’m going to work whatever angle. I have no allegiance right now.  Shake on it? Final three.  We can do our stupid handed shake. I don't care. It's game on, as long as  it's not me.  Go get them, faels.  All right, Woo.  Me and Woo we cooperate wait to take that boat out. We have been looking at  that boat for a few days now. Just itching at the bit to go out there and try  to do some fishing.  Look at these guys. They look like real islanders out there, don't they.  We'll see what they come back with.  How do-- how do we turn again?  Left to go right. You want to dock it over there?  Yeah, let's go see what's over there.  All right.  I like Woo. And you gotta have a wing ban. Batman already had robin. Jordan  had pippin. Cliff has Woo. Woo tang. So, you know, you just gotta take your  wing man and do what you gotta do to take care of business.  Uh-oh!  You all right? ( laughing )  everything was going well, but we lost the-- we lost the balance on the boat,  and all of a sudden --  will you do me a favor, help me tip this? It capsized, we got a little water  in it.  How you flipping this?  I figure might as well take advantage of the brawn that's on the beach and do  what we can to tip the water out.  It's coming out, guys.  How is that? Good.  No, there's still a bunch in there. Just hold it for a minute.  Cliff is a very likable guy. He's funny. He has a lot of charisma, and I would  say he's probably the most liked on our tribe right now. Yeah, you don't need  to go higher. Just hold it.  I'm looking at Cliff, I can't tell you for a fact what basketball team he was  on or what he did for a living or what he does for a living because I don't  really care.  Oh, my god. Were you scared?  No, it wasn't too bad.  And then we have lindzy and Sarah and Woo. Apparently they love him. They're,  like, fans of him.  I honestly love Cliff. I think he's fantastic. I really do.  This is a game. I understand how the game is played. I've just got to make  sure I’m aware of what's going on.  Our first mission-- fail.  Today is definitely beautiful on a beautiful tribe, but there's a lot of  people playing dumb out here, and I’m on to it. Alexis is just being the  flirt out here. Just kind of, like, you know, definitely all about her  sexuality and always in her panties, kind of like, "you want some  coconut water?" so I definitely see her game. Jefra, I don't know what  her game it.  Are you all urinating a lot. I know you're not pooping, but are you being?  Maybe once a day so that cannot be good for us.  All of her crayons on crayon box are not bright.  You look cute in your bowling socks.  I only see him as a friend in my eyes but he might see me as something more.  So I think if I needed to, I could definitely reel him in, and he would be  right there in my back pocket. I’m from, like, the silicon valley, so it's  all really tech and, like, engineers. Those nerd tribe would love where I live.   Jeremiah has been drooling over Morgan and me being the ultimate wing man, I can  facilitate for him to kind of get to work with Morgan and be around the hot  girl.  Does Jefra get on your nerves at all?  Heck, yeah.  I just sit here smiling.  I feel like we need to be, like the brains, the operation.  Yeah.  Uh-huh.  I mean, if y'all will trust me--  us country folk have to stick together. I think when my tribe first met me,  they kind of thought I would be the fourth girl on the tribe just laying out  all day. Don't judge a book by its cover. I’m playing the game.  Are any of those semidry, Trish? What about this guy?  There's plenty of Wood to be had if you want to go grab some, Lindsey.  There's plenty of Wood up there.  Is there, like, an issue? I feel like you're having an issue with me right  now.  No, I’m just saying we could have fire if-- we need to have fire for the next  39 days. We need as much Wood as we possibly can.  Why is it me, though? Why is it on me?  Well, we're all trying to chip in.  Exactly. So why am I not chipping in?  Leave her alone. Now tricia, she needs to chill out because I can't stand her  voice. I can't stand her attitude. I can't stand the fact that she's so  judgmental. Lindsey, I just wish we could just contribute like everybody  else. I just want you to contribute. That's all I’m saying. Oh, my gosh. I cannot  stand her.  What's up, Trish, you all right?  She's just sitting down there, kissing Cliff's ass.  Listen--  i think everybody is starting to see what I see, how Lindsey doesn't help out  at all, and how annoying she can be around camp. I’m from boston, mass. She  hasn't met me yet. Because if I really snapped on her, she'd still be crying.  Right now.  Lindsey's in love with Cliff because of I had basketball abilities and  whatever it is, and i've got your back, all right. I’m all you've got, and  you're all i've got. I trust Trish. She's a genuine person. She's out there  busting her ass, too, while everybody else is full of drama. You're a  sweetheart but you have to be strong out here.  I'm strong.  Don't let them weasel their way in your lady and tell you this is what's  going on. It's not. I'll tell you later what I’m work working on over there. Trish  and I are walking on eggshells with these people and that's where I came up  with the idea of spying on them. I act like I’m trying to protect them from  the rain and everything but i'lling about a spy shack. I’m trying to cover up  a cubbyhole in the corner and I’m going to run around the beach and crawl up  to here and listen to what they have to say and I’m going to hear everything.  So whatever useless Cliff tells weasel Woo, that's crucial information.  That's the key to this. It's not just small talk. It's going to be big talk.  That's what I’m looking for. My main target is Cliff, the lion, the pride. In  order to take over the pride, the other lion has to come in and kill that  one. And then he has to kill the cubs. I have more brain than brawn. Little  do they know.  Brawns and beauty, getting your first look at the new brain tribe. David  voted out at the first tribal council. You guys ready to get to today's  immunity challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: First things first, i'll take back the idols. Once again, immunity is  back up for grabs. For today's challenge, each tribe will swimute to a large  bamboo cage. Yool climb up and over the wall, jump into the water, where you  will find four large niche traps. You must then untie the cage door, push the  traps through, and bring them back to shore, where one tribe member will use  the pieces inside to solve a very complicated fish puzzle. Losers go to  tribal council, where somebody will be the second person voted out of "Survivor:  Cagayan." in addition you're playing for reward. Want to know what  you're playing for?  Yes!  Jeff: First tribe to finish wins a large fish kit, everything you need to get  a lot of fish. You have nets. You have worms. Lures. And if you have any luck  with the fish, a few things to help you cook it up-- a pan, some oil, some  salt and pepper. Second tribe to finish wins a slightly smaller fish reward.  Lures, weights, and fishing line. For the losers, nothing but a date at  tribal council with me where you will vote somebody out. Brawn, you have one  extra member, who are you going to sit out?  Are you cool?  Yeah I’m cool.  Cliff.  Jeff: Cliff going to sit this one outs. Beauty tribe you're sitting somebody  out, who is it going to be?  Brice.  Jeff: All right, Cliff and Brice, take a spot on the sit-up bench. Everybody  else, give you a minute to strategize. We'll get started. Here we go, for  immunity and reward. Survivors ready? Go! Everybody's swimming well together.  Everybody's got to get to the cage before you can start going over. J’Tia,  the slowest swimmer out here.  Good job, guys, good job.  Go, brawn! Go, beauty! Brain tribe still waiting on J’Tia. Go, brain!  Got it?  Jeff: Brawn is going to be the first tribe to get everybody over. They're all  in. Get down. Start working on that cage. Brains still struggling to get  over. Beauty has everybody in. Brain has everybody in. Now you've got to  start untying knots to release that front gate. All three tribes working  together well, taking turns going down.  Jeff: Brawn tribe has their gate released. Brain tribe has their gate  released. Now start swimming those fish traps out. They're heavy.  Beauty has their cage door open. Brain was the last tribe out, but they have  picked up some time. This is an exhausting challenge. A lot of weight in  those fish traps. It is not easy. Brains continue to work well together in  the water. Led by Garrett.  Let's go, we're winning!  Jeff: Great effort by the brain tribe, and a huge lead. Brain tribe is back  with all four of their fish traps. There you go! Start untying. The brawn has  lost a lot of momentum.  Hook it up on my foot.  Jeff: The beauty tribe has not made any progress.  What's the trick?  There is no trick.  Guys, we actually have a lead.  Come on, come on, come on.  Do not get confident!  Jeff: A huge time advantage for the brain tribe. Brawn tribe is now back with  all four fish traps.  Let's go, let's go!  Jeff: The beauties' ipability is giving the brawn a chance to stay in this. J’Tia  already working for the brain tribe. Brawn hustling to get these pieces out.  A lot of people bleeding. Sarah's fingers clipped pretty well. Tony's cut.  That's a big chunk of skin, man.  Jeff: This is "Survivor" welcome to the game. It is Sarah solving  the puzzle for the brawn tribe, which now has blood all over it, and J’Tia  solving the puzzle for the brain tribe. J’Tia still looking for that first  piece. Big advantage right now for brains and brawn because beauty is still in  the water.  Hold on. Soara with the first piece for the brawn tribe. J’Tia with her first  piece.  Let's go!  Jeff: Sarah with her second piece. Beauty tribe still working on get these  puzzle pieces back. Keep digging! You are still in this! Sarah with her third  piece. J’Tia still struggling. Sarah with her fourth piece. J’Tia with one.  Beauty tribe trying to get in this. Sarah with her fifth piece.  Stay focused. Don't get-- don't freak out.  Jeff: Sarah with her sixth piece. She has two pieces left. Brains still in  trouble. J’Tia with just one piece. Sarah with the seventh piece. One piece  left for the brawn tribe. Brawn tribe wins immunity and reward. ( cheers and  applause ). We're looking for one more tribe. You are still both there this. J’Tia  has had a lot of time in this puzzle, has only one piece to show for it. LJ  Has his first piece for the beauty tribe. LJ With his second piece. Beauty  tribe now in the lead, J’Tia starting to panic. You can see it in her face. LJ  With his third piece. LJ With the fourth piece for the beauty tribe. He's  starting to pull away now. You would think this is where the brain tribe  would do well.  They're still working on the puzzle?  Yeah, yeah.  I think I’m on the wrong tribe here.  Jeff: LJ With the fifth piece for the beauty tribe. J’Tia has her second  piece new.  Focus on one of those two.  Jeff: Beauty with their sixth piece. They have two pieces left J’Tia only  with two pieces completed. J’Tia can feel it coming. Beauty wins immunity and  reward. They're safe from tribal council council. For the second time in a  row, brains will vote somebody out. Brawn tribe, congratulations. No tribal  council for you tonight. Beauty tribe, I don't know how you pulled it out,  but did you.  LJ, it's all you.  Jeff: Immunity for the beauty tribe. J’Tia, your body language says it all.  What are you feeling right now? I feel like I let my tribe down. Usually I’m really  good at puzzles, and I failed.  Jeff: Reporter, brawn tribe, grab your huge fishing reward. Head back to camp.  Enjoy the night off. Beauty tribe, come get your fishing reward. Grab your  stuff. Head back to camp. Enjoy the night off. All right, brain tribe, for  the second time, tribal council where somebody will be voted out of this  game. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. I'll see you tonight at tribal.  Yeah! Victory is sweet.  She sealed the deal again.  Today we go to the immunity challenge and just sliced my finger right open. Tony  sliced his foot like a dumb ass. There was blood on the puzzle. That's the  brawn tribe for you. That's what we do, blood, sweat, and tears and we get  the job done.  Did you there, everyone.  Nice work. We prevailed. We won the fishing gear. We won the whole works. We  have olive oil. We have sea salt. It's a beautiful thing. This is good stuff.  The first thing that popped into my mind there has to be some kind of idol or  clue to an idol there that basket. I opened up the Wooden tackle box, and I see  a little piece of-- a little piece of paper in there. So when I went back  into the basket, I took it out and put it in my pocket, and this is what it  looks like. This is what it looks like. This is what it looks like. "the  ocean offers fish. Your well offers drink. Another body of water offers  protection, and protection is what I need right now. Tied to something solid  is the idol you want to get, very hidden but not too deep, and requires that  you get wet." I love it. And I know exactly where this thing is. It's in  the pond that we have behind camp, and there's a big, big monster log, and that's  solid. I love you. Love it. Come on, man. Oooh! Oh! Oh! It's over now, baby.  This is unreal, man. Come on, man. I went right into the lake, and finally I felt  a lump, and sure enough, there was an idol right there, and I found it. This  is huge. I needed this. Oh! Oh! Ooooooh! Oooooh! Ooooh! Oh! I don't need to  tell anybody about the idol. It's not going to benefit me in any way to tell  anybody about the idol. That will give them leverage to sneak attack me and I  don't want that. I'd rather sneak attack them. The idol, nobody will know  about that. I’m king of the jungle. King of the jungle. I’m king of the  jungle!  So we get back to camp, and given the fact that J’Tia totally screwed up the  whole challenge, it's clear tgermany's the best option to go home tonight.  What are you guys thinking we should do? Have, like, 100 side conversations  or should we try and figure out what to do as a group?  I don't want to have to actually play the idol at tribal, so I just decided  to try to get Kass to represent her loyalties in front of everyone to see  where she was at. Kass? You have any opinion?  I think J’Tia. I mean, she backstroked all the way back while we were pulling  the stuff. And then the puz puzzle. I mean, there wasn't one contribution to  the challenge in any aspect. I’m just being honest.  Spencer, what do you think?  I mean, yeah, it makes sense. Are we just, like, having an open forum right  now?  I think we should talk.  I think we should be open about it, yeah, as opposed to-  i mean, we do need to win. Garrett?  Yeah, I agree. Tasha?  Yeah, I still kind of just want to talk to people and-- just individually  because, you know, I don't know that we're being as candid as possible.  Look, my vote is to, like, not have side convos, honestly. That is what I would  prefer.  I absolutely love "Survivor" and now that I’m here it's frustrating  to play with people that don't want to play the game. You know, I looked  forward to scheming and backstabbing, but apparently, I’m being told no. It  saddens me.  Best case, I think, is the five of us sit here together until tribal. We eat  dinner--  i need to talk to you two. That's the only side conversation I need to have.  I don't know why we need to talk separately. It's all been-- it's all out in  the open.  This is "Survivor." like, you go talk.  I don't want to do that anymore. I don't--  then quit! Just-- this is-- I mean, it's-- this is, like, the least strategic  game I have ever played. I don't know why Garrett thinks he is the authority  at Luzon. He is the nothe leader at this tribe. He lays around all day,  pretty much watches everyone work. He's always hungry, and now he doesn't  even want to play the game. It's just-- it's silly. It's really silly. It's  really silly. This is "Survivor." if you didn't want to play the  game how it should be played, get-- get out of here! Get out of here "  of here.  So my tribe sat me down and told me, sit down right here. Well, we've been  reviewing your file, and we think you have to go. No, no, no I’m not-- i'll  just tell you from the whole company. Yeah, right. What in my personality  made you think that was going to work?  It's just not about today. It's about the next three days, and the--  the next three tase we're going to have a great camp and win a challenge.  You'll win all the challenges back to back and never have to go to tribal  council again.  Can't even strategize.  Like, the "Survivor" genius he is, Garrett decides to have an open  forum on what we're going to do later at tribal council. Garrett, you're an  idiot! What are you doing? You're a first-class, grade-a moron in "Survivor."  why would do you that? It would have been so easy to tell J’Tia what she  wants to hear, but now that Garrett put it out in the open we have to baby  sit these girls and make sure they go home.  Hey, if they don't want to scramble, I’m going to scramble and try to twist  this game up. You know, I’m not trying to go home next.  Think about it. It's one and two. Either I’m three or four or you're three or  four. I need to work my way to the top. Why can't I be top dog? I can make it  happen? I’m telling you, one and two. Today is the only day we have the  numbers. Kass. Think about it.  Hey, guys.  Hay, I don't want to leave J’Tia alone. God knows what she's doing there.  She pissed.  Somebody needs to watch her.  Who knows what shenan grans going on?  There are no shenanigans.  I don't mind fthat's what it has to come to, I’m down for it. I’m coming in  hot. It's going to be guns tblaizing. I’m coming in like a crazy person.  That's why they're guarding me. I’m like the mental patient. And they left  the mental patient alone and she went crazy! That's what happens when you  leave crazy people alone.  We don't have any water in any of the bottles?  Nothing.  Think about it.  Where did all that rice come from? Who poured rice on the fire?  I don't know.  The rice fairy?  I don't upon.  There's rice on the fire.  Hello!  Is that all the rice?  Who knows what she did.  It's all gone.  I cannot--  this rice is, like, almost all gone. J’Tia was somewhat subdued when we all  behind wnt down to the beach when was a mistake and then she dumped our rice  out and now we have no rice. I've had such a hard time out here already, it  just brings me to a new rock bottom. Look. Garrett. All of our rice.  I wanted us all to stay together up here!  How did we come up with the criteria for brains? I'd like to see that data.  Because, uh, ironically, I was going to approach J’Tia about turning this  around. But then I get back to camp, and she just poured all of our rice on  the fire. I can't align with someone like that.  Jeff: Tribal council number two. The looks on your faces right now. Spencer,  what happened?  After the challenge, we decide to have an open forum discussion of the  vote-out, which is usually not what you do in "Survivor."  jeff: So tell me about the discussion, Tasha.  You know, we were pretty cappedid about where we lost the challenge.  Jeff: And was that blame J’Tia.  Yeah, I suggested hey, Spencer, hey, Garrett, can we just go talk. But then Garrett  made the suggestions, no, let's all just talk right here.  Jeff: Garrett ywhy have this open discussion? What is the basis for that?  I wanted Kass ton we were anything to be work her, and I wanted her to say  that we were going to vote with J’Tia and we were with Kass and that would  calm her nerves.  I asked why Garrett got to call all the shots and I threw the rice in the  fire.  Jeff: Wow. All the rice?  Most of it.  Just about.  Like, literally, 98% of it.  Yeah, not my best moment. Not at all.  But, jeff, I can add, that's why I wanted to have the conversation privately.  She's volatile. I knew that we were heading down the wrong track with this  one.  Jeff: You guys are responsible for telling her she was going home. There's a  reason blindsides work. It's not because they're fun. It's because they're  effective.  The only thing going out and having more conversations about it does is put  our "Survivor" game at stake. I was never trying to mastermind  anything.  Basically, you put me over your knee and spanked my ass in front of everybody.   That's wildly untrue.  Okay.  At this point, she's going home, and she destroys 98% of our rice, and by  painting me in a negative light in front of my tribe mates is very unfair.  Jeff: Kass, where do you fall on this? You heard two sides now, J’Tia and Garrett?   Jeff, these people are all so paranoid. I was down at the water with Tasha  washing our feet after the challenge and gator was so paranoid he came down  to the water and then the rice got poured out.  That's not fair.  It's the rice and it's gone.  If you guys are going to have a talk right before tribal council, you can't  expect me to just sit there.  What was more important, 30 days' worth of rice or watching us wash our feet?   Jeff: Wow.  Jeff, I feel like my game is being stifled right now, literally stifled. How  can you play "Survivor" when you can't have conversations?  Tasha was utset today because J’Tia was her closest ally. It's really that  simple. You can ask the others in the alliance-- I’m sorry, in the tribe. So  we want J’Tia took. Of course that's going to upset her.  Jeff: Kass, you chuckled when he said "alliance" and fixed it by  saying "tribe."  because I’m not in the alliance.  You don't think you, Spencer, and I worked out an alliance on day four.  Oh, you're out.  Now I’m out.  Jeff: Wow.  So it is flexible. And Garrett decides who's in and out.  Jeff: So if I have it right, the way it sits now is it's Garrett, Kass, and Spencer  in an alliance. J’Tia and Tasha are in trouble. J’Tia is probably going home  tonight.  I don't see it that way at all.  Jeff: Isn't that what you just said?  If J’Tia goes home. We have four players, all of whom can be one strong team.   Jeff: Maybe I’m malnourished, Spencer, am I wrong?  You're not wrong, that's exactly what I said.  When Kass came to Spencer and I and said, "you're not going to be able  to break you want girls, and Spencer and I thought, okay, yeah, that makes  sense. We didn't know what we were going to do. But when J’Tia failed at the  puzzle in the challenge, the decision became clear what we should do.  Jeff: Now, Kass, Garrett has just said you went to him and Spencer and said  let's break you want women and form our own alliance true or false?  Garrett said that. That's not how it went down.  Jeff: How do you trust Garrett?  How do you trust anybody?  I'm out of the alliance, it's not true. We needed to split you up, Tasha,  that's all. The four of us are all equal.  Which four?  Jeff: Man, necessary nuts.  I have no idea what is about to happen but it's been very enlightening, and  it's been crazy. It is time to vote. Garrett, you're up.  The fact that you're a nuclear ?rnlg genuinely, genuinely scary.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. In anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay, once the votes are  read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote. J’Tia. Garrett.  One vote J’Tia, one vote Garrett. That's two votes J’Tia, one vote Garrett. Garrett.  We're tied. Two votes J’Tia, two votes Garrett, one vote left. Second person  voted out of "Survivor: Cagayan," Garrett. Garrett, the tribe has  spoken. Time for you to go.  Who wants to welcome me to the bottom?  It's not so bad.  Jeff: Well, this is the oddest tribe I have ever seen. If there's anything  good that came out of tonight's tribal, it's that it appears you're finally  learning how to play the game. Grab your torches, head back to camp. Good  night.  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor":  tonight selooking for an ally. While everyone else-- is just looking.  It's awful.  Jeff: To hang on.  I feel like i've been in a "Survivor" nightmare. Captioning brought  to you by Survivor productions, cbs, captioned by media access group at wgbh  access.wgbh.org I was so blindsided. I was so sure I knew what was going to  happen tonight. It's really embarrassing in a lot of different ways, really,  really embarrassing.