<br/>jeff: Previously on "Survivor": Ninth person voted out and the  third member of our jury, LJ When Tony blindsided LJ, he also blindsided his  own alliance.  Feel like on the bottom.  You don't want to be anybody's goal goet. You're a free vote now.  After betraying his alliance, Tony needed a backip plan.  My god!  Jeff: And he found one in the form of an idol different powers.  After you see the vote you can use it? Everybody's eyes will be bing!  Jeff: But Jefra had a plan of her own.  They pulled a big move and I wasn't told about it.  Jeff: To align with the minority alliance and take out Tony.  Final four?  Final four.  Back at camp, toned attempted to regain the trust of his alliance. And at  tribal council--  you can steel stael as many clues as you want, Woo, I have the real thing.  Jeff: Spencer played his idol, Jefra got cold feet, and the alliance of five  stayed together Jeremiah you need to bring me your torch. Leaving Spencer and  Tasha on the bottom once again. Jeremiah, the tribe has spoken.  Good luck.  See you.  Jeff: Seven are left, who will be vote out tonight.  Before tribal, I thought testify a good idea to switch over and join Jeremiah,  Tasha, and Spencer because i've been wanting to turn on Tony, but I’m in this  alliance, and I’m trying to look at the bigger picture, and I felt like it  would probably purt me worse to go against tawive or spenter at the end of  this game.  I found it the same day Woo stole the clue.  I knew you had it by how you were acting. You're usually much meaner to me.  Oh, okay.  I had this feeling I that Spencer had the idol and like a typical 20-year-old  male he was not going to give that thing up. What is the most selfib beast on  the planet? A college-aged male.  We were going to vote for you and we were like, you know what--  he's too calm. He's not how he is. I've seen you when you think you're  getting voted out too many timeses.  I'm impressed that that's actually true. I used the idol, and I used it  wrong. So now my idol's gone. My main alliance is gone, and Tasha and I are  an army of two up against this goliath army of five. But the fact is that Tasha  and I are still here. Tonight we lost the battle. We have not lost the war.  I love it when a plan comes together.  That's what I was thinking.  Tree mail.  Whooo!  Congratulations, celebrate with a feast.  Ah!  What is it?  Ah, Trish, will you lift up my shirt real quick? When they came with the tree  mail Woo said my back is really bothering me and I said oh, my gosh, are you  okay? And I almost wet my pant when I saw the wallets of money and I knew it  was the auction and I was really excited because I knew I would get something  to eat. And that's all I wanted was something to eat besides rice.  You've seen it before and now you're actually in it. If there's something  you've been craving you better be quick to win it.  Food!  Pizza! Burgers!  Historically, in the game of "Survivor," every time there's an  auction, there's always some kind of advantage to a challenge. The second I hear  jeff say, "a bet--" $500. I want that advantage, and I don't want Spencer  or tash to have it.  Awesome.  Cheers to the auction.  Cheers!  Right now, it's me or Tasha going home so me and Tasha have to be aggressive  in this auction because this is our life right now. * *  jeff: Come on in, guys! Welcome to the "Survivor "auction.  Yeah!  Whoo!  Jeff: You each have $500. Bidding is in $20 increments. You cannot share  money. You cannot share food. The auction will end without warning, so if you  see something you like, bid on it. Shall we get started?  Yes!  Jeff: First item, i'll uncover it. Popcorn, candy, and a soft drink.  $40.  Jeff: $40 to Kass.  $60.  Jeff: 60 to Jefra.  80.  Jeff: 80 to Trish. Going once. Going twice. Sold to Trish for 80 bucks.  Nice, Trish.  Whooo-hooo!  Jeff: Take a bite right here. Let me see you sample that.  Oh! This is a gummy.  Oh, man! Oh!  It's so good.  Jeff: Enjoy.  Thank you.  Well done.  You got a good deal there.  Sorry, buddy. I know that's your favorite.  Jeff: All right, next item.  Uh-oh.  That's staition covered.  Jeff: Next item will remain covered.  60.  80.  Jeff: Eight tow Tasha.  100.  Jeff: 100 to Jefra. Going once, going twice. Sold to Jefra for 100 bucks.  Come on up. $100, please.  There you go, sir?  Jeff: $100 buys you?  Probably a pig brain or something.  Jeff: No.  Quauk moleo! That's what is i've been praying for today.  Jeff: Some salsa and what goes better with it? Than a margarita.  Pleasure doing business with you, sir.  Oh!  Damn! That looks good.  Sorry, guys.  Get a fat dip of that guac.  Jeff: Next item will remain covered.  20 bucks.  Jeff: 20 to Kass. Nobody bidding against Kass at $20. Sold to Kass for 20  bucks. Can't hardly lose. Before I show you what you have.  Okay.  Jeff: This is what you just bought.  Uh-oh. Here we go. Now it gets interesting.  Jeff: If you want, you can trade it for this.  Oh I’m taking the big one.  I like blue more than red, so I think i'll go with blue.  Jeff: All right, I’m not going to show you what you gave up, but I am going  to show you what you bought for $20.  Oh, my.  Jeff: Steak sandwich and iced tea. You have to take a bite of this.  Oh, my gosh, jeff.  Oh, my gosh!  Mmm!  I would have devoured that right there. My stomach is starting to tie up in  knots. -- i-- I didn't know if I could hold out on the temptation.  So good.  Jeff: Take it back.  Look at that.  I felt shaky. I felt light-headed. And I just had to hold off. I wasn't  walking out thereof without an advantage.  I wish I could share. Can I share it?  Jeff: It's so good you can't. That way you can say you want to. All right, Kass  didn't want this item. Might as well put this one up for bid.  40.  Jeff: 40 to Woo. Woo finely in on the auction. You passed up a lot of food.  60.  Jeff: 60 to Trish.  I'm out.  What are you guys waiting for?  Jeff: Going once, twice, sold to Trish for 60 bucks. $60. Bought you this.  Oh! Gross!  What is it?  Rice! I can still bid. I have more money. You guys, what are you waiting for?  Start spending your money you keepo depos. You want to eat or what?  Jeff: Next item. I’m going to show you this one because it's pretty  beautiful. Massive ribs.  Oh, my gosh!  Jeff: And a cold beer.  40.  Jeff: 40 to Woo. Still no movement from Tony, no bid from Spencer. No  interest from Tasha. I’m amazed. 40 bucks going once. Twice. Sold to Woo.  Maybe the biggest bargain ever at a "Survivor" auction.  Good job, Woo. Because there are so few people actually vying for the food,  this auction was a buyers' market. Great deals. All of this food for so  little money, and I can't even watch.  40. Thank you.  Jeff: What are you anticipating? What's the taste? That tangy barbecue sauce,  that's chewiness of the meat. This is-- just immacalate, all in my mouth.  Jeff: Go for it. Tender slathered in barbecue sauce.  Easy, Woo.  Jeff: That's how you do it!  Yeah!  Woo is going to get Woozy.  Way to go, Woo.  Oh, my gosh tlooked smaller when it was up there.  Jeff: So clearly, something is up. I’m showing you the items. They're  beautiful items. You haven't had food in a month. What's going on, Tony? What  is it you guys want?  I'm hoping for an advantage. That would probably be my only chance to beat  some of these challenge beasts, jeff.  Jeff: Spencer, what are you waiting on?  I can use the same thing as Tony.  Jeff: Tasha?  Jeff: Maybe an advantage as well.  Jeff: So we have three people looking for an advantage right now. Shall we  just get to it? All right, next item per your request is an advantage in this  game.  500.  Jeff: Hold on. Here's how the bidding works. If the bidding reaches the  maximum of $500, then anybody who wants in on the action can get in at $500.  Here's the caveat-- if there's more than one person at $500, you're not  bidding on the advantage. You're bidding on a chance to draw rocks to get the  advantage. This is what you wanted, time to put up or shut up.  500.  500.  Jeff: Tasha? You're out? You waited all this time for an advantage and now  you don't want in.  Yeah, jeff.  Jeff: All right. All right. Spencer and Tony, come on up.  Best of luck, sir.  And to you, my friend.  Jeff: 500 from Tony. And everything from Spencer. So you guys were never  going to bid on food.  No.  Jeff: All right. There are two rocks in here. One is black, one is white.  Black gets you the advantage. All right? Do not look at it. Keep it covered.  Okay, don't look. Both put your palms out. 3, 2, 1. Black is the advantage. Tony  draws black.  Whooo! $500 gets you this, an advantage in the game. $500 gets you a white  rock which you can keep.  Thank you.  Whooo!  Way to go, tone.  Jeff: That is it for the "Survivor" auction.  Oh, man.  I was hoping that jeff would offer one more item and that would be a clue to  the hidden immunity idol. But, unfortunately, I left with nothing. So in  order for me to stay here, I have to win immunity.  Holy crap! I was almost puking just watching.  I think that was one of the best deals i've seen at an auction.  But you see this right here? It's like a catch-22. We're starving so we don't  have the energy. Even if we have the advantage, someone like Woo who just ate  those ribs, you know what I mean? You who lost the drawing of rocks, starving  and no advantage.  @the one who got screwed.  It's just tough man.  We knew what we signed up for.  It's tough, it's tough.  I needed an advantage in the game. Right now my head is at the top of the  list on the chopping block. It was devastating. I draw the rock, I open my  hand, and the rock is white. You know, I just have a white rock. I have a new  title-- I’m the greatest loser at the auction in "Survivor"  history.  Here's my rock.  I was planning on holding out but when everybody was holding and-- I was like  20 bucks, fine. I had no guilt that Tony was the martyr for the team. I think  i've done enough so I felt glad. Here I am eating a giant meal, and I got to  see Spencer have the true dejected look that I have come to know and love and  expect from him when he knows he's on the block.  Here, take a nap.  I just feel so full, like, miserable.  There are five people in my alliance. All of them were eating. I sacrificed  all that food. I’m stashing so I felt kind of disgusted, you know. Why put  all that weight on my shoulder? Does somebody want to watch the fire or  somebody want to get the water. Guys?  Was it chicken quesadilla.  Chicken and cheese.  There was chicken in there.  Yeah.  Excuse me, ladies? Does somebody want to watch the fire while I get water, or  does somebody want to get the water while I do the fire.  Get the water for you.  Not for me. The girls don't do anything. You guys wanted to eat. I starved.  This is what I sacrificed not eating for right here. So as my alliance is all  talking about how good they feel that they ate this, they ate that, I said  guys i'll be right back. Please be something good. "at the end of your  beach, before the rocks meet the sand, is where another idol can be found.  Hidden behind the bushes, guarded by a big, white tree. It's just a few  inches under the ground." oh, my goodness, man! Wow! I open up my tube  they won at the auction today, and lo and behold, it's not an advantage in  the next immunity challenge. It's a clue to a hidden immunity idol. "at  the end of your beach, guarded by a big, white tree." this ain't a big,  white tree. Might as well start digging. As it stands right now, I have a  special power idol, and now I have the possibility of finding another idol  that I can just do whatever I want with it. If I can find it, I don't have to  worry about nothing. Once I have this bad boy, I’m in power. What's big?  What's big?  I love the ocean.  Me, too.  You don't have it.  I don't have it. And this is the first time i've really been in it.  You're kidding.  I've been on vacation but i've been really leery. If the group of five stick  together the people on the chopping block are Spencer and myself, so I want Tony  to know that there is a possibility that we could form an all-girl alliance  and take him out. I want Tony to see me talking to them.  I just can't believe we're down to 10 more days.  Tony is a loose cannon. All you need to do is light a little fire and he  basically will spark.  Tony, you're so thin.  I know.  This thing is, like, struggling.  This will get it started. They've been in that water long. Tash got her own  plabs, I see.  What?  She's working all the girls. You don't see how she's sitting with them. She's  best friend now with all the girls.  I'm telling you, since day one, she is a social player. You're not worried  about 32 girl thing actually working, are you?  I don't know, bro. I don't think so.  You know we weren't lying when we said Jefra was with us. Her saying she  wanted to vote you out wasn't a lie.  When did she want to vote me out.  Two days ago. She said we're trying to figure out our best option right now  but we're seriously considering trying to blindside Tony. Jefra said 100%,  she promises, she wants to blindside you.  Wow.  I'm trying to plant seeds that will fester and make this alliance split. And  so, it might mean creating some fake paranoia about an all-girls' alliance,  even if it's not happening at all. It's very powerful in this game right now.  She also told Tasha if things don't work out this tribal council, I’m going  to be looking to make a big move. So I don't know, I’m just saying. If I can  make Tony paranoid, that's gold. Because Tony's crazy. Tony is willing to  play hard but not always well. And that's great in this game because if I can  get someone in power to make mistakes and go pliftic, then, I’m still here  and anyone could go going home at that point.  She also said 100% that she could swing Trish to vote against you. And then  she flipped back the next day.  I hate people like that. When Spencer told me the girls could be in cahoots  with each other and they want to oust the guys, I was thinking, you know  what? Hold up. Don't trust Spencer just yet because he's desperate but you  have to look into it. I'll definitely keep that in mind. I’m not going to  open up and spill beans and make any commotion out here. Then I said to  myself, you know what? It makes so much sense. They're going to say the guys  are a threat and let's get rid of them one by one and they can do it. We have  four girls and three guys. Of course, it carries weight, man. Are you kidding  me? Do you think I’m going to sit on my ass and get blindsided. All the tale  tale signs are there. Ill take mattets into my own hands like I usually do.  He's an awfully nice kid.  He's so-- I mean, it's spence. I love him.  He's going to be great in life.  He said so skinny. He really needs to put some weight on.  I'm feeling good about our five, but I just kick back and relax and it's nice  to know we're going to have a nonadversarial day, because no matter who wins  immunity, we can get rid of Tasha or spence. You can see the light at the end  of the tunnel.  Adios, spence.  Adios.  Let's get that crab out of there, man. It's probably dead already.  Is it dead?  Yeah, bro. Let's get that out.  Hey, guys, what do you want me to do with the crab? It's dead. It-- it's okay  that it's dead in this heat?  Put it in some water.  There's no water boiling. We're trying to get fireWood.  You need to cook it pretty soon, though, because otherwise it will go bad.  There's no need to waste food.  Get your ass up here and cook it, then. You hear that? The water playing,  barking orders. We need to cook it soon or it will go bad. So get your ass up  here and cook it and boil water. Unreal. After finding all that out with Spencer,  I said it's four girls and three guys, they might be up to something. They  might want to make a power move. I said you know what? I’m going to get that  idol right now. That's priority number one. "at the end of the beach  before the rocks, guarded by a big, white tree." that's a big white tree  right there. Now this is a big, white tree. This is a big, white tree right  here. Wow. "hidden behind the bushes." here goes nothing. And here  it is. I've been looking for this, for so long now. Come to papa! I love you  so much. That's what i've been looking for. That's the third idol that I found  this game. Right now, I currently have two idols in my possession. One  special one, and one idol that I could just play around with. I could use it  for me. I could give it to somebody to blind somebody else. I feel like I’m on  top of the world, on top of this game.  Nice. Is it the secret one?  No. That's what the advantage was. Much better advantage in the game, right?  Was it worth me starving.  Yeah, bro.  Look at this big boy, man. It's for anybody. I decided I was going to show me  my alliance that idol. I showed each one. I said I have the idol. We're  protected. This is better than an advantage in the immunity. What I really  wanted to tell them is I’m protected so don't even think about voting for me.  That's the real deal. It's still four girls, and I made a conscious effort to  try to scare them a little bit just in case they're even thinking of plotting  to vote against me, they know I have an idol.  I've never spent $500 and been so happy.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yup.  Jeff: First things first, Tasha, once again, I will take it back.  You might have to fight me for it, jeff.  Jeff: Just win it again.  All right, sounds good.  Jeff: Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge,  you're going to race to dig up bags in the sand. Once you've collected all  five bags, you'll release the balls inside and maneuver them through a table  maze. The first person to get all five balls into the maze winds immunity.  Safe from the vote. Guaranteed a one in six shot at winning this game.  Losers, tribal council where somebody will be voted out. We'll draw for spots  and get started. Here we go. For immunity. Survivors ready? Go! First stage,  dig and find the beginning of the rope and your first bag. Once you have it,  make like a opher, just start pulling it up up. Woo has his first. Tony has  his. Tasha has hers. Spencer has his. Everybody flying through this course. Jefra  has hers. Some of these will come up quickly. Some you may have to dig a  little deeper. Kass still digging. Trish still digging. Once you reach the  end, start untying the bag and pulling those balls out. Tony has all five.  Start untying. Woo has all five. Tasha has all five. Kass now pulling. Trish  still looking. Cannot find the rope. Spencer still working on that fifth bag.  Now he's got it. Trish has her rope now. She's in it. Spencer, Woo, Tony, Tasha,  all untying their bags, releasing those balls. You gotta get the balls out of  the bags before you move to the maze. Jefra has her fig bag. Start untying. Tasha  has all five balls. She will be the first to the maze. Tasha has won two  individual immunities. Would love to have a third. If it falls off, bring it  back and go again. Kass has all five. She'll start untying. Jefra has all  five. She'll start untying. Trish has all five, she will start untying.  Everyone is trying to catch Tasha. Tash, like she's done this before, lands  her first ball on the maze. And is close to landing her second. Tash lands  her second. She is two for two. Tony now on the maze. He's got all five  balls. Spencer now on the maze with his balls. Woo has all five balls. He's  on the maze now. Tony goes crazy and knocks his ball offs over-the-place. It  is sults. It takes touch, finesse, to work this maze. Tasha so close to that  third ball but it falls out, opening the door for the rest of tribe. Woo  lands his first ball. Tony land his first ball. Tasha in the lead with two. Jefra  now in on the action. She's got all five balls. Tasha lands her third. Tasha  now in the lead with three, and only two left. Woo has his second. Spencer  lands his first. Woo has his third. We are tied. Oo with three, Tasha with  three three. Spencer falling behind. Tasha very close to her fourth. Can she  maneuver it around the other balls into that outside hole? Tasha lands her  fourth. Tasha has one left. Jefra, Trish, and Kass falling out of it. You  guys need to pick it up. It is Tasha with four. Woo with three. Woo with his  fourth ball. He's got one left. Tasha now with her fifth ball, very close.  She's at the very end. Can she do it? Woo very close. Who's it going to be?  And she does. Tasha wins immunity! Safe tonight at tribal council.  Thank you, jesus.  Jeff: Tasha, come on over. ( applause ) once again! Immunity is yours. Tasha,  safe tonight at tribal council, cannot be voted out of this game. After 30  days, somebody going home tonight. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. I'll  see you tonight at tribal council. Congrats.  Thank you, jeff. Congratulations again.  You're amazing. That was awesome.  Oh, thank you, guys.  Tasha is an animal.  For the third time in a row, Tasha has immunity. To have immunity means  everything at this point in the game. Every day, people are reconsidering  alliances, breaking alliances, so the plan all the way up to tribal council  is to continue to talk to the girls-- and have Tony be suspicious of the  girls. If he's freaking out that they'll flip, you know, either way, it works  for me, and possibly for Spencer as well.  No bueno, my friend.  No, it wasn't what we were looking for.  Yeah.  I wouldn't be too concerned. These challenges just went her way, you know  what I mean?  Yeah.  They both have to go, so--  right. Spencer goes tonight, and she'll go next.  Yeah.  Where is everyone?  They went to get water.  Spence?  We were just talking about that. Yeah. Of course.  What's that?  Tonight, at tribal council, if tash didn't win that necklace, she was going  home.  Obviously, we know it's spence.  Yeah.  So now we have to result to plan b, which is Spencer.  I can join you guys?  Sure.  This is the worst-case scenario for me. Tasha is still here. It's still four  girls. With spence gone it's two guys now. It's very easy to see it's four  against two. They could pick us off one by one. I have to turn on one of the  females in my alliance and that's Jefra. She was willing to on me. She was  willing to turn on all of us. It's once again time to change the game. What's  up, Woo? You want to pull a fast one tonight?  And do what?  Get rid of Jefra.  And keep Spencer and tash.  Keep Spencer and tash. Because she has immunity. If we get rid of Spencer  tonight, you and I are done.  Right, right.  Why?  The girl-guy ratio.  4-2. We have to get ridave girl tonight. What I have to do is grab Spencer  and say you want to stay? Does tashment you to stay, vote Jefra.  Tony is a brilliant player. Nine times out of 10 we're clicking on the same  level. We looked at each other and knew what the game plan was. We can't get  rid of Spencer.  We have to look ahead, man.  Absolutely.  We could easily vote Spencer off tonight, and we're done. Here's the problem,  I won't be able to tell Trish or Kass that I’m planning that, so we're  obviously going to need Spencer and Tasha in this. It's time for me to be a  hero and try to save you because I do not want to see you go before Jefra. I’m  willing to work with you to get rid of Jefra. But this is the only way it's  going to happen. People are going to hate me, man, because I’m not going to  tell Trish. I’m going to tell Kass.  You're going to tell you, tash--  not tash. You're going to have to tell tash.  The things i've said to Tony have had an effect and this paranoia about an  all-girls alliance is perfect. Tasha is telling me she wants to do anything  to help me stay. She's my alliance. She's my friend. I know Tasha is willing  to do something that will keep me in the game. You ready for "Survivor"  miracle part two?  Yes.  Okay.  Spence, tell me something good.  Jefra. Okay. Tony and Woo don't trust her, and they don't trust the girls.  And they want to vote out Jefra. And they need us.  What the hell did you do? For two or three more days i'll vote for Jefra.  To feel just about hopeless and then be given a golden ticket to new life in  the game is incredible.  She's in.  Okay, beautiful.  Things might be looking up right now. But I don't trust Tony all that much.  And if this plan fails, I’m out of the game. So this new idol with  potentially more powerful powers could really help me out.  Where's Spencer? Don't tell me he's searching. Hey, Woo, where did Spencer  go?  He's actually looking for that idol, and that to me is scary. It's alarming  that Spencer was doing that when I was trying to come up with a plan to save  him. So I’m going through my mind is voting off Jefra a good idea? Is it good  for my alliance? Is it good for my game, or is it better just to get rid of a  threat like Spencer because Jefra is really not a threat. Spencer is lethal  out here. You've seen what he's done.  Everyone is so quiet.  When the sun starts to go down, it's time.  I don't know what to do at this point. I would say I’m driving myself crazy  but I don't think it's me driving myself crazy. I think it's the game that's  driving me crazy. Yo, Woo. There's going to be chaos tonight, my friend.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Sarah. Morgan. LJ And Jeremiah,  voted out at the last tribal council. So, Spencer, we go into today's  immunity challenge with you and Tasha feeling the pressure of needing to win.   Right.  Jeff: Tasha gets her third individual immunity win. You are at tribal council  empty-handed.  Yes, one would think that I am in trouble, based on this information. I played  my idol last time. So I am pretty helpless.  Jeff: Tony, what was the vibe at camp after the challenge?  Phew! Jeff, it was chaotic. Spencer came up to me and tried to convince me  that my alliance members wanted to flip on me and blindside me, more  specifically, Jefra. So, you know, what? I’m not the one to get blindsided  tonight, jeff.  I was upset about about the LJ Situation. I was really upset. It. And I would  be lying if I sat here and said I wasn't.  What Jefra had to come to terms with was getting over the anger of the being  left out.  Jeff, you don't go advertise a blindside. That's what you do. You're supposed  to withhold it from people you think might blow your cover. That's what you  do.  Jeff: Tony, are you surprised that this group is able to keep it together  given how much clear dissension there really is in the group.  That's all they have, jeff, is the belief that we'll stay together and move  forward. We have two more votes, hopefully, and we'll be top five.  Jeff: Spencer, if there's one thing that plays to your advantage, it is  this-- chaos.  Chaos is it great. Right now, I’m clearly the target. So if I can mix things  up, chaos can only help me.  Jeff: Does it concern you, Kass, that the weight of what appears to be a  healthy, dysfunctional family can shift to where the disfirchgz wins out and  someone like Trish or Jefra or Woo or Tony make a mistake?  There could be a mistake made tonight. I mean, people's heads are spinning.  There's paranoia everywhere.  Jeff: Jefra, you're just nodding-- this is true, this is true.  It's that times 10, jeff. I mean, of course, when you're on the bottom,  you're going to try and stir up as much as you can northbound to get us to  break apart in hopes to do something for them.  Jeff: So Spencer fit is indeed you tonight, nobody can accuse you of not  making big moves. So how does this game end for you?  I think I played well, and I think I played hard. And I can go home happy  with that. At the same time, windows of opportunity come up and close in this  game, and some could be closing right now. If you pick me off and then pick  off Tasha and get fourth or fifth place, you made a mistake tonight by not  making a move. The most common reason people lose this game is not making the  move that they should have when they could have because they got too  comfortable. And I hope that doesn't happen to someone this game.  Jeff: And with that, it is time to vote. Kass, you're up.  I already saved you once. I’m not doing it again.  The moral of the story-- actually play the game before you get played.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and want  to play it, now would be the time t to do so. Okay, once the votes are read,  the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal  council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Spencer. Jefra. Spencer.  Jefra. We're tied, two votes Jefra, two votes Spencer. Spencer. That's three  votes Spencer, two votes Jefra. Jefra. We're tied. Three votes Spencer, three  votes Jefra, one vote left. 11th person voted out and the fifth member of our  jury, Jefra.  Good job, guys.  Jeff: Jefra, the tribe has spoken.  Good luck, guys. It's been fun.  Jeff: Once again, your reactions say it all. Another blindside. If there were  any doubts that this is an individual game, those should be put to rest  tonight. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night.  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor":  don't tell me what I said.  Jeff: Everyone is tired of Tony's antics.  I think I will write your name down.  You write my name down and you're going home.  He's an idiot.  Jeff: Even his closest allies.  At this point in the game, if I have to make a big move, i'll definitely do  it.  Clearly, somebody in the five alliance flipped on me. I suspect Woo and Tony  because if Tony wanted to get me out, then Woo went right along with it. So  they fooled me, and wished I would have jumped ship at tribal sooner than I had  the chance. But I’m not a person who lives with regrets so this is how the  played the game and this is how I have to go out.