<br/>jeff: Previously on "Survivor": Ninth person voted out and the  third member of our jury. In order to get rid of LJ, tone heto blindside his  own alliance.  Now, me, Trish, and Kass, talk about feeling on the bottom.  Jeff: At the next tribal council-- Jeremiah the tribe has spoken it's  alliance of five regrouped to take out Jeremiah, leaving Tasha and Spencer on  the bottom.  Tasha and I are up against this goliath army of five.  Jeff: Back at camp, Tony dug up his second hidden immunity idol.  I currently have two idols.  Jeff: While Spencer dug up a plan to trick Tony and save himself.  Jefra saying she wanted to vote you out, that wasn't a lie. If you can make Tony  paranoid about an all-girls' alliance, that's gold.  Jeff: And it worked.  We getta get rid of a girl tonight.  Jeff: Tony pulled in Woo.  Spencer pulled in Tasha.  Jeff: And together they pulled off another blindside. Jefra. Leaving Tony's  alliance in the dark once again. Jefra, the tribe has spoken superpower six  are left. Who will be voted out tonight?  That was intense.  The pattern concerns.  I'm pissed off. Another blindside. Jefra taken out for crossing the don--  aka, Tony, our mafia king. Anyone who crosses Tony gets their cement shoes  and thrown in the pond.  Do you and Trish want an explanation for why?  No, totally understand why?  Why did I do it?  Because she was going to blindside and you us--  i'm glad newer not a Jefra and I need to sit there for five hours.  I feel like they didn't learn the lesson from when I flipped from my other  alliance which is don't leave someone else. Fool me once, shame on you. Fool  me trice, shame on me. I don't like being the one slack-jawed at tribal  council, and that's now happened twice. I knew jeff rafs going to be on the  outs and I know what a hot head you are if someone does that.  It wasn't a hot head. She wanted to blindside me. I would have been home had  she went with Spencer and them.  So does Tasha and Spencer want to get rid of you, openly.  I know that. They never promised on their mothers, on their fathers they're  going to stay with me. When I make a promise like that to somebody I keep it  until they try to stab me in the back first.  Tony, I know you're feeling proud of yourself right now, but you don't have  to act like that.  Another Kass.  You know what? You're getting really old here, Tony. The way you talk to  people. I mean, you're talking to people so condescending.  I'm not trying to be condescending because there's no way--  right now, Tony.  Yeah.  You're kind of being a jerk.  Okay, Kass. I don't know how.  I wonder with Tony for the last blindside of Jefra and it really was a  one-time deal but now the dynamic has changed. Now we have Kass and Tony  fighting like cats and dogs and that's great for Tasha and i.  I'm sorry if you felt I was being condescending because that was far from my  intention so I apologize.  Good for you. What the hell am I thinking sticking with this person? It's  stupid. Play your game.  And will play my game because I’m done with him.  Yeah, three different occasions.  Just shadowing you one day would be intense.  How many times do you get legitimately nervous jai never get nervous.  Never?  They shot at me. But you don't get nervous. It's fun. It's adrenaline, man.  You're screwed up. I’m getting to know Tony more and I like him, but I still  think Tony is lying to everyone all the time out here. And he's good at it.  Going forward, it's tough to work with him because he's sly. He's playing  harder than anyone. And he's very, very dangerous. So I usually sleep this  le?  Yeah.  Wow.  I'm surprised at Kass. Kass is usually up.  Not getting up and laying in bed is pretty smart.  Uh-huh.  Shows me what tone sereally thinking about me.  Your skill as a cop come in handy. &gt;&gt;, of course. Deception, man. Everybody  you deal with is trying to deceive you.  Trish ryou weak? Have you been listening to the boys?  And we have a good slogan, believe nothing you hear and only half of what you  see.  He's over there contingent the boys that I’m a bitch.  Did he say you're a bitch?  Yeah and that he would get me out.  Does he not know you are right here?  He thought she was asleep.  Apparently he's getting worse every day. I didn't feel like getting up today  so I decided to just lay there and listen and I heard my name out of tone's  mouth. And I heard Tony say, "Kass is such a bitch, did you hear her  last night?" he made me hate him more.  Kass, you didn't wake up this morning.  I did, I heard everything you said about me.  Are you kidding me?  I'm not kidding you. I heard everything you said about me. You and I both  know what I exphrd so does spence and Woo.  And me?  You guys were over there talking. You weren't talking but you and Spencer  were.  Are you being serious?  I'm being serious.  Honestly, we didn't talk about you.  Nobody did except Tony.  No way, no how.  Kass legitimately misheard Tony. So now Tony is actually telling the truth,  which is rare. You know, this is a special moment, and Kass doesn't believe  it. Am I going to clear up the situation? No!  You're so off. So off.  Tony wasn't doing anything wrong but if Kass is mad at Tony, that means she  isn't mad at me and I’m sitting back enjoying the show.  I didn't talk about you at all. I mean, I’m not trying to say that you're not  in my mind. You are always in my thoughts, but I wasn't talking about you. (  laughter ) for some reason, Kass says, "i heard you talking about  me." and I looked at her and said, "what are you talking about me?  Nobody is talking about you?" she's off her rocker. I don't know what's  wrong with her and I don't care. Just keep on voting. Let me take her to the  end with me so I can win the votes. We're talking about cop things and  nothing about you. Believe me when I tell you, it is nothing about you.  Tony moved up a level as a player by making two big moves-- blindsiding LJ  And blindsiding Jefra and using people outside his alliance to do that and  not letting people in the alliance in. Now it's put a red flag out there that  Tony is willing to do anything to anybody. All the people who went with him  are just cult members. I don't want to be a cult member. I want to kill the  cult leader.  I don't like tension around camp. Kass was mad at me thinking I said  something about her and I said let me just squash this and move forward  according to plan so she doesn't get any brilliant ideas to try to oust me. Kass  I wanted to tell you real quick, were you joking or did you think I was  talking about you?  You were talking about me. I confirmed it with everyone.  They're lying to you, Kass.  Tony, I know what I heard. Just stop lying to me. I think you're making this  big deal out of it because you know it's true.  I'm telling you it wasn't true, so don't tell me what I said.  I'll tell you what I said.  You can't tell me what I said.  I just told you what you said. Let's have a big argument.  I know what I said but you don't know what you heard.  Tony, everything that comes out of your mouth is a lie.  I didn't talk about you. I never said anything about you.  This is a classic sign of someone who has gotten too deep into their own lies  they don't know what they're saying anything.  You make no sense.  Then don't talk to me, Tony.  You make no sense.  Tony is loosing it. Tony, I’m happy he's imploding. I like to have chaos and  I like to have trouble. I like to see people at their breaking point in this  game because it brings out the worst in them, and I expect that of him  because he's an idiot.  She has to flatter herself. I want to talk about her. I don't want to talk  about you. I have nothing to talk about you for.  Well, if you can, just let it go.  No, I’m done. I’m good. And then she's looking at me with that stupid grin on  her face like she knows what she's talking about. A nut job, man.  Kass is convinced that she heard Tony talking about her. I don't really know.  But you can't convince her that, that event did not happen, but if the two of  them are at each other's throat, then it takes the target off of me.  How old are you, 40?  Yes.  You act like a four-year-old.  That's why I’m comb posed and you're not.  Hopefully in the next two months you'll do a little growing before you hit  40.  Oh, wow, i'll take that advice from you.  I'm not the one having a tantrum.  I'm not either.  I think it's funny that you're losing your mind and self-destructing out here.   I'll never self-destruct, honey, never happen. What are you going to vote me  out? &gt;&gt;y I think I will write your name down.  You know what will happen, you're going to go home?  That's fine, as long as we cleared the air.  Make sure you play your idol.  Listen, don't tell me how to play. You write my name down you're going home.  Play your idol.  Write my name down.  I will, Tony.  And you'll go home.  Because you're running the show.  No, because I have a special idol, that's why.  I'm sure you do.  You guys hear that. Spence, you hear what I told her?  You have a special idol.  And you'll go home. Put my name down.  So show it to us.  I don't have to. Put my name down and you'll see it you'll be the first to  see it.  I don't give much credence to Tony's claim that he has a special idol. Tony  is known for lying.  I just want to get rid of one guy.  You can't, you can't.  Right there.  You can't.  I can't?  You can't.  Okay. We'll see.  We will see.  We'll see what happens.  Okay there, you go. You're done. And just like that, tash and Spencer, you  guys move up another notch, huh?  Jeff: Come on in, guys! You guys ready to get to today's reward challenge?  Yes!  Jeff: For today's challenge, you'll be divided into two teams of three. On my  go, you'll raise to throw sandbags until one team completely destroys the  other team's wall. Then one member of each team will race to rebuild their  wall. First team to finish wins reward. Want to know what you're playing for?   Yes.  Yes!  Jeff: The winning team will be taken to a local elementary school where you  will serve as "Survivor" ambassadors of good will. You'll be  bringing school supplies for each individual student and for the school as a  whole. A little nourishment for the soul. You'll also be bringing with you food.  Hamburgers and hot dogs.  Oh!  Jeff: American style. Should be a great afternoon. Worth playing for.  Yes.  Yes.  Absolutely!  Jeff: We'll draw for teams and get started. All right, here we go. We have  our two teams. It is Woo, Spencer, and Kass taking on Tasha, Trish, and Tony.  Survivors ready? Go. The goal is very simple-- you want to knock down their  wall before they do yours. Then you will have more pieces of your wall intact  when it comes time to rebuild. Tone wea nice toss knocks off a couple of  blocks. Kass comes up a little short. Tony with a hies nit. Spencer with a  massive hit. Kass with another. Once one tribe decimates the other's wall,  switch it up, and start rebuilding yours. Spencer takes out another four  blocks.  Nice!  Jeff: Trish with a nice hit. This thing is heating up. Four blocks left for  purple, two for orange. Orange is down to one. Purple down to two. There it  is! Kass knocks off the last orange block. Switch, start collecting blocks.  The purple puzzle has two pieces. Orange has none. Not much of a lead. We now  have our two puzzle makers, Spencer building for his team, Tasha building for  hers. Spencer has two ploks but it really does him no good because they're  not in any order.  Beautiful.  Two former members of the brain tribe in a showdown on a puzzle.  You see the teeth in the cornerrers.  I'm looking for the base right now.  <br/>Jeff: Spencer falling behind. Tasha starting to pull away from Spencer.  Do you see the middle bottom piece here?  You have it up there, it's already there.  Jeff: A lot of panic setting in already. This is starting to become a  runaway. The question is are you placing them in the right spot?  Flip it over and put it on that corner. Kass now starting to guide Spencer.  One day you're arguing with somebody. The next day you're relying on them.  Flip it around.  There you go.  Jeff: Spencer finally starting to get some momentum. He's going to have to  move quickly in order to catch Tasha.  Perfect.  Jeff: Tasha with another piece.  Spencer and Kass really work together well.  Help me, guys.  Jeff: Tasha now struggling a big bit.  Put it to the right, perfect.  Jeff: Spencer continuing to gain on Tasha now.  All right, tash.  Yes.  Jeff: Tasha still can't find that missing piece. Spence wer another piece.  Tightening the gap now.  Don't panic.  Jeff: Tasha starting to panic. She can feel the pressure now. This is how  fast a challenge can change. Spencer and Kass have brought their team back  into this. Momentum has completely shifted. This is why you never give up.  Slow down.  Jeff: It's an incredible comeback. Spencer Kass, and Woo win reward? Re.  Yes!  God, I wanted that one so bad.  Jeff: Spencer, Kass, Woo, not only are you going to fill your bellies with  food. More than that, you're changing lives. You're representing "Survivor"  and bringing supplies to kids who wouldn't otherwise have them. Grab your  stuff, head out, and have a great afternoon. Tasha, Trish, Tony, got nothing  for you. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. Todays reward was a phenomenal  opportunity to give back to the filipino community and to be an ambassador  for "Survivor qand the the moment we come out is mob deep of all these  beautiful young people. It was phenomenal yes, book bags. You need a book  bag. This one's cool. There you go.  How about a crazy one!  To see how stoked they were to receive book bags was something very humbling  that I will just possess in my heart for the rest of my life. Yeah!  Here, bud.  Who likes the basketball? Woooo! Yes! Yes!  I'm not really a kid person, and i'll be the first to say that I don't even  really like kids.  There you are! There you go. You share, okay?  It was a little overwhelming having all of these little monsters swarming me.   Let's let some of the other kids up.  Once I got into it, I did enjoy it? You want it? And it kind of surprised me  in a good way that it was such a positive experience for me.  You guys like to see a little martial arts demonstration?  Yeah!  I need one volunteer. Spencer, please.  All right!  Beat me up.  Spencer, i'll just have you hold this. I promise you, I will not kick you.  This is called the turning hook kick, but before I do it... ( applause )  i loved Woo doing his martial arts and being an entertainer. Definitely in  his element. Woo is usually quiet. This is the most he's spoke nen 31 days is  to, you know, 100 kids.  You think you can take the ball from me? Oh! ( applause ) good job, good job!   I really like Woo a lot more after seeing how he was with the kids.  Bye-bye, everyone, study hard.  Bye!  I haven't thought about the game for the last couple of hours, but the kids  have to go back to class and we need to go back to "Survivor 101"  and I’m here with two people who could be allies. Considering what happened  last night at tribal I need some new allies.  Did you see how smoked those kids were, it was awesome.  It was good to see your personality, Woo. You're so quiet at camp. I was  pleased it's us three that came. This is what I think we need to do. We need  to flush the idol. If toney and Trish tell me they're voting for tash, two  vote Trish, two vote Tony.  If he doesn't play the's out with the idol. If he does, we vote for Trish.  I spoke with Spencer and Woo about working together to do a three-way split  against Tony. Spencer and I had a lot of animosity in the past but now we  have a common enemy. I’m no longer the enemy. Tony is the new enemy. What do  I say ponds people well? Hatred and enemies.  Tash will be with this. This is what tash and I have wanted.  You won't tell Tony this?  No, I want Tony out.  Kass has managed to screw up my game in the past. But right now, if Tony goes  with twoizeols he goes from a threat to the biggest threat.  You want to get Tony out before talk?  Yes, we have to flush that idol. There's only one time to flush the idol. The  last time he can use it is at five. We're three people away from the final  three. So you have to make a couple of decisions.  Right.  Honestly, Woo, I would be happy with going you to the end. Kass, too. I think  I would be really happy--  us three.  With us three being the final three?  I think it's a fair three, where there's no landslide.  Yeah. You guys are right. Right now would be the time to make a move.  Honestly, working with Woo is stressful because all I’m getting from Woo is,  "yeah. Yeah. Something to consider. Right."  you think that's something you would entertain?  You can be straight up with us, you know.  No, i'll definitely consider it. At this point in the game, it's going to be  an individual game. And we all have to be looking out for ourselves.  Do you want to do it?  Playing this game from day one with Tony, it's hard to dp against him.  Let's just think about it.  But this game, it's doing what you can do to move yourself forward. So if  that means that I have to make a big move, take Tony out, it's something that  i'll definitely consider.  So as far as strategy, I can talk to Tasha about what we discussed.  Okay, perfect.  Or do you want to wait until you decide for sure, Woo?  Yeah.  I'm in.  You're in?  I'm in.  Awesome. I think Woo is maybe getting in game mode. Walking back from the  reward, he just said, "i'm on board." and I like that he took that  time to think about it. It shows me he's just not kneejerking this game.  I'm not going to disclose anything that we discussed, no way.  No,.  We're all going to trust each other.  But we know what's going on.  Hey, guys! How was it?  Good. Epic, man. The kids loving us.  Woo was an entertain. Woo was, like, making all these kids laugh. He was  entertaining hundreds of kids.  I would be like,"get out of the way. I want to eat sm of.  It was a cool experience.  So Kass realizes that Tony needs to go, so we were thinking the brains plus Woo,  you, me, Kass, Woo. We really can't lose if we team up. Because we can split  the votes between Tony and Trish. And if Tony plays the idol, we send home Trish.  And then we send home Tony next week.  Do you totally trust Woo?  Hopefully he's with us, because if he isn't, Tony now knows everything.  Yes.  Tony resident people really well. It's very hard to lie to him.  I wonder if they got Woo. To blindside us.  I'll find out. I'll say, "Woo, any strategy talk? What's going on. Fill  me in."  if he says no--  , of course,.  Then he's lying. And we know we're screwed.  What's up, karate kid?  Oh, man.  Any strategy talk?  Yeah.  Who was talking?  Kass and Spencer are saying we should take out Tasha.  That's their strategy talk? Where does that leave Spencer?  I don't know.  So what's Kass tell you?  Take out Tasha.  That's what she's telling you.  Yeah.  Oh. Any clues or anything. Was Spencer saying anything?  No.  Okay, shhh! Up to this point now, Woo has been a disciplined ally. So I have  no reason not to trust him you know. Spencer didn't mention nothing about me?   No.  Nothing about my idol.  No.  Wow. I was thinking he was going to come up to you and say, "listen,  it's time to make a Woo. Come with me, and Tasha." he didn't propose  that.  No.  Nothing like that?  That don't sound right.  Woo was telling me oh, yes, Spencer wanted to vote off tash. It didn't make  no sense at all. To get rid of one number locked in his hand makes no sense.  And I’m saying to myself, okay, you're lying to me. And Woo might think of  making a power move right now. I might have been wrong about Woo all along.  All right, you guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: Tasha for the third time in a row, I will take it back. You are one  victory away from tying kelly wigglesworth as a record for four wins in a  row.  You go, sister.  Jeff: Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge,  you're going to race out and count the number of items at six different  stations. You will use those numbers to solve a combination lock. If you pull  on the lock and it's wrong, you have to head back out and count again. First  person to solve their combination, break the tile, wins immunity, guaranteed  a one in five shot at winning this game. Losers, you know the drill-- tribal  council. After 33 days, somebody will be voted out. Draw for spots, we'll get  started. All right, here we go. For immunity. Survivors ready? Go! Six  stations. Try to remember as membership numbers as you can. Then head back  and lock them in on your combination lock. This is going to test you  physically and mentally just remembering numbers after 33 days is a lot. Then  having to sprint back and forth. Tony's first back. Tasha right behind.  Here's Spencer. Lock them in, and then head back out and count some more. Woo  coming back with a big old smile on his face. Here's Trish. The question show  many numbers can you remember at once? Could somebody do all six stations? Spencer  heading back out. Tasha heading back out. Woo heading back out. Trish heading  back out. Here comes Kass. Kass has been out there for a long time. The  question is, does she have all six numbers and are they right? Tony heading  back again. Here comes Tasha and Spencer. Spencer flying. Kass going to give  it a shot. She's wrong. You only get one shot. You have to head back out. Spencer  back, Tasha back, Tony's back. We're getting to the point now where somebody  could have counted all six stations and they could be right. Tony going to  give it a shot. He's wrong, going to head back out.  All right, jeff.  Jeff: Spencer going for it. He's wrong.  Jeff?  Jeff: Tasha wrong. Head back oit. You have to go. Woo still smiling. Does he  have it, is the question. I’m going to try. He's going to give it a go. No, Woo  has to go back out. Here comes Trish. Big effort by a woman who can barely  move, has no muscle left on her body, would be a huge victory for Trish. Trish  is wrong. This is where it gets tricky. Which number is wrong? Do I have more  than one wrong? It looks so simple. Count the number of items. Spencer tries.  He's wrong. Woo is going to give it a go. And he's wrong. Woo has to head  back out. Trish tries it, she is wrong. Tasha wrong, head back out. Kass it  wrong again. Frustration setting in for everybody.  Oh, come on!  Jeff: Keep fighting you guys. Somebody's going to win this!  Jeff: Here comes Tasha. She recounted every single station, double checking  her work. Here comes Kass. Here comes Tony. It is a sprint to the end. Does  somebody have it? Kass is wrong. Who's going to get this right? Here comes Spencer.  Here comes Trish. Tony's wrong. This could be Tasha's fourth immunity in a  row if she's right. No! Spencer has it! Spencer wins individual immunity!  Safe at tonight's tribal council. Huge effort by everybody. Tasha, you were  one off bamboo for a long time. Spencer, come on over. Big effort. Big day.  Big win. Spencer, safe at tonight's tribal council. But after 33 days,  somebody, sadly, going home tonight. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. I'll  see you tonight at tribal. Congrats. Everyone was in that  yes. It's anybody's game, every single challenge up to this point.  That's what i've been saying. No one believed me.  The same two people keep winning. Why tonight you share the wealth?  I'm so bummed I didn't win the immunity challenge. Good for you, I’m glad,  spence.  Good for you, bro.  I'm not done yet. There's still havoc to wreak.  Neither Tony nor Trish won, so how do you want to split the vote?  Do you want to do boys Tony, girls Trish?  That sounds good to me.  Boys Tony.  So you and I vote Tony, and Tasha and Kass vote Trish? If he doesn't play the  idol, it's Tony. If he does, it's Trish. We can't lose. I don't think he has  the special idol, or whatever. But just in case, it's probably better that he  doesn't think anything's up.  He's going to freak out on my decision, but--  i mean, it's-- you gotta do the best thing for your game.  Right.  This is the best thing for your game, your game, my game, and Kass' game.  Everyone's game.  Woo is very quiet, very stealth, but I think Woo is ready to make a move. So  hopefully he will do what he has said that he will do, and I just have to put  on an act like I could be going home tonight.  You don't know how it is. Tash. You're a powerful player, just like I am. If  I had won it, would it have been spence tonight?  I don't know, man, Tasha. You just never know. Right now, I think it's you  tonight. But I don't know.  He's endured a lot, and I’m glad to have made 33 days. I’m going to the pond.  I'll be back.  She's too comfortable. And when did you ever see her concede? No way. Tash,  out of all people, did not win immunity today. And she's not scrambling,  especially when she knows it's her tonight. There's something going on.  Usually she'll be like, "Trish, can I talk to you? Tony can I talk to  you?" you know what I mean, she always does that. And now today's she's  not. Just in case she does have anythingoon idol or something, I’m going to  have to play mine tonight, man. It's me or her tonight.  I think you should play yours tonight.  I am playing mine tonight. I’m not going home at six. I have two idols. One  regular idol and one with special powers. The special powers I have is I can  use it after the votes are read.  Do you have the special idol?  I have plenty of stuff, kid. At this point, I cannot confirm or deny. I don't  want to play my special idol tonight but if they call my tbluf that I’m not  using the special idol, and they put my name down, I have to use that special  idol, or I go home.  Are you down with it, big change in the works?  Let's hope it goes according to plan?  It should.  Tash knows she needs to get rid of Tony and she knows as long as it's not  her, it's great.  He ran his alliance by fear because everyone who has double crossed him--  is gone.  Is gone. I’m over it. He's like our version of russell hantz.  He's such a ( bleep )--  absolutely.  Not likable.  He's a bully!  He is.  Hypothetically, if everybody hates him as much as I do, it actually can  change my strategy. He's russell hantz.  Yeah.  Jersey style.  Jersey style russell.  One thing I learned in this game is it changes every hour. Now I’m starting  to think is he our russell who maybe makes it to the end and thinks he's  god's gift? I have to make a decision tonight based on can I beat Tony in the  final tribal? And nobody ever gives the jerk the money. So maybe I keep him.  You want to talk for a minute?  Okay.  This is the position I love. Where I’m really the one making a decision.  Either way, chaos will ensue.  You're sticking with the plan? Which one do you want to do?  I don't know.  Kass pulls me aside and she's like, "do we want to take out Tony and Trish  or take out Tasha?" and I’m sitting here like, whoa. This is insane.  I think we're about in the same boat right now.  This game, it all comes down to that critical moment in the game, and that is  moments before tribal council. What are we going to do? We'll now bring in  the members of our jury. Sarah, Morgan, LJ, Jeremiah, and jeff remark voted  out at the last tribal council. Tasha, this is the first time in a long time  you have is not had that necklace. What's the feeling tonight?  Well, it's been made very clear pretty much by everyone that as soon as you  lose, you're going home. But, you know, what? All we hear from Tony is  "i have the special idol with special powers. I have the hidden immunity  idol." so I’m hoping that people will recognize Tony for the threat that  he really is.  Jeff, today her scrambling was far from the regular, far from the norm. It's  like it wasn't even an immunity night. So to me I got kind of worried. She's  been on a roll. She's won half of the immunity challenges so her not being  worried made me worried and that's why I got my bag with me again tonight.  Jeff: Of tricks?  Of tricks.  But, jeff, they're putting this false target on me like I’m the queen of  immunity challenges when Tony is the bigger strategic threat and put most of  those people over there but no one wants to see tjeff.  Jeff: So, Tony, what do you do, when you're clearly trying to deflect the  attention but there's only six of you?  I know for a fact anything can happen in this game. Spencer and tash have  been trying to plant the seed in the head that Tony is dangerous. But that's  her deflecting the target off her back. For my alliance, we're tight. We're  loyal. We're honest with each other. And that's how we've been all along,  loyalty and trust, jeff.  Jeff: Kass, does Tony's logic I’m just relying on loyalty seem genuine or  disingenuous?  Probably disingenuous. We're getting very close to having a final three or  final two. So I would be paranoid if I had a bag of tricks.  Jeff: So if everybody believes that Tony has a hidden immunity idol and a  second idol, this seems like an obvious vote to flush one of those two idols  out.  That is exactly what needs to happen tonight.  Jeff, why would they want to flush the idols out if we're together? Keeping  the idol away from the enemy helps the alliance. I’m not saying I’m going to  use it for everybody when there are just four left--  and he was perfectly honest with us that he did get the immunity idol and if  need be he would use it on us if we needed it.  Jeff: Woo, why would you want to flush somebody's back of tricks, one or two  idols, at this point in the game?  Yeah, we would want to flush that out, because the further he advances, the  more he can dictate whether or not you go or you go sit on the jury.  Jeff: Spencer, what do you make of this?  Well, there's a point to be made that after voting out Jefra, Tony does what  he always does-- he scoops back the people in his alliance that were  blindsided, and he says, "don't worry. We're still together." and  they believe it. And I’m curious to see when it will change. But I’m excited.  You know, Tony did bring his bag of tricks, and I believe we're going to find  out what's in it after a long wait tonight. ( laughter )  jeff: What do I think is going to happen tonight, Woo? Is there a plan that  you think is going to play out?  You know, we-- we agreed upon one thing, and the vote's going to be what we  all agreed upon.  Jeff: Tony's shaking his head no.  I'm hoping that the four stick together and tash goes home tonight, jeff.  That's what I’m hoping for.  Jeff: Kass, how about for you? What do you think's going to happen tonight?  It's fun to fantasize you're in the final three and who's going to vote for  me and stuff, but you also still have to get there. You know, how am I going  to get there? Who am I going to get there with? And what's going to happen? I  think tonight might be a blindside.  Jeff: That's what you're banking on Tasha?  That's what I’m hoping for, jeff. That we blindside. I'd be happy to stay  here, even in the rain.  Jeff: All right, it is time to vote. Tony, you're up.  You've been in the driver's seat for a long time. Time to move over.  Trish, someone has to go tonight. Better you than me.  Sorry, you played an awesome game.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play tnow would be the time to do so. Okay, once the vote are read,  the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal  council area immediately. I'll read the vote. First vote, Tasha. Tony. Trish.  One vote Tasha, one vote Tony, one vote Trish. That's two votes Tasha, one  vote Tony, one vote Trish. 12th person voted out and the sixth member of our  jury, Tasha. That's three. That's enough. You need to bring me your torch. Tasha,  the tribe has spoken. Well, Spencer, based on tonight's vote, it would appear  that once again you're on the outside of this group. But given unpredictable  way things have been going, it may not be such a bad thing. Grab your  torches. Head back to camp.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor":  i told you something in secrecy. And then you come here and you blow it out.  Jeff: Chaos Kass is back.  I want nothing to do with you, Kass.  At this point in the game you want as much paranoia as you can stir up.  Jeff: But this time she's met her match.  You don't want to argue with me Kass and act like you're going to win at  everything. I have news for you, sister, you're not!  Given the start I had at the Luzon tribe, to make it this far in the game is  amazing. I’m proud to have been here and it's a blessing. I thought at the  end I got voted out because I was strong in challenges, and honestly, the  castaways were probably smart to get rid of me when they did because I felt I  had another immunity run in me