<br/>jeff: Previously on "Survivor": 18 new casteaways were divided into  32 tribes-- brawn, brains, and beauty. Welcome to kay. At the beauty tribe, LJ  Was suspicious of Morgan.  She either already has an immunity idol or she has a clue.  Jeff:  we're sticking together. He's got my back.  And they went to work on recruiting Jeremiah.  Jeff: Meanwhile at the brawn tribe, Tony hit the ground run, finding an  idol--  this is huge.  Jeff: And manipulating his tribe.  Are you a cop?  No, why.  Do you swear?  I swear.  Thought for a split second should I tell them I’m a cop. And I said no,  they'll try to blindside me right away.  Jeff: The brain tribe continued to self-destruct. Beauty wins! Blowing a huge  lead and losing their second challenge in a row. Back at camp, things got  worse. Garrett decided to hold an open vote.  Kass, do you have any opinion on that?  J’Tia.  Jeff: But it backfired.  Gator, you're an idnot!  Jeff: At tribal council, the women decided strategy was more important than  eating. They blizzarded Garrett, leaving Spencer the odd man out. Garrett,  the tribe has spoken.  Who wants to welcome me to the bottom?  Jeff: 16 are left. Who will be voted out tonight.  Kudos, guys. Didn't see that coming. Tribal council was a train wreck. Garrett  was bad enough at the game that the girls were willing to choose someone who  destroyed all of our food overhim, which is crazy. I’m definitely the odd map  out right now. I’m going to have to resort to all kind of crazy, creative  ideas just to have a shot at this thing. If he hadn't done his whole mock  tribal council--  honestly, it would have been J’Tia today if he had just had the private  conversation.  Yeah.  I came into tribal council clearly thinking, you know, it was me going, but  it was a lot of luck. This tribe is pretty much a complete disaster, but it's  entertaining so we'll see what happens. I was voting J’Tia today when I said  I was not kidding.  When did it change for you?  When I found out that you, Kass, and Garrett had an alliance.  Yeah.  I'm still pissed about the rice. I’m still pissed at J’Tia, but I have no  loyalties to Spencer and I’m going to try to do my best to get Kass on board  for an all-girl alliance.  Well, Spencer is going to scramble.  He's the next to go.  I was thinking about that, too.  He's-- he's the next to go.  Let's just go in as girls. Let's go. I honestly didn't know who i'd vote for  when I went into tribal, but then you think about gator. He's fun to look at,  but you don't want to play with him. And I thought J’Tia has aatismer, but  you can replace rice, and now she's scared, so I think she'll be loyal to me.  I hope you guys don't turn on me for Spencer because I just--  hell no.  It would be--  hell no.  I don't trust nobody here. They're against me, and I’m by myself, me, mierkz  my idol and i. Now there's four of us. I was sitting by the fire all by my  loan shm and Sarah came by and I said let me give her something and he what  happens. Soid say, "you know what, sara, listen, I’m also a police  officer. You were right when you told me." how did I know I was a cop.  I can just tell. I can just tell. I've been a cop for seven years. My wife  was a cop for eight years.  I knew you were a cop. I knew. We're good. You know how people say they have  a gay-dar. I have a cop-dar. I can tell who cops are and Tony is a cop. I knew  it from day one and he finally told me. I felt like I up with the lottery. I was  like gosh dang it, I knew I was right. Now they know Tony's a cop, we've got  that blue tblood going and cop blood runs thick, so he is loyal to cops, and  you better believe I’m going to stick by his side. We're going to be partners  in crime.  I told Sarah in one conversation that took place between Cliff and lindy, but  that was a lie. That was a total lie. I just told her I heard stuff, just so  I could try to get her on my side. To me, it means nothing. You could swear  on your kids, your family, your dead grandmother-- it doesn't matter to me.  It's just words.  What's wrong with this rain, man? Oh, come on. This really sucks.  Man this is-- this is brutal, man.  The weather has been the most miserable experience i've ever encountered.  It's either a monsoon or a hurricane. Everything is so wet. I mean, all we've  got is this one little spark that I’m desperately trying to keep alive. All  the Wood is wet. We're basically screwed.  It's miserable. Absolutely miserable. This is tough. I’m making a joke about  this, but this ain't funny.  You know what they say, right? The sun always comes out in the morning.  Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs,  man, look at that water.  Look at that.  Sarah! Is there more?  The rain is narly, treacherous, freezing, it's pouring. It's terrible. But  this is what "Survivor" is all about, baby. Hopefully it will die  down here shortly. If not, it's going to be a long night. Whooo!  Get some water to drink right here, kid. Oh, that's good, Woo.  I haven't been try for more than a couple of hours on this island. Nonstop  rain is just really bad for moral. We're all miserable. This is what I envision  hell to be like.  I wish we would have won that tarp, man.  Ah! I mean, we've been up the whole night. Since the sun went town at 6:30,  we've been sitting here cuddled.  I guess I broke my toenail off.  It probably just came off because they're soaked.  This is the most ridiculous situation i've ever put myself in. And I just  wish I hadn't.  I'm sitting there, and I’m looking over at Lindsey, and I do not feel bad for  her, because I was talking with Tony last night at the fire, and he gave me  some tid bits about Cliff and Lindsey having a conversation about me. So  immediately that just set me off.  Give me the rundown.  All right, what I heard was this-- Trish, we can get rid of her at any time.  We can get rid of tricia request time. Sarah is the smart one, though. That's  what they said. Sarah is the smart one. And Lindsey said, "Sarah? Oh, I like  Sarah. I like Sarah."  okay, all right.  And Cliff is the one-- "hey, shorty, it's a game. You gotta be  focused." that's what he told her. I’m telling you. I’m telling you.  I'm tell you, the blue blood, baby.  We formed cops "r" us last night I’m being serious, if you panic--  i'm not going to. That's what I came out, because I needed to find you.  If you go against your word as "Survivor" but don't say blue blood  and go behind my back.  I won't. That's why I said that. Absolutely. He knows i'll be loyal to him. I  know he'll be loyal to me. We shook on it again today. It's the most sincere  handshake you'll ever have in your life. I trust him 110%. When you finally  told me I was like, "yes. I knew I was right." all right.  All right.  No matter what you tell anybody, you can't trust them. I don't trust nobody  here, nobody here. None of them. And I’m sure they don't trust me.  I just wish is it would stop just for, like, 10 minutes. Just long enough to,  like, walk around and breathe a little bit. What's up with all these flies? I  don't like it. I feel like i've been in a "Survivor" nightmare.  Last night we had a horrible storm. Our clothes, they're completely drenched.  It's hopeless to get them try today. Our fingers, as you can see-- we've been  in soaking wet water for almost 24 hours now. We all stayed up all night  long. We evaporate had food. We haven't had anything today because we can't  make a fire. Reality has set in, and it's really, really, really hard. I feel  like--  i think we should throw our suits on and just go in the ocean?  I'm scared i'll be even colder.  We need to come up with another plan for tonight because this isn't going to  work.  Unfortunately, jeffer is doing a lot of complaining without a lot of doing,  and I know what that means-- Jeremiah and LJ, go on, prepare the shelter. It  takes a lot of hard work to get by when you're surviving. And I guess the  stereotype of beauty is starting to come into play. I mean, these girls don't  do anything. I mean, they're on some other sort of planet.  Right now, it's not that bad.  It looks drier.  It's definitely drier.  We're definitely going to have to put palm frond over them because otherwise  they'll blow off.  I have to keep my mouth shut. This is one of those situation where's I have  to keep my mouth shut because I don't want to put any bull's eyes on myself.  I've never been through a monsoon. I guess I’m getting to see it firsthand  now.  I'm freezing. ( thunder ).  We're wet, we're soaked, we're not going to get dry any time soon, and my  mind is always running so I figured on the first day when I vote offside Morgan  and we showed up from camp, she came around the reef and rock. The fact that  she was there for no reason. You know, she must have got a clue. So I figureud  that, you know, what? Maybe i'll just take a peek. Maybe i'll see if I can  find the hidden immunity idol. Who the hell looks for a hidden immunity idol  in the middle of a too foon but this guy. And that's why I found out. I have  the hidden immunity idol. I've grown off on "hard work pays off."  you reap what you sow. Now I have to figure out where to hide it. I’m keeping  this a secret. No one is ever going to know I have this thing until I play  this thing.  Our favorite place.  We have tree mail. It's got a little--  tell us something good, please.  We've got a little guy on here.  A little--  like a buddha. It might be a meditation challenge. Whoever can meditate for  the longest.  Who wants to read? I do. "mule be mazed and confused. This much is  true."  a maze.  "in this challenge, the tribe works together, tossing small buckets of  water from the ocean into a larger bucket on the end of a teeter-totter.  Winning immunity means a drier shelter, too."  a tarp.  <br/>I'm excited to eat rice.  Yeah, we gotta get some rice going.  We gotta it's something.  And water.  J’Tia dumped out 95% of our rice, but she's asking how much rice should we  cook? And I’m like, "are you freaking kidding me right now?" it's I  weric. It's a mess around here. We have an impending challenge. Someone could  possibly go home and my first inclination is let's practice. Can we do  everything as quickly as possible because I want to practice different  techniques.  I'm going to do a little interior decorating.  I'm sorry, but I’m a little dehydrated. I feel like they're looking at me  like I’m crazy. You should really want to practice.  Okay.  You should really want us to practice,un what I’m saying?  I want us to be good.  If we lose, someone is going home.  I think drinking water is essential, too. It's weird being the only guy on  the tribe. I have to be patient, manage my mexicos, and not get too down and  take my shots to get out of this tribe alive. I think the problem is it's  threading a lot.  That was it. No?  I think the key is a quick release from the thing.  Dude, whatever I did was perfect.  So, like-- nope.  A little high.  I can work with it if it's low. * * I don't like the high arc.  Oh, good.  You definitely don't want it to trail up.  Sorry.  Not in the face. Look at the coconut. There you go. You've got to have a  target. Yes. I like the hand technique. Yes. Exactly. Yes. Yes. &gt; jeff: Come on in, guy! Brawn and beauty tribe, getting your first look at the  new brain tribe. Garrett voted out at the last tribal council.  Wow.  Jeff: Once again, shocked reactions. All right, are you guys ready to get to  today's immunity challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: First things first, i'll take back the idols. Thai. Thank you. Once  again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're going to  use a bucket to scoop water from the ocean. You'll then work together passing  water from tribe mate to tribe mate, and into a container. When the container  fills, it will drop, releasing a ball. Two tribe mates will then use that ball  to solve a vertical maze. First two tribes to finish win immunity, safe from  the vote. Losers go to tribal council where a third person will be voted out.  In addition, you are playing for reward. Do you want to know what you're  playing for?  Yes!  Jeff: Given the weather this will help a lot. First tribe to finish, comfort  and shelter. You have blankets. Pillows. Mosquito net. And a tarp to keep you  dry. No matter what condition your shelter is in, a tarp will improve it.  Second tribe to finish, no comfort, but shelter in the form of a tarp.  Oh, my gosh gra.  Jeff: A lot at stake in this college. Brawn, you have two extra members, who  are you going to sit out?  Jeff, me and lindz regoing to sit out.  Jeff: For the beauty tribe you're sitting out who people. Who is it going to  be Jefra and Alexis are going to sit this one out. Take a spot on the bench.  Everyone else, give you a minute to strategize, and we'll get started. Here  we go. For immunity and reward, Survivors ready? Go! All about team work.  Nice, good job.  Jeff: First you gotta toss the bucket. Then you have to toss the water.  Whatever water you get, you've got to dump. You're trying to collect as much  water as you can with each pass. Once that container fills, it will drop,  releasing the ball, and you're done with this phase.  Oh!  Jeff: Out of the gate, it is the beauty tribe in the lead. Brawn right behind  them. And the brain tribe in last, as usual. Spencer desperate to change  something for the brain tribe, moving as fast as he can to tawive aover to J’Tia,  who is getting drenched. Very little of that water making its way to Kass.  Beauty tribe is pulling away with this one. Whatever they're doing is  working. Great toss by the brawn tribe.  Just toss it!  Jeff: Tasha and J’Tia still having trouble communicating. Beauty getting  closer to finishing this first phase. Brawn in second, brains still in last.  Tribal council tonight, you need to pick, this, up. Beauty tribe very close. Morgan  can see it. This might be enough.  Here we go!  Jeff: That does it for the beauty tribe! Start working on the maze now. It is  now between brawn and brain for that second spot. Beauty tribe working on the  maze now.  You first, pull, pull, pull.  Jeff: Cliff with another bucket of water, and that will do it for the brawn  tribe. Start working on the maze, brawn tribe. Keep moving, brain tribe!  Go right or left?  It doesn't matter.  Jeff: Two tribes are working on the vertical braze, the brawn tribe and the  beauty tribe, and once again the brain tribe is trying to get back in the  challenge and they are not very close.  As soon as you go down, I’m going to yank it on my side.  Jeff: You need to work together to maneuver the ball to the outside of the  maze until the ball drops.  Three, two, one. Okay, go back.  Jeff: Brain tribe has yet to win, once again, absolutely no water in the  bucket from J’Tia to Kass on that. Brawn with a bit of a lead in the vertical  maze, but beauty right there. All you want to do is make sure you don't  finish last. Brain tribe getting closer. That will do it!  Yes!  Jeff: Brain tribe working on the maze now. Another chance for them to live up  to their name. But the brawn and beauty tribe have had a lot of time to work  on this. Figuring out a complicated maze.  Oh, nice one!  Jeff: Brawn getting closer now. They figured it out. They're one big move  away from winning it. There it is. That could do it. Yes! Brawn wins immunity  and reward!  Yeah!  Jeff: We're looking for one more tribe. Brain tribe is back in this.  Oh!  Do it again, do it again, you do it.  Jeff: Working together well for the first time in this challenge!  Jeff: Another good move by the brain tribe. Beauty tribe now struggling. This  is the closest the brain tribe ha has been to finishing. Would be a huge  comeback. The beauty tribe is falling apart. Brain tribe very close now, big  move by the brain tribe. That will do it. Brain tribe wins immunity and  reward! No tribal council for the first time this season. Brawn tribe,  congratulations. Immunity again. No tribal council, and a nice reward. (  applause ) brain tribe, you've been waiting a while for this, your first  taste of immunity. Well earned. And, also, a tarp to go along with it. Brawn  tribe, come get your reward. Head back to camp and enjoy another night free  of tribal council. Brain tribe, come grab your tarp. Head back to camp. I'll  miss you at tribal council.  We won't miss you.  Jeff: All right, by the tribe, got nothing for you, except a date with me  tonight at tribal council, where somebody will be the third person voted out  of this game. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. I'll see you at tribal.  Home, sweet home.  Look at this crap. See you later, palm fronds.  We killed the challenge again. We all know how to keep our composure when  you're under pressure in a competition.  We're going to be water proof right now.  We've got the tarp. We've got the comfort. I mean, yeah, it's insane. I feel  like a brand new person, like, bring on the rain.  When we brought back the comfort items from the reward immunity challenge I said  there might be a potential clue in there or a potential attorney general vj.  My brain is ticking while theirs is not, I guess. I took the hammock off to  the side just in case something fell out, and I opened it, and a little piece  of paper that looked like a clue fell out and dropped on the floor. I immediately  put my foot right on top of it. I looked around, nobody was there. I bept  down, picked it up, and put it in my pocket. It didn't pertain to anything I needed  because I already have the idol. But I wanted to make sure if there was a  clue in there, I wanted to get my happened on it. I didn't want anything exwb  else to see it.  That is awesome, man.  Can I get in the hammock? Does anyone care?  I hope you fall on your ass.  Ah! ( laughter )  oh, dreams do come true in "Survivor."  sorry, guys.  Win as a team, lose as a team.  You guys were killing it on that water, though. Good job, Morgan.  You guys were so ahead.  I hate making excuses. We didn't get it done.  Out here, you have so many different elements just hitting you at once.  Baby, stay lit, baby, stay lit.  We were just in the middle of a hurricane. We lost the challenge. We're so  exhausted. And now, we're going to tribal. I think the energy on our beach is  going to return really dark. It's going to turn super negative and  suspicious.  Is anybody ready to go home? I mean, that's a stupid question, but in case  anybody has had enough. I figured i'd ask.  Tonight we've got to finally go to tribal. You know, it had to happen  eventually. Jeremiah, myself, Alexis, and Jefra are all on the same page.  Between Morgan and Brice, the one i've got to worry about is Brice. He seems  like he's going to be tough towards the end of the game, and it's the better  move to make a move on Brice now.  It's gonna be Brice.  If something happens, it's going to be Brice.  I think so, yeah.  I do worry that the tribe may come together and say Brice is really maybe not  a physical threat but Brice is definitely a social threat. So they may target  me, but I trust in Jeremiah. I just want to make sure we're on the same page  to get a girl out tonight.  What are you really thinking?  I mean, I’m really thinking Alexis, but what-- did LJ Say anything to you?  Not really. I mean he's thinking-- thinking you.  If it's me nhe's going to target you.  I don't know.  LJ Thinks he has an alliance of Alexis, Jefra, Jeremiah, and himself. But in  reality, Jeremiah's with Brice and i.  Sure didn't think we'd be going to tribal tonight.  It sucks, man.  I need to talk to her.  Tonight for the vote, we just arhave to get Jefra in there with us to make  that 4-2 vote.  What's up?  We're gonna vote Alexis and we want you to do it with us. And I know you guys  are like really good friends but--  well, why don't we vote out LJ Over Alexis?  Because we still need LJ For challenges.  Jeremiah will talk to you.  When did you talk to Jeremiah?  Past few days.  Okay.  And he's in on that?  LJ Thinks Jeremiah's part of his alliance.  Morgan and Jeremiah and Brice have an alliance. And are going to be voting for  Alexis tonight. What is going on? Is Jeremiah with me and Alexis and LJ Or  with Brice and Morgan?  I don't know. That's just what we were thinking.  I don't know.  Maybe i'll get a chance to talk to Jeremiah.  Uh-huh, i'll have Jeremiah talk to you.  People are throwing out strategies i've never heard of before. I mean, it's  just absolutely nuts. I’m not excited about tonight, because I think somebody  is really going to get blindsided.  Morgan just came up to me and said all kinds of crazy stuff.  What did she say?  She said you're in an alliance with her and Brice and you and Brice and her  were all voting for Alexis.  No.  Okay.  So we're still good with our original plan?  We're still good.  Me, you, LJ, and-- me, you, LJ, and Alexis voting for Brice.  Yes. Are me and you still--  yeah, I’m still good.  Jefra does not want to vote against Alexis.  Brice and Morgan is voting Alexis. So I’m kind of-- I mean, I’m stuck. Is  there any danger in splitting it?  I don't think there is. If we split it 2-2 and they have 2 for somebody.  Then it's a three-way tie.  And then you revote. That's what happens.  And if no one plays an idol, we all vote for one person. Right now, I don't  think there's any danger in splitting it.  Who should we--  i say the girls for Brice, boys for Morgan.  Maybe Brice or Morgan have a hidden immunity idol. What we're anything to do  is split the vote. The two boys are going to vote for morgue an and the two  girls are going to vote for Brice. If neither one has an idol, a tie equals a  revote and we'll all vote for Brice.  There's always the fear of this idol being played. If I can get my majority  to make a split vote, we're going to have a three-way tie and it's going to  put me absolute in the middle.  Yeah, we can do that.  Figo with Brice and Morgan, I could get rid of Alexis. My main goal is to  take over this tribe, and I’m going to have numbers is what I’m really hoping  for.  Make sure you vote for Alexis, please. I’m not worried tonight because I do  trust in Jeremiah and Morgan.  Our first tribal council, I don't know what to expect.  And I think Jefra feels way more comfortable with Jeremiah than LJ So  alliances are going to be exposed and people are going to be put in their  place.  I've got a big decision on my hands tonight. I could go with LJ, Alexis, and Jefra  or Brice and Morgan. Going into tribal council knowing I have all the power  is an amazing feeling. I am just a country guy. I don't want to hurt  somebody's feelings but after this vote I’m going to hurt someone's feelings  and smnl is going to lose their trust in me and that's going to hurt me more  than anything.  Jeff: Behind each of you is a torch. Go ahead and grab a torch. Dip it in and  get fire. This is part of the ritual of tribal council because in this game,  fire represents your life. When your fire's gone, so are you. Morgan, let's  talk about how you are grouped together as the beautiful tribe.  Uh-huh.  Jeff: Are there any other cliches associated with beaut they you think this  tribe embodied?  I mean, yeah, we've got good-look faces. What can I say? I like it. Sorry,  there's a bug in my hair.  Jeff: Brice, how did you feel when you found out you were grouped in with the  beautiful tribe?  I was excited. I look at myself as, you know, beautiful. And that comes with  an inner strength. It comes with things that you've gone through in your life  to have the butterfly effect where you can come out of the caterpillar and be  a beautiful butterfly. I feel like I’m at the butterfly stage of my life  flying around and look pretty.  Jeff: Jefra, tell me about the first few days out here.  Well, the first couple of days around our tribe it was actually, like, one  big party, jeff. We were like a group of college friends. All these beautiful  kids out here hanging out. And then the storm came, and that changed  everybody's attitude and momentum. And we lost the challenge today, and  everybody's paranoid because up until this point, nobody that I was aware of  had really talked strategy.  Jeff: Brice, how about you? Did you sense that paranoia this afternoon?  I mean, I think everyone is concerned about tonight but there have been talks  around camp. You know, there have been clear formation of people. You can see  Jeremiah and LJ There together. You worry about Alexis and Jefra together.  You know, and sometimes they get together as a four sell. That leaves myself  and Morgan out.  Jeff: If you and Morgan are on the outside, tell me where bthe way you might  be concerned.  There is a lot of talking amongst everyone, but there are certain people that  evaporate talked strategics with me at all.  Jeff: Who?  I would say Alexis. She hasn't talked to me at all about alliances. So I’m pretty  sure she's gunning for me.  Jeff: So is it a forgone conclusion you're voting for Alexis?  Jeff, I feel like everyone should pull their own weight around camp, you  know.  Jeff: Dot, dot, dot.  Dot, dot, dot.  Jeff: Alexis, how does that sit with you? Do you feel like you're pulling  your own weight?  I mean, heenes the game. He can totally use that to try to be ammo to get me  out. I love Brice.  And love being around him. I hope that's not the case. But it could possibly  happen.  Jeff: Brice has there been any talk about whether or not idols are playing a  part in this game?  There has been talk that people could possibly have idols. There's talk of  the town that Morgan, since she's the first person at our camp, that she has  an idol. So I know there's talk of the town that there are possible idols in  play.  Jeff: Morgan, with all the talk of the town about idols, how does that sit  with you?  I'm a little concerned, absolutely. I mean, I think I know where it's going  if everything goes the way, you know, we kind of planned it today. But people  can, you know, go behind your back and backstab you and you don't even see  it.  Jeff: So, Jeremiah, we've established that Brice, Morgan, and Alexis, all  three feel a bit concerned. Where are you in terms of thinking you know  what's going to happen tonight?  It's going to be tough,un. I think I know where it's going, but it's going--  it's going to hurt. It's going to suck, you know. But it's "Survivor."   jeff: All right, well, it seems like there is a lot of uncertainty in this  tribe. Let's put an end to that. It is time to vote. Morgan, you're up.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so. All right, once the vote are  read the decision it find. Person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal  council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Alexis. Brice. Morgan.  One vote Alexis, one vote Brice, one vote Morgan. Alexis. That's two votes Alexis.  Brice. Two votes Brice, two votes Alexis, one vote Morgan, one vote left. Morgan.  We have a tie. Alexis, Morgan, and Brice, you will not vote. LJ, Jefra, Jeremiah,  you will revote and you can only vote for one of these three. LJ, you're up.  You'll come grab this .  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. I'll read the votes. First vote, Brice. Third  person voted out of "Survivor: Cagayan," Brice. That's two. That's  enough. You need to bring me your torch. Brice, the tribe has spoken. Time  for you to go.  Jeff: Well, in losing your first challenge and voting out your first member,  you've gotten your first taste of how this game is really played. The question  is how quickly will you recover. Grab your torches, head back to camp, good  night. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs,  jeff: Next time on "Survivor":  we can easily throw this.  Jeff: The brawp tribe is looking to blindside one of their own.  So let's just throw it today. Let's get him out.  Jeff: And one challenge leaves everyone a little banged up.  Uh-oh!  Oh!  Aah!  Jeff: That's gonna leave a mark.  I definitely am a little upset with Jeremiah. He definitely kind of betrayed  by trust. But I’m sure he doesn't really understand what happened. I’m surprised  he can even spell my name. But clearly they wanted the cutest most  fashionable member out first and I’m glad to take that title with bells and  whistles on. I hope Morgan does well. The rest of the people I don't remember  their names.