<br/>jeff: Previously on Survivor, 18 new Survivors were divided into 3 tribes,  brawn versus brain versus beauty and in 8 days it is anything if predictable.  At the brawn tribe Tony went from playing alone.  I'm by myself, me, myself, my idol and i. Now there are four of us.  Jeff: To building several different alliances.  I got youring ba, I’m all you got and you're all I got.  Jeff: Even lying to a fellow cop to get his way.  That was a lie. Just so I could try to get her on my side.  Jeff: The brain tribe was a disaster.  How did we come up with the criteria for brain? I would like to see that  data.  Jeff: And for the beauty tribe, nothing could go wrong. But at the immunity  challenge everything changed.  The beauty tribe is falling part.  Jeff: For the first time the brain tribe didn't lose.  Brain tribe wins immunity.  Jeff: And the beauty tribe lost their first immunity challenge. Facing tribal  council Jeremiah was caught in between two alliances, Alexis, Jefra and lj  and Brice and pore began.  I'm out.  At tribal council, he sided with the numbers.  .  Jeff: Third person voted ou of "Survivor: Cagayan", voting out Brice  and leaving Morgan all alone at the bottom. 15 are left who will be voted out  tonight?  It took a lot out of me.  I'm emotionally paralyzed right now.  I'm just pretty mad and frustrated. Jeremiah is just a little cow ard and he  just chickened out. He came to us and then all of a sudden he jumped ship. So  it's a huge possibility that I’m the next to go, I guess, unless I can save  myself.  Jeremiah, what changed your mind? You and Brice came to me with this. Now all  of a sudden today you were all Brice. I’m confused.  My first alliance.  I kind of gave him my word and I felt that was the best route for me to go.  Brice or --  Brice. Scared me.  Morgan confronted me in front of everybody, you know, she was asking me what  changed my mind right in front of everybody. That's fine, you know, it's Survivor,  you know, it was a major decision for me tonight. It's a nerve-racking  decision, so we'll see if I made a bone head play or not.  I don't know. Jeremiah-- until I get lj out of here, he came to me and Brice  was like he is my biggest competition. Like all this stuff. You know, me, lj  --  he's the target.  I'm skeptical about what Morgan is putting out there, that Jeremiah was the  one that was trying to make the plan to get me out. But the way she says it  sounds a little bit realistic. So I got to keep my eyes open for him. Jeremiah,  I don't know. I think I put a big target on his back at this point captioning  brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs  mail.  Can you see yourself as a leader? Can you see when your tribe is about to  fall? Can you see winning some protein when you can't see anything at all?  So it sounds like it's just a reward.  Let's see.  This is an important challenge. Like we're trying to build on our winning  streak. We're trying to show that we are actually a tribe that can play the  game.  Practiceness we can do this.  Got to visualize it now.  Center.  Right.  Keep walking, straight.  Honestly I thought I was going home last time and the time before that. I dumped  the rice out, I’m the reason why we're hungry.  Left.  I really want to help them win food because I put us in this food situation.  So I’m going to be busting ass in this challenge.  Slight left.  Come on guyslrc.  Brain and brawn tribe getting your first look at the new beauty tribe. Brice  voted out, the last tribal council. Guys ready to get to today's reward call  eng?  Yes.  For today's challenge one person will be your caller. The rest of the tribe  will be blindfolded. Using only verbal commands, the caller will address the  pair of blindfolded tribe members to collect five items. Each time you get an  item, you got to bring it back, hoist it up to the caller. Once you collected  all five items, the caller will send you off for one final tribe flag. First  two tribes to get their flag up to the caller win rewards. Normally I would  ask if you want to know what you are playing for but I think you have been  listening to it dow want to see what you are playing for?  Yes.  Jeff: First tribe to finish, three egg-laying hens and a rooster. Second  tribe to finish, a dozen eggs. Not as much but not bad. Third tribe to  finish, nada. Brawn, you have two extra member, sit two people out. Keeping  in mind you can't sit out the same people in back-to-back challenges. Woo an Sarah  will sit out. Beauty you have one extra member.  Morgan sits out for the beauty tribe. Everybody else get a minute to  strategize we'll get started.  Jeff: All right, here we go. For rewards, Survivors, ready. Go!  Go, go, to the left, to the left. Go straight, go straight, five spaces.  Jeff: All about communications.  Spencer has an item for the brain tribe. Lj and Jefra have an item for the  beauty tribe.  A little more. You got it.  Once you get it back you got to get it on that platform and hoist it to the  top. It takes alot of team work, a lot of coordination.  Pull, pull.  Jeff: Just like that it falls right off.  Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. Good, good.  Beauty is the first tribe to get one item back. An hoist it up to its caller.   Keep going, keep going.  Jeff: He sent his tribe to the furthest point to get the toughest one first.  Brain tribe still work on that first item. They're close, Tasha has it. Each  tribe needs to retrieve five items. Plus their flag.  Beauty has their second item.  Tony and lindsay coming back with the first item for the brawn tribe.  Put it on there, drop it, beautiful.  Lj, to your left.  Jeff: The one spot you want to avoid, lj just took it square on.  Is this it.  Yes!  Jeff: Brain tribe with their second item, now they got to head back.  Brawn tribe has their first item.  Let's go.  Jeff: Beauty tribe with air second item, they have it while the brawn tribe  heads out for their second item.  Lindsey takes one right in the stomach.  Go straight.  Lj an Jefra heading back with their third item, great team work by the beauty  tribe. Brain tribe has their second item. They can head back out. Tony and Lindsey  have their second item for the brawn tribe but they got to get it back.  You all right.  Stop, let them go.  Got it.  Jeff: Beauty in the lead. They have their third item.  Let's go, come on, let's go.  Lj getting frustrated.  To the right, lj.  Okay, come on, forward.  Spencer and Kass coming back with their third item, Spencer took one hard in  the same spot lj did.  Got it.  Brawn has their second item. They're heading back out to their third.  Straight, lj, straight. All right, stop lj.  Jeff: Brain is hoisting their item.  Faster.  Jeff: Brain tribe with three, beauty with three and brawn with two, beauty  heading back with their fourth item. Bruises for sure on this challenge.  Come on, heads up.  Jeff: Brawn heading back with their third item.  Stop, stop, turn around, pick it up.  Jeff: Brain is coming back with their fourth item now.  Jeff: Beauty tribe hoisting up their fourth item. Beauty back in the lead  now. Brawn tribe has their third item.  Straight, go straight. You got to hurry, you got to hurry.  Jeff: Brain is pulling up their fourth item.  Jeff: We are tied, brain and brutey with four each, brawn with three.  To your right, to your right.  Straight, straight, straight.  Turn around.  Yeah, let's go.  Jeff: Buttey has their fifth item. Brain has their fifth item. These two have  been neck and neck the entire challenge. Tony has the fourth item for the  brawn tribe.  Jeff: Beauty is back with their fifth item. Spencer and Kass coming back with  their fifth item. Kass runs head on into a barrel. That's going to leave a  mark.  Ready, and-- .  Jeff: Neck and neck, buttey and brain. Brain tribe loses their item. Beauty  back in the lead, looking for one more item, their tribe flag. Brain just  made a costly mistake.  Let's go. We behind, we got to push it.  Jeff: Once again the brain tribe trying to get that fifth up. Tasha has t  brain is now heading out for their flag.  Two, one.  Jeff: Brawn with their fourth item, they've got it up. It is beauty in the  lead. Brain tribe behind. Brawn falling out of it.  We got to move. We got to move!  Straight, straight.  Jeff: Lj and Jefra have the flag for the butte eye tribe, they are heading  back. Brawn coming back with their fifth item, they better move. Lj and Jefra  very close to finishing this challenge and winning.  Flag, flag, flag.  Turn around, turn around.  Jeff: Beauty tribe back with their flag, this will do it if they can get it  up top. Spencer have their flag, they're heading back. Two tribes win  rewards. Beauty, really close. Closer and closer. Alexis has the flag. Beauty  wins reward. Three egg laying hens and a rooster.  One, two.  Jeff: The fifth item for the brawn tribe, brawn heading out for their flag.  You need to run. Brain tribe already has it but the brain tribe has had a  hard time getting their items to the top.  Right, right. Stop.  Jeff: Brain is back with their flag. Lindsey looking for their flag. Can they  get to it in time and get back s the question.  Pull it back a little bit, there you go.  Jeff: This challenge slipping away. Tony waving his arms wilely. Brain has the  flag on their platform.  Stop, stop.  Jeff: But once again it falls off.  It fell out.  Jeff: Brain falling part at the platform stage. Tony and Lindsey have the  flag. Brawn tribe, you're still in it.  Hurry, hurry!  Pull it to your right there you go, like that, no, there, no.  Jeff: Jtia trying to straighten it up on the platform while Tony and Lindsey  hustle back. We got a challenge going! Oh, Lindsey takes it again. Falls  down.  Hurry, you guys.  That is the flag to your left.  Let's go.  Hurry you guys.  Let go of it.  Jeff: J tia is panicking. Brain tribe cannot get it on the platform this  would be an incredible comeback and a huge setback for the brain tribe.  Get up, get up.  Jeff: Unbelievable, brawn tribe has it on the platform.  Brawn tribe, hoisting their flag.  One, two, one, two.  Jeff: A huge come from behind win, brawn finishes second. The brain tribe  loses this challenge. When they had it in theirãi grasp. You never give up in  this game.  Oh, that was tough.  We did a good job.  Jeff: Beauty tribe, great communication, huge effort, big reward. Three  egg-laying hen, one rooster, come get your reward, grab your stuff, head back  to camp and enjoy. Brawn tribe, good come from behind effort. Grab your  stuff, head back to camp. Enjoy your eggs. Brain tribe, massive blown  opportunity. Spencer, you couldn't get your-- up fast enough in disgust.  It is frustrating. We were so close. We expected to win so it's a huge  letdown.  Jeff: Brain tribe, got nothing for you, grab your stuff, head back to camp.  Its reward challenge. Thises with a fun one. It picked up the group a little  bit and kind of brought us back that we're here to win, to compete. And we  can win.  This was a good day, y'all.  It is easier when the tide is right, spend some time on the reef today, you  could have protection tonight, something solid is the idol. Very hidden, but  not too deep. And requires that you get wet.  The immunity idol clue.  Jeremiah reaches in the bag and he's found a clue to the idol. Unfortunately  everybody is standing there. The clue was so precise, thank god I have it  because it would have been found today and it would have been a group idol  and it would have been a huge problem.  I don't think we've i've ever been close to a live chicken.  Does the rooster have to get it on with one of the hens to make eggs.  I was wondering that.  No.  The eggs keep happening.  Yes.  So what is the rooster for?  There has been some talk about how this egg check enprocess works. But I really  think everyone is just pretending to know and they don't know. Because  they're --  what makes them make eggs.  Because they have to be in a thing like a-- heat lamp.  Nobody knows how a check enis born. I just-- I don't understand. I can't even  believe that some of this stuff comes out people's mouths.  Are you kidding me.  Oh, so like another --  oh.  We have the stereotypical beauty tribe. And it is just so unfortunate.  All I know is it tastes really good.  We all know the egg came first because dinosaurs had eggs. They were before  the chicken so --  you are going to be tasty, I’m sorry. You do the honors or you want me to do  it.  You all are going to do it.  Just in case.  It's kind of tough because after tribal I got to do my-- kind of stay just a  little bit on their good side. I’m trying to step up and try to do as much as  I can.  Oh god. &gt; oh my god.  Is that his head is off.  It kind of ripped off.  Chick he ens don't need a brain to function. That was gross.  Jeremiah you wearing that like you done that a time or two.  I hope I earned some major points, I may have been raised in the country but  I don't know anything about chickens. I’m a model.  Jeremiah killed the chicken that is cool, I get to eat it now. I appreciate  it.  This is the best idea we have had since we've been here. But at the end of  the day I still don't like Jeremiah at all. He is a big fat liar. I don't  really understand why he is on this tribe. I don't think he is that beautiful  and we're supposed to be a beautiful tribe.  It has to stick together.  Of course we're going have to stick together. Sooner or later there's going  to have to be some --  no offense, you are a dude, you aren't very emotional.  Oh, come on.  No, I don't.  They are so tight. They want to get rid of me, overtonee. If you mess with  me, I will mess with you way worse. And so I just, I want to get Cliff out.  The thing is like he doesn't need the money.  Hey.  And if we lose, him next?  That's a big move that needs to be made in the game.  We're young.  I agree.  You surprised me that he would flip on Cliff. He just has this laxidasical  demeanor about him.  Me too.  You want to win bad enough, it's just a feeling. It's a vibe but I think  we're solid.  I like the idea that the opportunity for us to get to know is so much  grander.  Than him.  He's got that angle.  I look up to Cliff in a big way, he's a basketball superstar. I have been oy  dollizing for a long time. But it would be nice for one of us to achieve that  million dollar success other than Cliff.  When you say his name, that means it's time.  Hey, let's count on it, all right.  I'm just trying to affiliate myself with the majority. And when the  opportunity is presented to me, I got to take it.  At the end of the day I want --  i agree.  Tony.  I saw Woo and, sr. A whispering something. What is going on. So I go up to  them and they look like this. Like a deer in headlights as soon as I walked  up. I pulled him to the side what is going on.  Are you sure?  I am positive.  A few days ago I went to Sarah and I fed her a lie that I heard Cliff and Lindsey  talking about her. From that moment on I think I changed the game by having  her on my side so I believe now that she's part of my alliance.  You tell me the true thing, I’m trust on the strength of your word. If you  tell me truthful but I don't trust him.  As far a sar is a concerned Woo is on her side so I believe he's then on my  side so we're in an a flins of four against Cliff and Lindsey.  Everything I love.  My back on you.  She had me swear on my badge which that doesn't mean anything to me swearing  on pie badge. I’m here to lie, cheat and steal, whatever I have to do I’m going  do, as simple as that.  Cops at the end you have never seen that.  Check this out.  Stranded on an island. It's always sink or swim. Today you can't sink the  shark, tribal council could be grim.  Take the shot, baby. Take the shot.  We have an immunity challenge today. And it might be basketball. So I’m sure  everybody is going to expect me to be able to make the baskets because I did  play basketball.  Sounds like fun.  18 years in the nba, I was in the top ten of any player that ever played in  the nba in games played. I played more games than michael jordan, magic  johnson, larry bird. So hopefully it's a walk in the park.  This is the-- first of all, Lindsey won't compete. So me, you and Woo can  easily throw this.  I always sensed I would never throw a challenge because it doesn't work out.  However we cannot risk merging into two tribes and having Cliff still here.  I've never flown anything, that's such a weird feeling for me. But coy do t  trust me.  I know it sounds stupid like why get rid of numbers but he's not our number.  That's why. It's him and Lindsey.  I heard Cliff wants me out. And so I’m screwed if Cliff is still here. If it  looks obvious like we're throwing it, who cares because he's going. The  problem is just going-- getting Woo on board.  Trisha is on board with that.  What if we end up merging.  Throwing a chall seng not smart. Some of these guys might want to. But Cliff  and I have been extremely close. And I can just picture it now. Shooting  baskets. Look at the jump shot, it is undeniable. Alongside with pie buddy Cliff  but that's not how the majority of my core alliance feels. So what do I do.  Oh, man.  Jeff: Are you guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge.  Yup.  Jeff: First things first, walk the idols over and toss them to me. Spencer,  once again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge you're going  to dive down and re-- release a buoy.  You have it you bring it back and the next person goes. Once you collected  all five buoys you will throw those buoys into your basket. The first two  tribes to get all five buoys in their basket wins immunity. Safe from the  vote. Loser goes to tribal council where somebody will be the fourth person  voted out of this game. Brawn, you have two extra members. Who are you going  to sit out keeping in mind you cannot sit out the same people in back-to-back  challenges.  Tony and Lindsey vz Tony and Lindsey will sit out. Beauty you have one extra  member who is it going to be.  Me.  Jeff: Alexis sit out. Everybody strategize. We'll get started. All right. For  immunity Survivors ready. Go!  That first one is about three feet down. This will be the easiest. Lj up  first for the beauty tribe. J’Tia still working. She can't get it. Woo up. Jefra  up with the second buoy for the beauty tribe. Only three feet down, J’Tia  can't get it she's going to swim back costing them a ton of time.  Still working for the brawn tribe. Tasha going now, trying to get the buoy  that J’Tia couldn't. Brain tribe once again out of it early. Sarah finally up  with the buoy for the brain tribe. Cost them a lot of time. And she has it. Tasha  headed back. Morgan has the third buoy for the beauty tribe. Trish now in the  water for the brawn tribe. Tasha gets the first buoy for the brain tribe. It  is Trish now struggling. Jeremiah heading in the water now for that fourth  buoy for the beauty tribe. Kass comes back empty-handed. The second brain  member to come up empty-handed. Spencer going to try to get something going. Jeremiah  back with that fourth buoy for the beauty tribe. Trish coming up empty handed  for the brawn tribe allowing the brain tribe to get back in this. Spencer  comes up with the second buoy for the brain tribe. Lj goes for that fifth and  final buoy, Tasha going for that third buoy. Cliff now going for that third  buoy for the brawn tribe. Tasha comes up and she's empty-handed. Lj down to  15 feet and back quickly with the fifth and final buoy. Get in the water,  start shooting. Beauty tribe dominating. Brain tribe still looking for their  third buoy. Spencer has the third buoy, they're neck and neck. It is Jeremiah  and pore began throwing balls. Jeremiah scores the first one. Spencer back in  the water for the brain tribe. Jeremiah scores a second point for the beauty  tribe. Woo now has to get down 12 feet for that fourth buoy. Spencer back  again with another buoy. Spencer has single handedly keeping the brain tribe  in this. Injury moya scores the third buoy for the beauty tribe. Woo comes up  with the fourth buoy for the brawn tribe. The 15 feet down, Spencer up with  the fifth and final buoy for the brain tribe. Jeremiah with the fourth. Like  a carnival game.  Beauty tribe wins immunity, safe from tribal council. We're looking for one  more tribe, Spencer back with the fifth buoy for the brain tribe and he is  flat out exhausted. Brain tribe can now start shooting. Woo will now have to  get down to 15 feet to release that fifth buoy. Brain tribe now has another  problem. Neither of the women in the water did can get the ball back to Spencer.  Woo is still under the water for the brawn tribe. Can he come up with a buoy.  Woo has the fifth buoy for the brawn tribe. You got to get it back. Spencer  scores the first one for the brain tribe.  Come on, Woo.  The most unlikely tribe is still in this game. That's it. Brawn tribe, you  have all five. You can now start shooting. Spencer scores the second for the  brain tribe. And it has come down to a showdown between Spencer and Cliff.  Brain tribe has two. Brawn has all five to go. Spencer in and out. Cliff  scores the first one for the brawn tribe. You have got to husband fell you're  a rebounder. J’Tia loses the ball for the brain tribe. You've got to get that  ball back quickly or they can't shoot.  Cliff scores the second for the brawn tribe. We're tied 2-2. Cliff with the  third for the brawn tribe. Spencer, still waiting on the ball. Frustrated.  Make your passes good, you're costing time.  Cliff scores the fourth one. One left for the brawn tribe, is this it? No. Spencer  scores the third for the brain tribe. It is 4-3. Cliff in and out. Spencer  with the fourth. And it is in and out. There it is. Cliff scores the fifth  point for the brawn tribe. Brawn wins immunity. Sending the brain tribe to  tribal council once again. Here you go, Alexis. Immunity for the beauty  tribe. Brawn tribe. No tribal council for the brawn tribe. Brain, big effort,  came up a little short. Tribal council once again where one of you will be  the fourth person voted out of this game. See you tonight at tribal council.  Dude, we tried so hard to blow that challenge. Seriously, brain tribe, I tried  to help you out. But that team sucks. They deserve to lose after that. That  is all I can say.  Kicked butt.  Kicked butt.  I mean I’m disappointed not at any one person. I’m just disappointed we lost.   I do feel a bit gypped that I have to go to tribal council when I’m doing  very well in the challenges and it's really my team that's doing poorly in  the challenges.  Spencer, you rocked it.  Yeah, you killed on this one.  It was just so close.  It was superclose.  The worst part about being on this tribe is the girls have succeeded in  putting themselves in a power position. The problem is by doing that, they've  run the tribe into the ground.  J’Tia keeps messing up in challenges.  It's beyond frustrating. So history's definitely not in my favor.  I'm a good in challenges. You think that's fair.  Yes.  I think that J’Tia is poor asset in challenges. If we keep losing and we ge  get-- we are all in trouble you know.  Exactly.  I think the best way to help us win is to get her.  I don't know if they are patting pie back on the way out the door or actually  trying to bring me back too the fold.  You can't try any logic to getting rid of Spencer.  At this point no, at this point no.  If I could, I would.  Probably, J’Tia just can't do anything.  Right.  We can't win with her.  Yes, we'll get picked off one by one if we do not have the strongest tribe  and that's you, Spencer and i.  I'm happy with our decision. Get rid of J’Tia. It makes sense. If we have  another challenge, we have a strong guy with us. As opposed to someone we  know has a propensity for failure.  I don't want to tell him he's safe.  No, absolutely not.  I want to play it like it's him.  I want to J’Tia to feel supersafe.  I'm still pissed about the rice.  It is hard because I like Spencer.  If we have a merge or something, he'll flip with the men.  It's about being able to trust people, at some point in the game you have to  trust someone. And I don't trust Spencer.  Pie big thing is I’m loyal. But I threw rice in the fire. I have been holding  on with my fingernails leak the cat on the poster. Hang in there, that's me.  So my best bet now is to hope my alliance sticks.  If there is a swap tomorrow, I trust you guys more than --  like you guys have gone to bat for me and whatever, if we get mixed up,  however, I got you too.  I believe that. I feel that way more than --  initially my thoughts were to vote J’Tia out but I believe J’Tia is a loyal  person.  Thank you, ladies and you never know, jeff could throw a curve ball in this  game where you need a loyal person. That is something to consider the  question is are we in this game to win challenges or to go as far as we can  go with the people who are loyal.  If there is a mix up, I guarantee you we can count on J’Tia.  The interesting thing about tosha, she is like a pendulum, over here one  minute, over here t might change again before tribal five times.  And I want to let her go but then I stop and think for the longevity of this  game is it the wisest thing to do. I wanted to talk it out with you because I  could be totally off, Kass.  It's a risk, either way.  Tosha can't stop thinking about it to me just make a decision and live with  it. But that's my life. I have to make decision for people and live with them  all the time. So am I the hatchet man nor J’Tia or Spencer. I can live with  either decision. Either one is the same gamble to me because I can't predict  what is going to happen tomorrow .  Jeff: So J’Tia where dow fit in this group in terms of responsibility for  losses.  Honestly, today in the water, I did the absolute best I could. So really-- in  high stress informations I usually rise to the topment I do think I have  physicality. That is not me. Swimming is just not my thing.  Jeff: Tosha, does that ring true to you that J’Tia has been weak once, which  is today.  No, J’Tia has been weak in most of the challenges, jeff. When we go into the  challenges, we do have to find a role for her that is the most minimal role.  Jeff: J’Tia what does that feel like to hear from somebody who is saying if  we could get rid of the weak link it would be J’Tia.  I think I have been the weakest in challenges. I don't think she said I was  the weak link, that's a big difference. In Survivor it's not just outplay,  it's also outwit, so you have to think about that.  Jeff: Although you left one aspect out which is you have to last long enough  to outlast the others and at the rate you're going, none of you will be there  at the end.  No.  Jeff: That's really the dilemma, isn't it, tosha.  That is the decision. Do we go with our strong challenge member, experiencer  who kicked me out of the alliance with he and Garrett or do we go with the  person who has proven her loyalty.  Jeff: Kass, what happens when you factor in that J’Tia threw out 95% of your  rice into a fire.  I look at the fire and the rice incident as an emotional response, not as a  sign of disloyalty. I just think she's a hot head. But I get her. I mean I was  a hot head too. And that doesn't mean I’m not loyal it just means I make some  bad decisions.  Jeff: The problem with bad decisions is they can cost you a million dollars  in this game.  Right, tonight I may make a really bad decision. That weighs on me heavily  right now.  Jeff: So Spencer, how does this sit with you?  Well, I mean I think the rice doesn't bode well for her. You know, maybe you  do have signs of loyalty but unpredictability is just as dangerous as  disloyalty at times. I’m to the going to make a dumb mistake like that and I will  be with this group going forward.  You said that once before so I mean --  right, and I thirx I mean I can't get around that I was the bone head who was  on the wrong side of the vote last time.  Jeff: J’Tia are you and Spencer away that while you're talking to each other  that Kass and tosha are talking to each other.  I hear them whispering in front of me. I know what we spoke about before we  came here. I hope that the alliance can stand.  Jeff: Spencer, they jus just-- nodding.  It's crazy as a viewer, I think I would love it right here, right now. It's  pretty scarer.  Jeff: Kass, you seem to be enjoying this.  I love Survivor. So like if you are's sitting watching this, I’m the one  going don't do something stupid, tosh, don't do something stupid, Kass. But  what is stupid?  Jeff: That's the question.  That is the question right now.  Jeff: So look at you, Spencer what does that feel like as a superfan of the  show and you didn't even get a chance to really play.  I mean it's devastating. And right now I would do anything to avoid that, you  know.  Jeff: Tosh is not even listening to you. She's looking at Kass an they're  looking for what's the decision. It's happening right now.  Well, I want to say that I’m loyal to you two. I want to help you guys win  challenges. And you know, all I’m asking for is a chance.  Jeff: All right t is time to vote. Kass you're up.  I've never been this nervous in my life. I know is either you and me so it's  really no decision.  I've been living in borrowed time since I spilled that rice.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so. All right, once the votes  are read the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the  troibal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, J’Tia. Spencer.  J’Tia. That's two votes J’Tia. One vote Spencer. One vote left. Fourth person  voted out of "Survivor: Cagayan", J’Tia, you need to bring me your  torch.  Good luck, you guys.  Thank you.  Thanks.  Jeff: J’Tia, the tribe has spoken. Time for to you go.  Well, for all the ups and downs of this tribe, the one thing that has  remained consistent is your unpredictability. Hopefully this new tribe  configuration will bring you some stability because you need it. Grab your  torches, head back to camp. Good night. Captioning brought to you by Survivor  productions, cbs, &gt; next time on Survivor.  The brain tribe is --  how my team played this game is ridiculous...r the crap for brain tribe.  But a twist brings new life.  Brains, brawn and beauty is no more.  I'm not surprised they voted me out. I threw almost all of their rice away  and was weak in the challenges. Those are two really good reasons to vote me  out. What you can say. I feel two ways about it I wish them the best of luck  and half of me hopes they starve. But so is life. You live and learn, you  make mistakes. You grow. I’m just going to grow outside the game.