<br/>jeff: Previously on "Survivor"... The tribe has spoken.  At the beauty tribe, Morgan lost her only ally and was up against an alliance  of four.  There's a huge possibility that I’m next to go. I guess I just got to save  myself.  For the brawn tribe, winning was becoming routine. Brawn wins.  Jeff: It couldn't stop cracks from forming.  You can trust me.  Jeff: At the last community challenge -- Spencer, in and out -- the brain  tribe continued their tradition of losing. The brain tribe to tribal council  once again. And at tribal council -- at the rate you're going, none of you  will be there at the end -- there dilemma was clear.  Do we go with our strong challenge member, Spencer, or do we go with the  person who has been more loyal?  Jeff: In the end, they chose strength. J’Tia, brick me your torch. The tribe  has spoken. 14 are left. Who will be voted out tonight.  Our fire is still going.  Oh, my god.  All right. Hugs to both of you.  That was so intense.  Oh, my god.  I have never been so nervous. I couldn't be happier right now to still be in  the game. I thought I was going home today. This game changes like that. Now  I’m rising back up. It's a complete roller coaster ride, and I’m just happy  that I haven't fallen off the roller coaster yet. I don't know what all went  into your decision. I can't... Like you guys are intense, making decisions at  tribal.  I just knew if we kept her we would be back there in three days and  regretting it. I just had that feeling in my gut.  It's a crazy tribal. We had last-minute tribal vote switch. It just hit me.  We guarantee a loss if we keep J’Tia, but if we go with Spencer, he kicks  butt and I need to win, but how my team has played this game is ridiculous.  We're noted the brain tribe. We're the crap-for-brain tribe, just a rolling  logjam mess with a couple nerds on to be.  This could be the final three. The only thing between that is two entire  tribes.  Is that it?  That's it.  No problem, man.  What's up?  Not much.  Ready to keep on?  How about we see what tree mail has to say.  No!  You're craving the taste of sweet victory.  Oh.  At least that is how it is seeming. To be denied this flavor sensation,  you'll be dragged away kicking and screaming.  Food.  The decision to keep Spencer will be tested today. We keep saying, this is  the best combination of people, this is the strongest tribe we have. Well,  the rubber will meet the road today.  This is our opportunity to come back.  The start of the comeback.  The brain tribe has been through so much, and if we come out with a victory,  I think people will start thinking again about how strong this brain tribe  really is.  Bianca: Come on  jeff: Come on, in guys. Brawn and beauty tribe getting your first look at the  new brain tribe. J’Tia voted out at the last tribal council. All right,  everybody. Drop your buffs. Brains, brawn and beauty is no more.  Oh, man.  Oh, man.  Jeff: Brain, brawn and beauty is no more. We're going to form two new tribes.   Jeff says "drop your buffs" and my head... It took me probably six  days to figure out who I can trust out here. Now I have to start all over.  Jeff: Everybody is going to take a covered buff. Don't open it yet. Take  whichever one you want. We're drawing for two new tribes, so you're looking  for orange or purple. Everybody open your little package and see what buff  you have. Brain tribe all sticking together. A lot of the brawn tribe  sticking together. Take your spots on your new mats, get to know your new  tribe.  Alexis. Nice to meet you.  Jeff: All right. We have our two new tribes. Spencer, Morgan, Kass, Tasha, Jeremiah  and Alexis. The new Solana tribe, Cliff, Jefra, LJ, lindsay, Tony. So, Sarah,  you're the only one of your tribe to stay. What do you make of this new  tribe?  It feels like I’m the odd one out. My entire tribe just walked away from me.  Jeff: Tash, yeah this is exactly what you prayed for, to start over.  It is. I’m so excited right now looking at this tribe. I think we will be  very strong in challenges. I’m so excited, jeff.  Jeff: Jefra?  Yes, sir.  Jeff: Almost the entire brawn tribe is together except for you and LJ?  Right.  They definitely got us with numbers, but I’m excited to be teamed up with the  brawn, they're supposed to be the best and the strongest and maybe there will  be some cracks that LJ And I can fit in somewhere.  Jeff: Cliff, what does this do to the game?  Well, it definitely shifts people's thought process and where they were with  their particular alliance, if they're going to continue to try to work those  alliances or try to create new ones.  Jeff: All right. Should we get to our first reward challenge as a new tribe?  Yeah.  Jeff: For today's challenge, one person is going to hold on the a pole. On my  go, two members from the other tribe will attempt to remove them from that  pole and drag them to the finish line. The first tribe to get the tribe  member from the other tribe across the finish line scores a point. First to  two wins reward. Want to know what you're playing for?  Yeah.  Jeff: It is big. It is beautiful. You are going to love it. [all reacting]  coffee, doughnuts, chocolate chip cookie, blueberry pastries, cinnamon roll,  brownies. It is a great way to celebrate the first victory of the new tribe.  Give you a moment to strategize. We'll get started. First round, all women,  attacking for apari is Morgan and Sarah. They're going to be trying to get Lindsey  off of that pole and off the line. Attacking for Solana, Trish and Jefra.  They'll be attempting to remove Tasha. Here we go. Survivors ready? Go. Tasha  and Lindsey digging in. Jefra and Trish starting on Tasha. Sarah and Morgan  start in on Lindsey. You got to get 'em free of that post, and then you got  to get them all the way across the sand. Lindsey, they have her arms free, Morgan  sitting on top of Lindsey while Sarah works on her legs. Tasha hanging on. Trish  and Jefra cannot budge Tasha. She's got a good grip.  Keep it up, Tasha!  Jeff: Sarah has Lindsey's leg free. Morgan and Sarah have Lindsey free of the  post. Now they have to get her back. Lindsey graking back on again. It's  getting very physical between Lindsey, Morgan and Sarah. Trish and Jefra now have  both arms off that pole for Tasha. Morgan and Sarah have Lindsey now free of  the post, but she's still digging in that sand. Lindsey making it very  difficult for Morgan and Sarah. It's a great first battle. Sarah and Morgan  slowly working Lindsey to that finish line, but she's putting up a big, big  effort. Lindsey back on her feet. And back down again. Tasha is locked in. Trish  and Jefra cannot get her off of that post. Sarah and Morgan getting closer  and closer to getting Lindsey across that line. There it is. Apari scores the  first point! Next round, two men, one woman, attacking for apari is Spencer  and Jeremiah. They're attempting to remove Cliff from the post. Attacking for  Solana is LJ And Trish having to run again. They'll be attempting to remove Alexis  from her post. Apari leads 1-0. We're playing to two. Here we go. Survivors  ready? Go! Cliff is a big fella. Got a lot of weight and a lot of height and  a lot of body, but Jeremiah and Spencer are getting in right away. Alexis  completely unmatched. Doesn't seem fair. LJ Dragging her. Alexis quickly off  the pole. She's kicking but she's not going to do any good. There it is. Solana  scores. We are tied 1-1. Final round. Two men, one woman, each strike has put  up their strongest competitor. It will be Cliff back on the post for Solana.  Attacking will be Spencer and j.r. Maya. On the post for apari Sarah and  attacking against Sarah, lindsay and Tony. Winner of this scores reward. Here  we go. Survivors ready? Go! This is it. Take everything you have to hold on  or the remove, depending on your role. Lindsey has both of Sarah's arms off. Tony  has her legs off. Spencer and Jeremiah have Cliff's arms off. Spencer's  trying to get his legs out. This time Spencer and Jeremiah making a little  progress. Cliff has his feet locked in. Sarah fighting hard against Tony and Lindsey.  They're dragging her but she's making it tough. Spencer is trying to separate  those feet from Cliff. Jeremiah is sitting on top of Cliff. Tony now lifting Sarah,  literally lifting her. Cliff just laying back saying, go ahead. Give it a  shot. Sarah fighting back now. She's not giving up. Sarah giving Spencer and Jeremiah  a lot of time on Cliff, and it's working. Spencer now has Cliff's legs free. Tony  pulling Sarah again. She's lost both her shoes. Very close to reward. Solana  could win it. And they do. Solana wins reward! Huge physical effort by  everybody. Solana, congratulation, grab your reward, head back to camp and  enjoy it. All right. Apari, have nothing for you. Grab your stuff, head back  to camp.  It's nice to upgrade from the moms to the hot girls, but at the same time,  it's tough to keep losing. Everything with the brains seems to go wrong  somehow some way.  Good job on that first reward, guys.  Yeah.  We won a challenge. Good news. The reality is it's bad news. Jeff and I are  outnumbered 5-2 by the brawn tribe. I do have an idol I could play, but that  would only buy me a few more days and then I’m gone, so my only hope is that  they absorb me as a team member as opposed to a threat.  We're trying to figure out what all you all do.  What did you guess?  Are you a hairdresser? The scissors.  You've got to be a surfer.  I'm martial awts trainer.  Where are you from?  From massachusetts.  I heard you say you were from montana or colorado.  I find out LJ Was from massachusetts, which I never would have guessed, and I  am, too. That brings us a connection. You went to saugus high? What year did  you graduate?  '97.  I thought the beauty tribe looked high maintenance. LJ Is laid back. You can  tell he's a gentleman. He's a boston boy. That's probably why I thought he's  a nice boy.  I was like,er wanted to get a horse.  I think LJ's a really handsome guy, but I could be his mother. I’m not mrs.  Robinson.  When Trish said she was from boston, it was a moment of beaming sunshine for  me. We already have a connection, and if for whatever reason I’m a draw to  somebody a little bit older that's single and, you know, been through a lot  of stuff, whether it's the sex appeal or whatever that she's drawn to, I’m going  to use it to save myself.  I have to get out more, what's twerking.  I'd like to see Trish twerk.  No one wants to see Trish twerk, trust me.  Trish is totally exaggerates her laugh around guys and it makes me sick. Like  you're 50 years old, stop trying to get attention from 20-year-old men.  Seriously.  When I saw purple, purple, I was like, oh, come on.  Oh, wow. I feel good about the way things were mixed up today. I was able to  keep five of my original members of my tribe. We can continue moving on with  the people that we have, we're in a great position. The one thing I hate is Trish.  My concern right now is Trish. I don't know what's going on with her and LJ I  just have to really keep an eye on the two of them. It's a must.  High-five.  Thanks, buddy.  If I knew we were going to have gust, we would have cleaned up a little.  You're not the guests. Make yourself at home.  I'm the only original Aparri member on a tribe with three brains and three  beauties. It's definitely a scary position to be in because you don't know  who you can trust and who you can't trust. That's why I wanted to ask on day  one who took the food or did they take the rice.  We have two bags of rice here Trish didn't go for the idol. She went for the  rice.  Garrett went for the idol?  He didn't tell us what happened. We were going to ask about that.  What was the decision?  Take rice or idol?  Sarah outed me when she said Trish picked rice instead of the idol because I chose  the clue and I kept it a secret the entire time, so hopefully I kind of start  fresh with this tribe and no one holds it against me. I went for the clue for  the idol, but obviously I don't have it.  Oh, my god.  Morgan lied day one, and it put a bigger riff, not that she doesn't have 100  red flags already. It told me exactly what I needed to know, which is to not  trust her and never ally with her, so I’m going to protect myself and jump  ship right away.  I wanted to say something to you guys. My closest friend on my tribe was Jefra,  and she's not with me anymore, so I think the only scenario is the safest is  if the four of us stick together. I know it's hard to trust someone right  away, but if I give you my word, I mean it.  I think it's really telling how fast and how almost desperately rexis came up  to us. Now that we see beauty is fracturing a little bit, it puts the brain  in a much better position. The fact that they're this divided shows that we  can play them against each other.  Originally Jeremiah was with us and he flipped and then flipped back and Morgan  lies all the time. The entire game he's never gone to the water well. I think...   The beauty tribe is a very gossipy tribe. They're almost hike high schoolers.  They talk bad about each other, spread rumors. Sometimes right in front of  each other.  LJ And her like cuddle together every night and he'll always ask her to shake  her butt.  Booty shaking.  Yeah. She prides herself on being able to twerk really well.  They just seem to have so little social skills for a tribe that's supposed to  be beautiful and social.  Right now my guess is Morgan would backstab me in a heartbeat.  Are your friends with Alexis.  We were when we first started. And her and LJ Were like this. So I’m on the  outs, you know what I’m saying? I'll go with you all. I'll be a foursome.  As of now the brain tribe is in the best position possible. Initially I thought  we were going to have to battle with the beauties, but there's some  dissension amongst the beauty ranks. So we went from tragedy to what seems to  be a triumph. Just when you think you're out of the game, things switch up  and you're back on top.  The night of that huge storm, did you all get cold? It was freezing, right?  I couldn't feel my hands.  Me neither. I could not feel my toes for like three hours. I was feeling so  great before the switch. I was feeling solid. But when it's just LJ And I with  all the brawn tribe basically, totally different feeling.  What's going on?  LJ And I are not...  You'll pick up on that. She'll come across as a really hard worker. But she's  not.  When Trish was telling me all the alliances and where she stood, it was a  little shocking because it happened pretty fast, so I’m not going to count my  chickens before they hatch, but I think there might be a spot for LJ And I to  squeeze in.  We've been trying to get rid of Cliff, but he can't lose the challenges.  LJ Said you were real tight.  I started this game being very naive, but I’m starting to realize that I have  to start doing what I need to do to get to the top.  Good.  We're good.  From day one I felt like I was the bottom of the barrel. This twists the  whole thing right upside down.  Hey, big man.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to today's immunity  challenge? First thing first, i'll take back the idol. Once again immunity is  back up for grabs. From this point forward we're only playing for one  immunity idolment we'll get rid of the small little brother. We'll keep mama,  or daddy, I’m not really sure. For today's challenge, each tribe will use one  large log to smash through two walls. You'll then maneuver the log through a  table. The first tribe to get their log through the maze and bang the gong  wins immunity, safe from the vote. Losers, tribal council where somebody will  be the fifth person voted out of "Survivor" Cagayan. This challenge  runs six on six, which means each tribe will sit one person out.  I'm going to sit out. Trish will sit out for Solana.  Are you guys good at puzzles.  I really want the play it.  Rock, paper scissors.  All right. Rock, paper, scissors shoot.  Jeff: Rock breaks scissors. Morgan take a spot on the bench. Alexis will  participate. Give everyone a minute to strategize and we'll get started. All  right. Here we go. For immunity, Survivors ready? Go! All six people have to  stay with the log at all times. Neck and neck out of the gate. We're going to  use that log to smash through that wall. Solana hits a dead end. Aparri, it's  harder than it looks, isn't it? Tougher than you thought it was going to  bement you got to get that log up high to break through those 2x4s. Solana  doing a little damage. There you go. Aparri still working. But they're having  trouble just holding that log up. You can kick through as long as you stay  holding on to that log. Solana easing their way through.  Can we switch places?  Yes, you can switch places.  Guys up front.  Jeff: Aparri going to change their strategy and put the big guys up front. Solana  through the first wall. Aparri still working on that first wall. Got to get  through the 2x4s. Solana working on that second wall. Takes a lot of effort.  The logs are heavy. The walls are very strong. Sarah's through. Aparri now  moving on to the second wall. Aparri now is back in this. Solana's lost some  of their momentum. Aparri now changing their strategy with Jeremiah and Spencer  and it's working.  Go!  Jeff: Aparri is starting to slide through. Solana now getting through. We are  neck and neck. It's going to come down to the maze.  Go, go, go!  Come on, come on.  Jeff: Once you get the weight off this log, strip off those handles and start  working on the maze. Solana's started on their maze. Aparri now working on  their maze.  Push.  Left. Right.  Jeff: Solana with a bit of a lead, but Aparri is right behind them.  Back, back, back.  Jeff: Solana makes a big mistake. They're going to have to go back.  Back, back.  Jeff: Aparri makes the same mistake. They have to go back. A lot of working  together. Communication is key. Solana has their nose through. Aparri has  their nose through. Question is, are you right? This should be where the  brain tribe, all of which are on Aparri, does well. Spencer, tash and Kass do  not want to go back the tribal council. Nobody from the brawn tribe has ever  been to tribal council.  Push! Push!  Jeff: Aparri very close. Solana now very close. We are neck and neck again.  Go!  Push!  Jeff: Aparri has it through. Huge victory for the underdogs. Aparri wins  immunity!  Oh, my god. Oh, my god!  That was awesome.  We communicated and we killed it!  How did that happen?  Jeff: Aparri, who wants it?  Tash.  Jeff: Immunity for Aparri, no tribal council, which is a huge change of pace  for tash, Kass and Spencerment grab your stuff, head back to camp and enjoy  the night off. All right, Solana, we'll see you tonight at tribal council  where somebody will be the fifth person voted out of "Survivor: Cagayan."   how could we lose this challenge? It was custom made for brawn. We've got the  numbers. Let's strike now. LJ's a threat, so he's going home first.  I don't know what the hell happened, man. All I know, I was spent at the end  of that.  At the end of the day, we have to give them credit because they beat us.  I hate lose sog much.  We went into this challenge thinking no problem. Brute force. And there's not  even a question that we should have won that challenge. And unfortunately we  didn't, and it puts Jefra and I in a tough spot. Most likely they're going to  try to get me to go home, so unless something happens, I’m screwed.  I get it's a game.  At this point we can keep LJ For challenges, but he's from massachusetts. Trish  is from massachusetts. They have that bond in common, and they've been off on  their own and had conversations, so she's out here playing with her emotions.  And if you get your feelings caught up in this game, that's when foolish  things happen.  We're going to vote for LJ  Hell yeah. I’m just as good maybe even better than he is and ten times better  in the water than he is, so get rid of the strong.  I agree with that.  The former brawn teammate, we're in a good position. Back at the old camp, we  had, you know, some tension, some issues here and there, but now it's a whole  different game, and you have to look at the bigger picture, and what's best  for suss to get rid of LJ Unfortunately the paranoia is rampant right now.  What about Trish in.  Don't worry about Trish? She's that type of person. She enjoys complimenting.  Don't be threatened by that.  They want to get rid of me.  That's what they're saying.  If it came down to it, you're in it?  Totally.  My name's going up there.  Okay. That's all we need to know.  I talked to Trish and she said that she wants to get rid of Cliff. And I was  shocked. Apparently Trish and Tony don't like Cliff, and it doesn't make  sense to me. You're 5-2, you don't need to talk anything. So if what she says  is true, I might not have to play my idol.  That's the plan.  I hope so, Trish.  You trust me?  I do. I don't have a choice.  Okay.  I play with my heart. And I really like LJ He's a gentleman. He gets along  with people. He never gives up. The guy's got it all, but Cliff, he doesn't  do anything. And in 14 days of his entitlement is about as much as my nervous  system can handle, so we're putting Cliff's name down, and the best part is Cliff  doesn't have one single clue. It's really cracking me up.  She's going to flip on us.  She won't flip.  She's going to flip. I swear on everything I love she's going to screw us  over, I guarantee it. So what are you thinking?  What are you thinking?  Cliff does nothing. He never even collected a piece of fireWood, so as far as  I’m concerned, Cliff's first to go. Do you know that in 13 days that man has  not said one word to me, and let's put it this way, when we get to the  mastering we have to get rid of Cliff anyway. He's strong. He'll kill  everybody in all the immunity challenges just on his strength alone. He's got  to go. He is first to go. And then...  Trish pulled me aside and said she wants to get rid of Cliff. We need to cut  the head off the snake, which is crazy. I don't know if she's bipolar or  skitso, I don't know what she is, but there's no reason to do this. We need  to get rid of LJ He has the heart, he has the drive, he has the ambition, the  strategic mind, so he's dangerous.  Trust me.  I trust you, but Jefra and LJ Are on the bottom. We're five deep. It doesn't  make sense. They could wipe us out one by one.  You think Jefra and LJ Are strong?  I don't think so, but maybe the joke is on us.  There's no joke on us.  Here's the deal. I don't like Cliff. I didn't trust him from the beginning. Cliff  is a very influential person, and he wraps people around his finger, which  makes him very dangerous person. But if we get rid of Cliff, I’m putting all  my cards on LJ Do I trust him? Hell no. I don't know what I’m going to do.  What was the conversation?  I just told them act being strong, this and that, and she says, I hope  everything stays solid.  You're not giving me no... You're not feeding me no...  This is what she said, the dynamic has changed. She said, I know the dynamic  is changed.  Listen, Trish can make a move if she wants to.  Not by herself she can't.  Exactly. If Trish wants to make a move, Trish will get voted right out of  here. We need stability. She can do what she wants, and at the end of the  day, it's still four against three.  I know, I know, it's only speculation, but who is going?  LJ Is going. LJ  Okay.  I'm actually looking forward to going to tribal council. Trish really got  caught up on her emotions and so we're going to chop down Trish's new support  system, and we're going to have her come groveling back to her old tribe  mates.  We have nobody else.  I'm nervous about Tony.  Trish is willing to flip. The thing, is I don't know about Tony. The reality  is I don't have a choice, so I’m putting a boatload of trust into Trish and Tony  that they're going to deliver tonight, and when they start to spill their  guts, I will know whether they're playing a game to get me out and then I’m playing  my idol if I need to.  Jeff: For those of you who don't have a torch, go ahead and grab one and get  fire. This is part of the ritual at tribal council because in this game fire  represents your life, and when your fire is gone, so are you. So LJ, after  the tribe switch, you go back the your camp, but you go back with only two  members and five people from the other tribe. Who is really now in charge of  this camp?  You know, I fell like Jefra and I were a little couple that were selling our  home and we have the group that is going to now buy the home, and whenever  you feel like leaving, you just let us know, and we'll be oner way. It was  very intimidating. It was very uncomfortable, but at the end of the day, it's  me and Jefra just trying to entertain as much as we can.  <br/>Jeff: Cliff, you walk up to your new home. You have the numbers. Is life  really that different?  You think it would be just that simple that you keep moving forward with the  numbers, but there's always going to be that person who doesn't feel  comfortable with where they're at, who can't put their emotions aside. And  people have to understand this game is about numbers. At the end of the day,  that's all that matters.  So yung, sounds like somebody in this group of five may do something foolish  and play with emotion. Is that what you're reading into it in.  Yeah, I hear Cliff all the way. You can't let your emotions get the west of  you, meaning you have to trust what you're a part of, you have to stick with  it and going against that, it's only going to put you in a bad situation.  Trish, is tonight's tribal a test of loyalty for the five that were formally  the brawn tribe?  I would say, so yes, absolutely. I think that numbers are important, but  numbers are only important if they're also going to work for you. You know,  if not, then maybe they have to make other arrangements for yourself.  Jefra, this is the only possible news you could want to hear if you were you  or LJ That there's a chance, maybe a long shot, but maybe there's a crack  over there.  Yeah, and I get the importance of having numbers on your side, but at the  same time, this a game all about risk, and somebody's the bottom man in that  tribe, and that bottom man is not going to make it to the top on their own.  Lindsey, the dangerous thing for you is that LJ And Jefra have nothing to  lose.  Right. I mean, I hate to say it, but yeah, I think we all should stick  together. I think we have a better chance because it's not 5-2. It's going to  be the five of us and then the other tribe eventually together. Not including  Jefra and LJ  Cliff, is there something cathartic about finally getting to come to tribal  council.  I look at it like an nba playoff game. The series doesn't really start until  you lose a game. And for old Aparri, we haven't been here. We really don't  know how one another could be truly thinking. So now once you see it, you can  make a r adjustments and keep moving forward.  Are you concerned, Tony, that tonight's tribal could shift the game one way  or another?  Tonight's tribal will definitely shift the game one way or another. After  tonight's vote we'll see if we're going to move forward as a team or we're  going to step backwards or move forward with a different team. It all depends  how to vote goes down.  All right. It is time to vote. You're up.  Sorry, buddy, the last thing you need is to reconnect with your beauty tribe.   Cliff, you can't call the shots forever. I’m hoping not everybody else sticks  with the plan.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want the play it, now would be the time to do ao, all right. Once the votes  are read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave  the tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote LJ Cliff.  LJ Cliff. We're tied. Two votes Cliff, two votes LJ That's three votes LJ Two  votes Cliff. Cliff. We're tied. Three votes Cliff, three votes LJ, one vote  left. Fifth person voted out of "Survivor: Cagayan," Cliff. You  need to bring me your torch. Cliff, the tribe has spoken.  Good luck, guys.  Jeff: Well, you came into tribal council with one big question: Where does  the loyalty lie within this group. I think you got your answer. Grab your  torches, head back the camp. Good night. Captioning brought to you by Survivor  productions, cbs, captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  next time on "Survivor"...  Trish makes me sick.  He doesn't help out at all.  A feud has been building for days.  I cannot stand her.  Jeff: It can no longer be contained.  Everything about you I cannot stand.  Let me make this really clear to you: I don't like you.  She is a bully. I cannot be around her.  Jeff: What's going on?  I got too comfortable with my core alliance. I thought I was staying up on  what was going on around camp, but it's tough, it's tough. It just goes to  show when you think things are going the way you expect them to go, boom, you  get blind sided.