<br/>jeff: Previously on "Survivor." after a surprise switch, bronze,  brain, and boudy were no more. They were divided into two tribes.  I'm the only original aybary member on a tribe with three brain and three  beauties.  Jeff: Over at apari, the former beauty tribe began to turn on each other.  Originally Jeremiah was with us and he flipped and flipped back.  LJ And her cuddled evernight.  Are you friends with Alexis.  <br/>Jeff: The former brain tribe used it to gain control.  The fact that they're this divided shows we can play them against each other.   Jeff: Meanwhile, the former brawn tribe enjoyed a 5-2 advantage over LJ And Jefra.   If we continue with the people we have, we're in a great position.  Jeff: But it couldn't mend old fused.  Trish makes me stick. Like, you're 50 years old. Stop trying to get attention  from 20-year-old men.  Jeff: And at the last immunity challenge, Solana lost.  How does that happen?  Jeff: Facing tribal council, the former brawn tribe was focused on getting  rid of LJ  The four of us are going to vote for LJ  First?  Hell, yeah.  Jeff: But Trish and Tony saw a chance to take out an even bigger threat.  Cliff is a very influential person which makes him very dangerous.  Jeff: And at tribal council, Trish and Tony got their wish, blindsiding Cliff  and his allies. Cliff, the tribe has spoken. 13 are left. Who will be voted  out tonight?  Well, I just want to make a few things on my end clear just because I just  think it's really important. I mean, Lindsey, I just--  Trish, get real.  I'm talking.  Get real, Trish.  Excuse me, I’m talking fora a second. We totally bamboozled Cliff. He was so  clueless he was going to go home tonight.  You guys just screwed up majorly.  And who do you think your alliances are?  I don't have any alliances anymore.  No, you don't. The core alliance was Lindsey and Cliff, period. We got rid of  Cliff, and she's on her own. Let me just make this really clear to you.  Okay.  Moving forward. I will respect you because this is a team moving forward but  I don't like you.  You know what? You disgust me. Everything about you is annoying. Why you were  laugh. Your teeth. Why you were face. Everything about you, I cannot stand.  So how about you just back off a little bit and shut up and not talk to me  for a little while?  So-- so you're telling us you're not on the team.  I'm telling you what, I’m not on your team. I will never be on your team. I think  that you're annoying. I think you're terrible. I think you might be the most  horrific person I ever met in my life.  I have a question for you do you think I’m annoying?  Yes, I do.  You know what, now ask me if I care jai don't care if you care.  Good.  That's the beauty about it. I can leave here and never think of you ever  again.  All right, that's enough. We're done. We all know where we all stand now.  Let's just-- let's try to make the best of it, man. That's it.  Tricia started in on me, and she is a bully. She's got the mouth as big as a  ( bleep ) horse, and emotionally, I don't think I can really take it. I can't  even honestly be--  i'm sorry Cliff is gone, because I know you're going to really miss him and I’m  sorry about that.  Oh, yeah. I do not want to play this game with tricia so I’m going to take  whatever sanity I have left and I’m going to have to figure out what I’m going  to do for the rest of the time because i-- I’m not going to do this. I am not  going to stick around tricia's mouth.  We have no idea where lindy is, man, and it's cold out and it's night.  I hope she's all right, bro.  I'm sure she's just licking her wounds. She's not used to being called out  like that.  Hey, Lindsey.  Hi.  I got a call you wanted to talk. What's going on?  As soon as we got back to camp, Trish just explodes on me with her annoying  mouth.  Jeff: What was she saying to you?  I mean, just awful ridiculous things like-- I just can't even play anymore.  At this point, I can't have someone antagonizing me right now.  Jeff: What riconcerned that's going to happen?  I'm going to flip out on her. And that's why I separated myself from the  situation. I'd rather, you know, cost me a million dollars then for my  daughter to see her mom act like this.  Jeff: So this is-- this is just between and you Trish? It's just a  personality conflict?  But it's so extreme. And I’m cold disprks I’m wet, and I’m hungry. And I know  that, and I’m tired. I get all those things, and I know I’m going to regret  it. I need a million dollars more than anybody here. I can honestly say I can't  take it anymore.  Jeff: You're quitting?  I don't know what else to do.  Jeff: I gotta say, this is a first. No one has ever quit because they were  afraid they were going to do something they regretted and so they took a  moment and said my best move is to just move on.  It makes me really, really sad. This has been a big struggle for me.  Jeff: What was the lowest point?  I think when I walk away from this beach is going to be my lowest point.  Jeff: All right, so how should we tell the tribe?  Well, I want to be the bigger person and say why I’m leaving but maybe it  would be best if I just did a little curtsy here and left.  Jeff: All right.  Jeff: Hey, guys.  Hey.  Oh, it's jeff.  Jeff: Another so, I just want to give you guys a little update.  Lindz disappeared for a while and I was thinking we should go check on her.  She left in her bra and underwear. Even though I don't like her, I didn't  want her to injure herself.  Jeff: I’m here to officially inform you, after losing Cliff in what appeared  to be a big blindside, Lindsey is pulling herself from the game.  I do feel bad because I kind of came down on her but she got nasty and mean.  And she walked away and I’m not the least bit surprised she quit because she  can't live without Cliff.  Just what we expected. You turn the head, the body follows. She was the body,  Cliff was the head, she followed right behind him the exit door. It was a  beautiful thing, two for the price of one.  That, obviously, was a huge, volatile zit waiting to pop, and once it did, I mean,  I think that now we're at the core.  It's almost like, all right, now we can start fresh, here we are.  Prior to tribal council, I was aligned with Cliff and Lindsey, so for Cliff  and lindy to be gone, now it puts me in a really tough position. If we were  to go to tribal council, I could definitely project myself going.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Aparri getting your first look at the new Solana  tribe.  Linldzy?  What!  Jeff: Cliff voted out at last night's tribal council, hours later, Lindsey  quit.  What!  Jeff: Pulled herself from the game for personal reasons. Soara, you can't  contain yourself.  Oh, my gosh! This is-- insane!  Jeff: Alexis, I’m surprised at the emotion. What is it?  I'm happy to see our beauties still standing, you know? I’m happy, of course.   Jeff: Spencer, you're nodding your head, this is good, good news, I like it.  Two people are out of the game and I didn't have have to do anything. It  bothers me that someone quit. I really don't like that. But I’m going to take  it. My odds just got a lot better and I didn't have to do a thing.  Jeff: Just like that the Solana tribe is down to nine members, Aparri is  seven, and the game has changed again. Are you ready to get to today's award  challenge? For today's challenge, you'll square off one on one. You'll  eaching holding an idol. Your job, knock their idol off before they knock off  yours. Every time you do, you score a point for your tribes. First to four  wins reward. Want to know what you're playing for?  Yes!  Jeff: Two members of the winning tribe will follow the losing tribe back to  their beach and perform a camp raid. This is your opportunity to better your  life and inflict a lot of pain on the other tribe. Aparri, you have two extra  members. You cannot sit out the same people in back-to-back challenges. Who  are you going to sit out? Alexis and Kass. Here we go, one man versus one  man. Spencer heading out versus Woo.  Come on, Woo.  Jeff: It's very simple-- you knock their idol off before they knock off yours  you earn a point. Go. Woo and Spencer. Woo smiling, taunting Spencer.  You got this, Woo. Use your focus. Ninja.  Jeff: This is a showdown. Who will make the big move first?  Patience, Woo.  Jeff: Spencer getting closer, taunting Woo now. Spencer goes for it and  succeeds! Aparri scores and leads 1-zip.  Good job, Spencer!  Jeff: Next round, it is Trish for Solana taking on tash for attarra. Go. Survivors  ready? Go. Tony taking on Morgan. Morgan goes after him. But Morgan's drops  first. Solana scores and we're back to the top. A rematch from our first  round.  Come on.  Jeff: This could be it. Spencer and Woo.  Come on, Woo.  Jeff: Woo could win it for Solana.  Got the reach.  Jeff: Spencer has to win in order to keep Aparri in this. Spencer won the  first time.  Come on, Woo! We could revisit our old tribe.  Feed the family, kid.  Come on, spence, think of what we can't lose.  Jeff: Here we go. Survivors ready? Go!  Come on, Spencer. You got it.  Jeff: Woo walks straight at Spencer.  Patience, spence.  Jeff: Spence wer a long reach. Woo not budging. He's coming close.  There you go, Woo, there you go, get him off balance. Woo. There you go!  Jeff: Big move by Woo, but Spencer hangs tight.  You got it, spence.  Jeff: Spencer not backing down. Another show-down between these two.  Go ahead, Woo. Go ahead, Woo.  Jeff: Solana winses reward! Solana congratulations, you're going to select  two people who will leave and go back to Aparri to their camp. Who is it  going to be? Woo and Tony. This is a note. Keep it sealed until you get to  their beach. Then you two read it together away from them. It will tell you  what to do. All right?  Fair enough.  Yes, sir.  Jeff: Tony, Woo, join this tribe.  We'll see you soon.  Jeff: So, Tony, you have an idea, a very good idea of what Aparri has.  I know Aparri inside out, jeff, that's why I’m going.  Jeff: Trish, Jefra, LJ, head back to camp and await the return of your  tribemates with their take. All right, guys, grab your stuff. Head out.  Should make for an interesting afternoon.  There's so much more energy in the camp now that Cliff is gone and now that Lindsey's  gone. We went there and we made a statement. We're less in numbers but we're  high in moral and we showed it to them and we won the challenge. And the  reward today is a tribe raid. So when Tony and Woo came, like, our hearts  dropped.  Hey, welcome home.  Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. We have a note from jeff that we  have to go down and read and we'll be right back, all right?  I came from Luzon, and we were living in pretty bad conditions so when we get  over to Aparri we were, like, this is the lap of luxury, and who knew it  would be so short-lived.  Or the tarp and rope, or the fishing kit.  What do you want to do?  Number one and number three. You can hurt them with the tarp?  Whatever.  Yeah. So after winning today's reward challenge jeff gave us instructions on  what we could do to the tribe and there was a part two. And it was the hidden  immunity idol. Take a stroll along the rocks, much easier when the tide is  right. Spend some time on the reef today. That's for us, right? That's for  us. Woo and myself read it and it didn't per tain to the Solana beach. It  pertained to the Solana where we have a wall of rocks.  I think it will be great to try to oust one of these people, stir up the pot,  and the strongest person on the Aparri team right now is Jeremiah. Here's the  deal. We are not going to take your comfort. We are going to take the fishing  gear. And we have the clue to a hidden immunity idol and we get to elect this  whichone of you guys to give it to. Woo and I both decided we will give it to  Jeremiah. I'll take you to the side over there. Comfort and the fishing  stuff.  Toney and Woo decide to give Jeremiah a clue too a hidden immunity idol. So,  honestly, I think they're sending a signal to Jeremiah that we want to work  with you.  This is the idol clue. You read it by yourself. You do whatever you want with  it, okay. And the fishing net. We just want the fishing net. So I gave him  the clue. Meanwhile I’m sure it was going through everybody's mind at the  tribe, why is Jeremiah getting the clue? What is going on? So their wheels  are spinning like he's going to go find the idol, blah, blah, blah.  Take a stroll along the rocks much easier when the tide is right. Spend? Time  on the reef today. I opened up the clue and interested, and it's the exact  same clue we had at the beaut tribe.  The chosen one.  The chosen one. For some odd reason.  I was, like, you gotta be kidding. You know, Tony and Woo, they don't know me  from adam, they just said, "we've got a hidden immunity idol clue and we  choose Jeremiah. We're going to give it to him."  see you, guys.  I've got six people watching me. They're going to be watching every move I make.  You know what I mean?  I gotta take back the clue.  Hey, guys.  Wooo-Woooo.  Do I see a bag of rice?  We were given a note telling us what we could take.  You couldn't take their rice?  No.  Salt and pepper?  Absolutely.  And the fry pan?  Flied rice!  Tony and Woo brought back tons of comfort items. We have a mosquito net,  pillows, blankets, spices, salt, pepper, things LJ And I haven't got to enjoy  from the very beginning.  This is the best part. This is a clue to an idol.  Here?  Yes.  Yes.  First we read it, and we thought it pertained to that tribe but it doesn't.  This is a wall of rocks and that's a wall of rocks. I told them this letter  told us we get to elect one person from their tribe to give them a clue to an  idol. We called Jeremiah out there so we put a big, illuminating target on  his back.  Tony is playing this game full out. You know, hard core, balls to the walls.  Every way possible. He's lying, stealing and cheating and I’m just glad he's  on my side.  I'm going to tell you guys another thing, too. I am a police officer. I was  only kidding around construction.  I knew it!  That's clever.  Are you kidding me?  I'm not kidding you. I bonded with by any means, and I realize by him  exposing all that stuff, that I do need to be on my toes every single point  in the game.  We are sticking together, the five.  You are-- I love you more now than I did an hour ago.  I know you guys are going to say this guy is a liar. When can we believe him?  This is when you can believe me to the end?  I have to admit something to you guys that I haven't admitted. I’m really a  man.  Oh, I knew it!  Tony and Woo told us that they had a clue to our hidden immunity idol, and  they got to elect one person to share it with. They picked Jeremiah, which  got so many minds thinking, and really stirred stuff up over here. So I need  to clean it up and I need to make things a little bit more clear cut because  the one person right now that I think is the most untrustworthy is Jeremiah. Jeremiah  is so unpredictable. I just think he's so dumb that he doesn't know how to  lie or anything.  Alexis came up to me and it almost seemed like she had planned what she  wanted to say which suggests to me she could be playing us a little bit and I  think Alexis is a little smarter than she thrieks let on.  What I’m worried about is I count seven and I’m not in it.  Yeah.  It's the five of them over there, Jeremiah and Sarah.  I like girls who own how smart they are and what they can do. You know, Alexis  is pretty phony to me. So I think that hurts her. She's not to be trusted of  as far as making moves.  Yeah.  We lost. Why would we get a clue? This is what happened. They won--  so you're thinking it's not a clue.  It's not a clue.  What was it?  It's the same clue we had at the other camp, the exact same clue.  What do you mean? That doesn't make any sense.  The exact same clue. I read it. The clue they got from Tony is the same clue  that we had at the other tribe. He said he had to take it back with him so I handed  it to him, and he took off. Tony's made a mess for me. Now I gotta work my  way through it.  You're telling me they came over here with their clue--  they called me out in front of all of y'all--  i think you're paranoid or something.  Who?  You.  They're wanting you all to vote against me to get me out of here. I’m not  paranoid at all.  Jeremiah's story is tough to buy. What I think is Jeremiah got a new clue. It  was wrapped. It was a real clue. And it looked a clue to an idol that's  actually here. He's not fooling anyone.  Jeff: Come on in, guys!  Jeff: You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yes, sir.  Jeff: First things first, Tasha, I will take it back. Once again immunity is  back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you will use Wooden poles to build  a staircase. You'll race through a bamboo maize. Then down a slide. One  publish upon maneuver a key through a rope obstacle. They'll use the key to  unlock the machete. You'll use want machete to release puzzle pieces. Two  tribe members will then use those pieces to solve a puzzle, which will reveal  three numbers to a combination lock. First tribe to solve their combination  lock and raise their flag wins immunity, safe from the vote. Losers,un the  drill. Tribal council, somebody will be voted out of this game. Aparri, you  have two extra people. Who are you going to sit out? Cannot sit out the same  people in back-to-back challenges.  I'll sit out.  Jeff: Take a spot on the sitout bench, give you a empty to strategize, we'll  get started. All right. Here we go. For immunity, Survivors ready? Go! First  stage is building a staircase. Shortest pieces will be in the front. Tallest  will be at the back. Once it's built, climb up it and start through the  bamboo maze.  Okay.  Jeff: LJ Goes down in the deep mud. It's been raining and this course is  rough. Going to have to really be mindful of where you walk. Solana all over  the place. They've got tall pieces shorter, then taller pieces.  Take this one out. Take this one out. Take this one out?  Tairks it out!  Jeff: Aparri has theirs first. Aparri heading up. Solana still trying to get  it together. Terrible start for Solana. Inous of now ynow you can go. Make  your way through that maze. Just follow it. If it's blocked, you can't go  there. Find the opening.  Come oAparri!  Jeff: Solana working together well. Aparri working together well. Sarah  working on the knot for Aparri. Woo on the knot. Woo is down. Sarah has the  knot undone.  Go, go!  Come on.  Slide, slide, slide!  Jeff: We are neck and neck right now. Three down for Aparri. Everybody down  for both tribes. One person now start working with that key. It's Tony for Solana.  Jeremiah for Aparri.  Come on, Jeremiah.  Come on, Jeremiah! There you go, Jeremiah! Stay with it, buddy!  Jeff: Once you're through, you'll release that key. You can unlock the  machete. Jeremiah has released his key. Unlock that machete. Tony right  behind him. Jeremiah's released the machete. Tony now has released his key. Jeremiah  has the pieces free. Everybody through now.  Let's go! Let's go!  Jeff: Tony still working on that lock. Two people now gather the puzzle  pieces, only two. Tony costing his tribe a lot of time. Tony's got the  machete. And he's released the pieces. Everybody got to get through first.  Now go.  Come on, come on!  Jeff: Aparri's already gathered all their pieces. You're building a puzzle  from the bottom to the top in order. You're looking for three numbers. Those  three numbers will solve the combination. Big immunity on the line.  Here, try that.  Jeff: Aparri now starting to make some progress.  You're looking for 41, you're look for 41, 41.  Turn it over. This one?  Yeah. Put it in there, man. Put it in there.  Jeff: LJ And Woo arguing over which piece goes where. LJ Is certain he's  right. These numbers better make sense or they're not right.  Top of the 9.  Jeff: You might have a piece in there that looks right. &amp; isn't. You need  to make sure you're right.  Or a 67.  Jeff: Both tribes trying to figure out that second number.  What number is that?  67?  That's not a number. Flip it.  Jeff: LJ And Woo now trying another new combination. They're going way back  and starting over. LJ Thinks he may have figured something out.  That's it! That's not it.  You guys, yes, it is.  Jeff: Aparri still debating that second number.  Come on, come on!  Jeff: LJ With another piece and toorg.  We got this! We got this! Solana with another piece.  Jeff: Solana with two more pieces. Aparri starting to panic.  67, come on.  Take your time.  Jeff: They think they've got it. LJ Takes a hard fall.  41.  Jeff: If they're right this will open the combination lock and immunity for Solana.   67.  Jeff: Solana wins immunity.  Yeah!  Yeah! Whooo!  Jeff: Solana, congratulations. Big immunity. No tribal council for Solana.  Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. Enjoy the night off. Aparri, somebody  from this group is going home. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. I'll see  you at tribal council tonight.  Tony yelling out, "top five! We've made the final five!" I counted  five people over there and I wasn't standing over there so I think that's a  pretty tel telltale sign I’m not included in their plans so I guess i'll move  on and i'll make a new alliance. Lost a challenge, and it sucks abuse now we  have to go to tribal, and I hate tribal council. It's, like, the worst place  in the world.  Tony made the dumbest mistake on earth by yelling out, "top five."  right.  That was ridiculous.  Yeah, that was stupid.  We're seven right now, and we'll be six tomorrow.  After the challenge, the new Solana tribe were celebrating and Tony blatantly  shouted, "top five! Top five!"  "top five, baby!" something like that. How you say that in jerz gee  yeah, baby.  We're top five. Look at my muscles? They're still here.  Their confidence really revealed a lot today.  I don't get that. How do you think you're top 5 when you have less numbers?  Lesnumbers.  They gotta think one of the new Aparri is with them post-merge. And the only  other person that anybody from that tribe has talked to is Jeremiah, so I think  that they believe they have Jeremiah as their sixth number. 00.  I'm worried about Jeremiah flipping because they were ranting about their top  5, and they wouldn't do that unless they thought they had the number.  Right.  And the only person they talked to was Jeremiah.  Morgan and myself both know he will give you his word and be not honest about  it. He'll lie about it.  Alexis tries tide to convince us we need to blindside Jeremiah. Alexis is  trying to make us think Jeremiah will flip. I think we're good on it.  I really think it's the safest way to go.  So for sure, you guys, Jeremiah?  And you give us your word for sure.  You have my word on everything everyone can look, no fingers crossed, no  nothing. I will not flip.  We believe you.  So--  the brain tribe can really go either way right now. In a merge situation, Jeremiah  is a liability. It's a question of who's the bigger liability, Jeremiah or Alexis?  Both have connections on the other side. Both could potentially make deals  against us. We'll say yes to Alexis' plan. We'll tell her that Jeremiah being  blindside makes sense for us and then we'll make the decision of what  actually makes sense for us.  I'm just thinking what measures do we need to take to plan for the merge?  For tonight, it does seem that the brains are kind of in control. I mean,  everyone knows we're three tight people and we're going to vote as a bloc. We  could go with Alexis and get rid of Jeremiah or we could vote out Alexis.  Everyone is going to follow our lead so I think the brains are in a great  position and we just needed people to boss around. The brain need a body. We  found our zombies. Now, we're in.  Jeff: Sarah, there's a torch waiting for you. Grab it, dip it in the flame,  and get fire. This is part of the ritual of tribal council because in this  game, fire represents your life. When your fire's gone, so are you. So Kass,  just looking from the outside, you could make the assumption that the three  former brain tribe are together, the three former beauty tribe are together  and Sarah would be in the middle.  That's a pretty correct assumption, jeff.  Jeff: Motherap, beauty tribe, tight?  I mean, I think Jeremiah and I sort of had bumps in the road.  Jeff: Jeremiah?  You know, yeah, I told a lie to Morgan. I decided to vote out Brice, and it  put a big void in between me and Morgan so I backed off from her, just gave  her some space.  Jeff: Kass, looking at the issues between Morgan and Jeremiah, does that give  you a little comfort?  Yeah. You think the pretty people were living a beautiful life, and you learn  it wasn't so beautiful over there. So the brains get a little breath of fresh  air. Despite what we've been through, it brought us together. Whereas what  they've gone through seems to have drichen them apart.  Jeff: Spencer, does this benefit the three of you from the brain tribe?  Yeah, I think it benefits us. But I think what we focus on is fixing the  fractures and going forward way unified tribe.  Jeff: Sasha, Spencer brings up a good point. If you're looking to get to the  end, and you anticipate a merge, it needs to be a tight group because you  don't know what's happening on the other tribe. You can't count on old  relationships.  I think today I figured out I was standing alone. When we're at the challenge  and Tony shouts out, "top 5, find 5!" well, I counted five people  over there, and I don't see Sarah in that. They've clearly moved on without  me. So, you know, it's time for me to cut ties with them.  Jeff: Is that a welcome addition, Alexis, having Sarah say, "i'm done  with the other tribe?"  yeah, it sounds good in theory, but there's also room for someone to still  reconnect on the other side. That's what we have to think about, especially  in tonight's vote.  Jeff: So who's in trouble tonight, Tasha, what are you feel?  Well, jeff, the beauties are in trouble if they're fractured, as they appear  to be.  Jeff: Alexis, tell me about the camp raid.  Well, i'll just say that the most interesting part was when they decide to  pull Jeremiah aside, and we don't know what happened. We don't know if it was  just their way of getting him a clue to the hidden immunity idol, of on our  beach or if it was getting him to talk. We have no idea. So it definitely  stirred stuff up.  Jeff: Jeremiah, what's your version of the story?  They gave me a hidden immunity clue and that put a major target on my back  because it caused everything to go, wow, they just gave Jeremiah a clue,  pulled him to the side and went and talked to him but I saw right through  that. I hope they believe me.  Jeff: Alexis, while Jeremiah is talking you appear to be thinking I do trust  him? This is about trust, isn't it?  It's 100% about trust. That's what tonight's vote is on, and I don't know if  he understands what happened. He thinks it was their way of targeting him,  but that's not what their goal was.  But, jeff, I think the possibility that when we merge Jeremiah or Alexis  could flip over to the other side.  Jeff: Tasha, you are leaning in like you can't get enough of it.  It's very telling, jeff. Both Jeremiah and Alexis could flip and just when  you think one is a more viable option, here comes a second one that makes you  second guess.  Jeff: Sara, you're in the middle, what do you make of this?  Anything that's going to take it off of me right now, I’m good with. I’m solid  with this tribe. But there is one person here that will go to the other side.   Jeff: Alexis, now this time you're nodding affirmatively like I agree.  I agree, I do. The way I see it, is the three of us are the only ones that  have connections on the other side but only two of our words mean something  because we never went back on it once.  Jeff: Meaning you and Sarah.  Yes.  Jeff: Spencer, how big a vote is it tonight?  If we are making the wrong move we are 11th, tenth, ninth, eighth and seventh  place. It is probably the most important decision we've made so far.  Jeff: All right, it is time to vote. Kass, you're up.  It only takes one lie to lose my trust and you've lied, like, 100 times.  You're the one that's going to flip.  There's no doubt in my mind that you're going to flip so you have to go.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has the hidden immunity idol and  you want to play it, now would be the time to do so. All right, once the  votes are read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to  leave the tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Jeremiah.  Alexis. Alexis. Two votes Alexis, one vote Jeremiah. Alexis. That's three  votes Alexis, one vote Jeremiah. Sixth person voted out of "Survivor: Cagayan,"  that's four, that's enough. Alexis, you need to bring me your torch. ( crying  )  jeff: A couple of things clear from tonight's vote. It was a big vote, and  you were unified in your decision to vote out Alexis. The lingering question  as you head back to camp, how deep does that unity run? Grab your torches.  Head back to camp. Good night.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor":  i think something's brewing.  A merge has two alliances fighting for power.  When those five get here, it's us against them.  Jeff: But it's one tribe member who holds all the cards.  There's a solid five, a solid five, and me. I will decide the fate of this  game.  I came out here wanting to go all the way to the end. I’m one of the biggest  fans, and so it really breaks my heart that I can't even make it to the  merge. I can't even get that far. I really thought i'd do better than this. I’m  really disappointed.