<br/>jeff: Preefing on Survivor.  I'm telling you.  Jeff: Two cop, Tony and Sarah made a pact to stay together.  He knows i'll be loyal to him, I know he will be loyal to me.  Jeff: But a surprise switch pulled them apart.  I'm the only original appeari member on a tribe with three brains and three  beauties.  While Sarah new trip had a decision, Tony's was filled with everything sur  voifer has to offer. Two idols.  I'm keeping this until I play this thing.  Jeff: A blindside.  Cliff.  Jeff: And they even saw one of their tribe members quit.  Lynsey is pulling herself from the game.  She was a body, two for the price of one.  Jeff: But despite everything, they won the last immunity challenge.  Solana wins immunity. High five, baby!  Jeff: At tribal council the new Aparri tribe was focused on a possible merge.   Jeff: You are looking to get to the end and anticipate a merge t needs to be  a tight group.  The possibility they will merge Jeremiah or Alexis could slip to the other  side.  Jeff: And in the end everybody thought Alexis was most likely to flip.  Alexis, the tribe has spoken. 11 are left who will be voted out tonight.  Yeah.  I feel great after tribal. Tribal bettered my game.  Top six, top six.  We got it.  We do.  We're motley crew.  Now everyone is buying into the six. If we merge tomorrow, that's the best  news possible for this tribe because right now we control the game. We have  six and they have five.  In case we wake up to a merge in the morning, I think we need to have our  number one and number two picked out. Who is our first person.  Trish right now.  I don't think anyone-- is off the table.  You know what, everyone really gets it, right?  Oh, yeah.  We all understand. We are final six 100% in our hands.  We do. As long as nobody flips.  Final six.  Final six.  This group is allegedly a solid six it if we can all stay strong as a core we  can run the show an take out the less obvious targets like Trish or Jefra.  Top six, how sweet does that sound.  Sounds a hell of a lot better than top five.  It sounds so simple but the best laid plans often end up sprawled out on a  murder scene floor.  I feel like last night was good, everybody's together.  Yeah.  And the key is to be tight-lipped so they have no clue who we are voting for.   The only people that personally I would be concerned about are you and Jeremiah.   It might get ugly around here. Trust me.  If they accuse me of not staying true to my word hit a cord with me. People  don't like to be called a liar and pretty much I got called a liar without  being called a liar.  I've done nothing to mislead you guys in my trust.  I don't think you're flipping. I think you would be stupid --  i'm not, that's why it offends. Me.  What more do I have to do to prove to you to be part of an a-- a alliance  that is where you stop having faith in me and I feel it. When you guys know  that I’m teetering, that going to push me away.  People think the demise of this tribal will be someone slipping. The demise  is-- it will be not trusting people in this tribe. That is what it is going  to be. And that's going to be the end of us.  Yeah.  I did not come on this game as a liar.  When I’m shaking hands with someone, that's what I do.  When I shake a hand with someone, that is what I dom. I’m with you.  Because come here with me.  I'm with you.  All right, I’m good. We don't even need to talk about it again.  In my business we go with the hard evidence. And just because you vote with  us one vote doesn't mean I believe you're true.  11 people left, eight people-- you did what you had to do in my opinion. That  doesn't speak of loyalty that speaks of desperation and a wise move. You  haven't proven anything to me except you're saving yourself. Show me blood on  your hands from a former tribe mate and]g&gt; good morning, Solana.  Good morning, sunshine.  Good morning.  It's hot. Not one cloud in the sky.  How did you sleep, lj.  When I first started this game I wasn't having fun with my tribe member, now  I’m out here with the new Solana and having fun with everybody.  I will let you do the honors. I will hope it.  May 17th and I’m having the time of my life.  Feel how heavy this one is.  But it's kind of boring, to be honest with you. Because there's no scrambling  going on. There is no trickery going on. There's no spying. That's fun for  me, you know.  See what this is.  Pack up all of your essential items you may need for the next 22 days and  head on over to the Aparri camp where you will spend your remaining days in  this game.  Merge, baby.  Congratulations, we made it.  We made it.  We're going to be keep strong.  Done forget what we had over here, what we had going.  I know, it was too good to be true.  Now that we have a merge, it's an a exciting thing and a nerve-racking thing  at the same time because it's six against five. And we can be in trouble.  Thank god I still have that hidden immunity idol in my pocket.  The feeling that I had with this idol, I feel like it's an extra person in my  alliance. We have five plus the idol. If any of my tribes in the Solana 5  need t I will help them out. So I think we're in pretty good shape.  Here we go.  Hey.  You may want to tiddee up camp a bit and make some room.  Yes!  Whooo!  You'll be having guests from the Solana tribe arriving shortly and some of  them may be staying here for the next 22 days.  We made it, you guys.  We are joining tribes. I think it's a merge. I hope it's a merge but bottom  line is the other tribe is coming over. We're all going to be living on the  same beach.  They're coming here.  They may be staying here for the next 22 days, it's going to be the next  three days for one, next six days for another.  I know, we've got the numbers, you guys, we made the merge and we have the  numbers.  When those five get here, it's us against them and I’m to the going to let  anyone forget that.  Guy, think something's happening, I think something's brewing.  Is that a rowboat.  Yup, it is.  They better have food in that boat.  Yeah.  Did you come with food?  We're bringing back everything we took from you. And then some.  Come on over, guys, we'll pass everything over.  When the boat pulled up I was nervous to see my old tribe mates. It was like,  you know, that friend that you from high school that you haven't talked to in  years.  It is good to be home.  I miss that voice.  I know.  Then they start handing their belongings off along with food.  That is so good.  I'm like --  yeah!  Have a nice picnic.  It is so different. &gt; i -- anticipate seeing my girl Alexis gone, like that was a huang thing for  me. We were like this. Coy easily persuade her to be on our side. And I’m thinking  oh, snap what do we do now.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  It says congratulations. Your tribes are merged! Whooo!  Enjoy the feast provided. You have earned it. Hidden idols are still in play  and another idol with different powers is hidden somewhere near your camp  different powers.  Hidden immunity idol with special po perer-- powers t is awesome enough on  its own but now special powers.  I don't want that one.  See you later.  Only one way to find out what the special powers can be, so I guess that  person that finds that idol is the only one that will know what the special  powers are.  Of course I’m going to look for t I will spend 2, 3, 4 days looking for.  It is grahn to be back, thank you very much.  What do you think about a tribe made.  Solari.  Solana mixed with Aparri. That would be one.  We should talk it over with some food.  This is wine infused.  Oh my god, look at this.  It's like christmas frickin morning. Part of the excitement of being at the  merge was just shock that I made it you know, I was at the bottom of a tribe  that was one of the worst tribes in Survivor historiment and somehow I’m here  at the merge and I have new life. I’m in the driver's seat, now I’m tied  tight with Sarah, I’m tight with Jeremiah, I’m tight with this group of six  that could potentially run the game of Survivor after the merge.  So you guys voted out Alexis.  We did.  Give us the scoop.  Voted her out.  We might be in some trouble. Six against five, it's pretty tough. So the only  hope that I had personally was Sarah. Because Sarah was an old Aparri an  swore on her badge to me telling her she wants to be with me. But my biggest  fear is if Sarah doesn't flip, we're done. I’m done. I don't want to be done.   We have the largest.  We have the largest.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Take a deep inhale.  You are letting your abs release, are you trying to hold it and keep these  shoulders dropped.  That's t good, that's really good, you're pretty flexible, huh, dash.  I am.  Yeah, are you. And then one more. Are you going to inhale.  Who do you think is ahead in the snake right now?  I don't know.  As it stands right now there's a group of five which is my alliance and a  group of six which is half brain and half beauty and then you have Sarah that  makes a sixth person.  Before we had it real tight. We have to mend things.  I will. I will try and sway her back in.  We need one person to come on our side and flip the script and make it 6 my  side and five their side. So Sarah, I am hoping sar is is the missing link to  this.  Where do you stand right now, where do you stand.  I'm like honestly floating. This is how it went over there.  So it's a no-brainer.  The brains are tight.  If we get back-- listen, Sarah, Tony, Woo, and Trish.  Do we have Trish.  Trish is 100%, she isee with me, that's four, that is a tight bond. Lj and Jefra  harx that is six of us.  Okay.  Five of them. One by one by one, they're gone. It's thatcism. It's that  simple, Sarah.  Pie goal is to make Sarah believe that I want to sit at the top two with her  just like we mentioned, two cops sitting in front of the jury. So I’m going  to promise her, I’m going to guarantee her, to reassure her that I’m not  lying to her, that I really want her to come on our side and move forward  with the game as opposed with the other tribe it could be a no-brainer f you  give me your word, swear on your badge right now.  Swear on my badge what.  That are you on our side that will you vote for somebody, either Spencer or  lindsay-- I mean Spencer or Kass.  Spencer or Kass.  I don't know that I can do that yet, Tony.  So you let me know when are you ready and when you swear on your badge, then  I --  i know, I know.  I'm in the best spot that you can be at in this game. Because five and five,  and guess what, I’m in the middle. A Sarah sandwich, it's perfect.  Then who do you think we even target.  It doesn't matter.  It doesn't matter but I think the first one we should target is the brains,  break the brains up. Whoever you want to get rid of except for me.  I'm guarantee you with us, you're moving forward. Guaranteeing this is your  big move, your big chance.  I never expected to be the decision maker. So it truly is a predictment.  Whichever side I go, I’m sitting pretty because I will decide the fate of  this game all right, guys, dow want in on --  lj does not have an idol. So if he doesn't win immunity he is going home. As  he should be because that would be our vote, correct.  I think somebody else needs to go first.  Somebody has the idol from beauty.  It ain't me.  Okay, so you think lj's got an idol.  Okay.  I don't have no hidden immunity eye do. I think lj's got it. That is what is  worrying me, that is what is making me nervous about this game.  I think somebody like Jefra needs to go.  It is either lj or will.  We got to get a strong guy out. We got to get rid of will or lj first.  It can't be lj.  He is a pretty boy, he has got the idol.  Woo if it's not Woo it's going to be will.  No, no, she is not a threat. I think it's completely I had otic to pick a  fight with me. I’m not saying let me be the princess and walk around and walk  on egg shells around me. But the last thing you want to do is piss me off.  We can pretend it's lj but it can't be.  Lj would be bad.  That's fine. But I am not going along with Trish, I will tell you that much.  That would be fatal to us.  What if Woo wins immunity.  Then Tony?  Yeah.  I can do whatever I want, you know, you want to pick a fight with me? I'll  flip over with those other guys. So don't test me. Because I will put new  your place and send you packing.  Trish and Jefra can stay. Got to get rid of one of the guys.  The big picture.  Okay, Trish is hooked to Tony. Trish is not hooked to lj, trust me.  Dude, I said it once, I said it a million times. I don't trust the cop. When  someone, in an alleged alliance of six says I’m only voting for these people  and I absolutely will not vote for this person, that lets me know that she is  not in the six. She's in the one.  One thing we can't do, if we are a tight six, we cannot bully.  I don't want to be bullied around.  We're to the bullying that is what we discussed on the beach before.  I never agreed to Trish first.  Let me tell you, we'll talk about it tomorrow, get everybody together and go  with the majority.  Tony flat out goes. You can pick who you want to go home.  When you come to me and you say well, if I go with them, who are my former  tribe mates, they're going to let me choose who goes out. And she comes to us  and says I’m telling you who I want out.  Can we talk about it tomorrow.  I don't like being accused of being a bully.  Nob is accusing you.  In my view nobody in this game should have that much power. Who made her  queen. I can't even look at her. I just want to punch her I just want to  punch her sometimes sometimes  do you see any fish at all? What is that a cucubur?  Here, i'll sit on that log right there.  I'm tired of people talk to me because they want my vote.  Hey, what are you going to do? What are you going to do.  It's going get awkward after the first -- &gt;&gt;ary in trouble because then  they won't talk to me at all.  I'll stop talking to you.  I love it when people kind of lose their cool. That tells me a lot.  What the hell did I miss? I wake up this morning-- is what I heard. I heard  all of a sudden a couple of girls going at it. Between Kass and Sarah, I believe.  The fight made me happy because that made me realize they weren't as strong a  six as I thought they were and they're cracking before we even get to the  challenge, so whoa. So obviously they're all feeling a little bit paranoid.  What happened?  We were disagreeing on without we think should be voted out.  And you said I will not vote for Trish.  That's all I said. Because I think that's a terrible idea.  I was with her for 11 days, she does not strategizing.  Okay.  I see both sides. I didn't want us to get fractured over some, like, bs.  When I heard about Kass and Sarah's exchange, I didn't care who was right,  who was wrong. My main concern was getting those two back on the same page.  So you're in a tough position. Like I respect that you are in a very  precarious position right now. Those were your old peeps.  I know.  And now you got new peeps and now everyone is like tugging and pulling.  Who do you think we should vote for.  If we are not voting lj, Tony, or Woo.  I think Tasha took Sarah's side in the argument. What the heck. Someone in  the alliance treats someone poorly, everyone panders to the bully. I felt  like saying it to Tasha wa, about me, how come you you're to the being nice  to me. What am i, chopped liver. Oh, right, you're done with me. I got  testimony. I get nervous when someone is I will not vote for this person.  That is what makes me nervous and then you call me a bully. I’m not bullying,  I’m trying to like --  guys, come on. Come on, guys, I don't feel like Kass likes me.  Every time I say something, that's what I get is like-- and it's like, like  you are attacking me silently like that.  This is attacking you when I’m like what?  That's an attack?  Let me ask you a question. Does it matter if Kass likes you? If you don't  like Kass, vote Kass out.  I know Sarah is against me, I know Tasha is against me. I know where I stand.  But at this point, the six are falling part.  You realize that you are in probably the most pivotal role in this game.  And it sucks. It sucks to decide the fate of five other people in this game.  And know it's going to decide your fate.  Yeah.  Are you guys ready to get to today's you minity challenge.  First thing's first, I will take back tribal immunity. Tribal immunity is no  more. This is what you seek now. Individual immunity. If you have this around  your neck you are safe at tribal council. There is no better feeling in the  world than to walk in with this around your neck. Without it, you could be in  trouble. For today's challenge you're going to balance oy triangular  platforms in the water. With your feet perched on very narrow footholds. At  regular intervals we'll move up, making it more difficult. If you fall off,  you are out of the challenge. Last person left standing wins immunity, losers  tribal council or somebody will be voted out of this game. Draw for spots.  We'll get started.  All right, here we go. Everybody take your positions. Your feet are going to  be on that first foothold. Here we go. Five, four, three, two, one. Everybody  up. An this challenge is on. The rules are simple. No other part of your body  can touch the structure other than your feet. That means your hands, that  means your butt. Any part of it touches, you are out. You're going to be here  for 15 minutes. Think of this as your warmup round. Getting loose. Get your  body ready for what's to come. All right. Move in to your next foothold. You  can use your hands now to help yourself get up there. Everybody get good and  solid. Here we go. Five, four, three, two, one. Everybody take your  hands-off. This challenge is back on. Now you're going have to grin a little  more tightly to hold on. There's less room for your foot. Still looking very  good.  Where are you feeling it, lj?  Everywhere.  This definitely isn't a fun challenge, jeff, nothing fun about this. A lot of  pain.  We will go 15 minutes here as well .  Jeff: 30 seconds left in this round. Then we move to the top. Everybody still  looking very good. I’m impressed. Whatever you're doing, it's working.  Whatever you're telling yourself to fight through that pain, keep telling  yourself. 15 seconds, don't relax and don't give up. You were there, don't  make a mistake now. Five, four, three, two, one. All right, we're going to  move to the top now, you can use your hands we're still live though, if you  fall out at this point you're out, here we go, we have 15 seconds to start  making your move. Get them up there, five, four. Three, two, one. Spencer  condition hang on. He can't make the transition. Kass can't make the  transition. Lj is in. Sar is-- Sarah is in, Jefra is in, we're down to six. Tasha  is out. Trish is out. Four people survive the transition. Jeremiah's in.  We're down to three.  You got it.  Tony, Morgan, Woo, great job. Morgan, the wind knocks her off. The wind is  coming up huge! It is cody and Woo. Nice recovery from Tony. We are down to  two, Tony and Woo. Huge balancing act that third round got everybody except  knees two. Ness-- these two.  How are you feeling, Woo.  Whooo!  Jeff: You guys need to just focus. Don't get distracted. Another nice save by  Tony first individual immunity on the line and somebody is going to earn it.  And Tony goes in, that is it. Woo wins first individual immunity!  Yeah!  Good job. Woo, come on over. Right here, first individual immunity, Woo is  safe tonight at tribal council, as for the rest of you, after 19 days  somebody will be voted out of this game. Should make for an interesting  afternoon. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. I'll see you at tribal.  Congrats. Within good job, Woo.  Yeah, you hung in there, Tony.  I have no idea, man.  Woo, good man.  There is 11 people. We have a solled five, a solid five and me. I have got to  make the choice. &gt; i think there are harder competitors on Tony's side.  I was first off the pedestal.  And I would rather go with the weaker side, so I am with the new Aparri. I think  we're soiled. The only risk that we have is between Kass and i.  Shall we go or shall we wait until later.  I say let's do it to you.  I will make the decision on who goes home next. I get to decide. I’m the  president right now.  Who dow guys want?  I think Jefra, the person that I would think would be the smartest would be Jefra.   That is exactly who I was thinking.  I just think there is no way anyone is going to play an idol on her.  I done think any of those guys have an idol. I really don't. I truly believe  we need to get rid of someone vital in the game. Jefra, I don't see her  running immunity, we can get rid of her any time and she is not smart enough  to play a strategic game. Tony is very smart and observes what is going on  around him. I think my votes are either lj or Tony.  Tony, you can't trust Sarah, we think Sarah is in charge now.  Right now, they put her up on a pedestal because they need her vote. And we  need her vote so I’m going to put her on a pedestal also.  There is no way sar is ever leading that group. She's so-- down there it's  not even funny.  I think she is down there.  She is in the middle calling all the shots.  Because she is the most powerful player right now. They need her vote.  Dow really think you can persuade her to drop those guys and come over here.  I suggested it yesterday.  But as of today. Did you see that little cat fight? That thing that went down  today, I don't think Kass is feeling too comfortable. You know what coy  approach Kass. I feel like i've got a pretty good relationship with her.  I have to go to Sarah before anyone says that, let me talk to Sarah, if you  are down with that, I can do that.  What do you think Sarah then what do you think, should I try to get Kass.  I think Kass is going to play.  What serve doing tonight.  I want Tony out.  I would go with Tony.  What if he has an idol.  I can guarantee Tony doesn't van idol.  If you think Tony doesn't have it.  I can guarantee Tony doesn't have an idol.  Let's stay with Tony then.  Okay, okay. As long as everybody's okay with it.  Yeah.  The original agreement was play it cool, we'll probably take out Jefra or Trish  to get the numbers. And then let's meddle with the big boys who might have  idols or strategies.  I am going to go drij some more rum.  But Sarah said it's got to be Tony. She thinks she's running the show.  Is there anything I can do to potentially save myself here?  Yeah. If we can get immunity.  Did nobody see this? Am I the only one.  I know she is about to destroy the game if she's going to destroy the game, I  want the-- to strike, I want to destroy it.  All right. If you decide you want to come on our side --  they are telling me the exact same thing.  But you don't have me and Trish and Woo that we started originally with.  I know.  You don't have that.  I know. As far as me and Trish are concerned are you top of Jefra, you're on  top of Woo. Where does that leave you, me, Trish and you.  Well this is what I want to do. I want to take this back and get away by  myself and sit down and think about it.  Listen, if you agree with them, let's say you knock out me, let's say you  knock out lj, one of us,.  Yeah.  That leaves you guys with six, right.  6-4, guess what, they could get rid of you and still have five. They don't  need you. You got nobody on their sid side-- on that side, Sarah.  Listen, I know this. I’m not an idiot. Getting rid of Tony is nothing personal.  It's actually a huge compliment to him. Tony and I have a relationship  because he's a police officer and I’m a police officer. But he is the biggest  threat in this game. He observes everything. He's sneaky. He's just like me.  And I would get rid of me if I could.  If you say I want Kass gone, swear on your badge, you come in with us, we'll  make it happen.  Yeah.  We will make it happen. If you tell me you're ready to make it happen we'll  make it happen. You can change the whole game right now, right here today.  I know, I know.  I just don't want to you think I’m conning you.  Let me digest it. Let me-- I’m not saying no. I can tell you this. I’m not  making a decision until I get to tribal. Tony, it's going to work out and I don't  think you should sit here and fret about it.  No, no, no, I’m good. I’m real good.  When Sarah is telling me let me think about it, let me make my decision at  tribal council. Are you kidding me. I couldn't believe she said that I look  at her, you know what, right, I talk to Sarah and I got a good strong feeling  that she is to the coming on our side so one thing is for sure f I feel a  little iffy, iffy, the idol is being played. I’m to the going home with the  idol.  You're on the low totem pole on the team. I thought you were on the top.  No, i've been replaced.  Well, you know if they take one of us out --  do you have any interest in joining us?  Do you think you can pull it together.  If you had your choice to get anybody off that team, who would go go for?  I would take out Sarah.  Yeah, I would like to take out Sarah myself. That's who we want to take out.  It's totally up to youment but I’m just offering you.  Yeah.  Trish slipped me a little of the old mickey. She told me that they were going  to vote for Sarah. Surprising to me. But maybe they're smarter than I think.  They're probably smarter than my other five. If they're thinking Sarah is the  bad seed so maybe I want to switch allegiance.  We're voting for her tonight.  I'm telling you right now because hi a conversation with Kass. I talked to  her. I asked her.  Them two are feuding.  I said to her if you are going to vote somebody out tonight, who would you  vote. She said Sarah, I said Kass, I’m begging you to come with us. She said  I think its it's too late to put together. I said no it is not.  So what do you want to do.  Sarah.  Sarah is our vote tonight.  We're voting Sarah, if are you in with us, you're in with us and we will take  care of you. Trust me.  I love that Sarah thinks she's running the show. New Aparri is voting for Tony  as the request of queen Sarah. Solana is voting for sara. I truly believe I’m  the one in the middle. I think I have usurped Sarah's throne tonight and once  again, chaos Kass will once again, chaos Kass will show up at tribal. Show up  at tribal.  All right, lj, where are we at? What is the mood of this group of 11?  I don't know. I feel like I’m in the hottest seat in town right now. And if I  do g I’m highly flatterednd it's the best worst compliment you could ever get  by being the biggest threat in the game.  That is a farewell speech, he's ready to go. Snuff his torch.  At this portion of the game are you looking for the biggest threat. So he  should be worried.  Jeff: Tony, you have the original Aparri who have been all separated except  for Sarah and the new Aparri and the new Solana, are you noticing different  groups of people merging together?  I'm noticing that just a group of smart people playing and I’m hoping you  they realize if you don't move forward within an alliance of numbers, you move  forward with an alliance of comfort, who are you happy to be around,.  Jeff: It sounds like are you a bit worried for yourself.  That's the truth, I am a little bit worried about tonight. I am am coulding  were from a tribe of lower numbers and I could be potentially a threat out  here. I know I’m 40 and bald and old but I still have a little fire in me.  Jeff: Kass, does it make sense for lj and Tony to be concerned given that  there are six in one group and five on another.  Yeah, I would be very concerned if I were a strong, male doing well in  challenges on the minority group.  Jeff: Lj, where do idols come into play? Do you think they have been found.  Do you think somebody has one?  The fact that no idol has appeared, this could be some big Survivor joke, I’m  not sure.  Jeff: Meaning there aren't any?  There's idols, kuz I got one. And I’m going use it for my tribe.  Jeff: You have an idol.  Of course I do.  Yeah, you want to pull it out.  What's that going to prove.  Jeff: That you are telling the truth.  And what is that going to get me.  Well, you just told us that you have one, so --  all right. This right here. Inquiring minds want to know, inquiring minds  want to see. Right here, all right? I’m going to wear it with pride. And this  doesn't mean I’m going use it for me, jeff. I could give it to lj, I could  give to to Jefra, Trish.  Jeff: It's a community idol. So you are looking to make a big move tonight.  It's going to be a big move. Why don't you look at these six faces, look at  what is going on right here, jeff. Look at them, look at them.  Jeff: Now you have sponsor and Tasha changing a vote.  They could change anything they want.  Jeff: A lot of jabbering still going on.  We need a second. I need a second.  The other one.  Jeff: Look at this.  Okay.  Jeff: Shall we just end the suspense and get to the vote.  Absolutely. We've been waiting for this.  Jeff: All right, we're voting for the other one.  I love when a vote is this alive.  Jeff: It is time to vote. Trish? Trish? You're up. You're up.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has an a hidden immunity idol and  you want to play it, now would be the time to do so.  Can you validate it for me, please, jeff.  Jeff: Yes, this is a hidden immunity idol.  I would like to give it to lj. Let's see if I read these people correctly,  jeff.  Jeff: Any votes cast for lj will not count. Once the votes are read, the  decision is final, person voted out will be asked to leave the council tribal  area immediately.  Hold on.  Jeff: Yes.  I would like to cover Tony's ass myself.  Yo, my man.  I hate you guys.  Shouldn't have done it, I think you were the other man, my friend.  Jeff: There is also a hidden immunity idol so any votes for Tony will not  count either.  Unbelievable.  I thought you were the other man, let's see what happens.  Jeff: I'll read the votes.  Jeff: First vote Jefra. Sarah. Jefra. Sarah. Two votes Jefra, two votes Sarah.  Jefra. Sarah. We're tied again, three votes Jefra, three votes Sarah. Jefra.  Sara -- sar a tied again, four votes Jefra, four votes Sarah. Jefra. Sarah.  We're tied, five votes Jefra, five votes Sarah, one vote left.  Jeff: Seventh person voted out and the first member of our jury, Sarah.  Bang bang.  Who flipped.  Not me.  Kass.  Kass.  Jeff: Sarah, the tribe has spoken. Time for to you go.  Thanks. Good luck, guys.  Thanks, Sarah.  Kass, Kass, thank you.  That is right, cast, good job. We lost two immunity idols but we'll get them  back again. &gt; Kass, zero chance of winning the game.  A long way to go.  Jeff: Well it is clear that this was a shocking vote and my prediction is it  is going to be a wild finish. Grab your torches, head back to camp. To camp.  Good night. Good night. Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions,  cbs, captioned by media access group at wgbh media access group at wgbh  access.wgbh.org access.wgbh.org  next time on Survivor.  She has been being rude to me.  A war of word force two Survivors.  Less's just a bitter, ugly old lady.  But it's nothing compared to the chaos of a hidden idol.  It's a mad treasure hunt for this idol.  I'm going to pull out my --  i was sitting there calm as can be, waiting for jeff to pull out that last  name, and I tell you what, when it said Sarah, I was like huh? We thought we  had a solid set of six. I don't know why Kass flipped. Flipped. But, they got  me good.