<br/>jeff: Previously on "Survivor"...  Your tribes are merged.  Aparri and Solana finally merged.  Another idol with powers is hidden somewhere near your camp.  Jeff: And a new idol with different powers was put in play.  It's powerful enough on its own, but now special powers.  Jeff: The real struggle for power was between alliances.  There's a group of five, and there's a group of six that's half brain and  half beauty and Sarah.  Jeff: And Sarah was playing both sides.  I can guarantee Tony.  I get to decide. I’m the president right now.  But Kass had other plans.  No one in this game should have that much power whom made her queen?  Jeff: And at tribal council... Where do idols come into play?  There's idol, cause I got one.  Jeff: Sarah could only watch as her game unraveled.  'D like the give it to LJ  Jeff: Her control turned into chaos. Piefd like the cover Tony's ass myself.  This is also a hidden immunity idol.  Jeff: She went from the queen...  Sarah.  Jeff: To the first member of the jury. Sarah, the tribe has spoken.  Kass, zero chance of winning the game.  Long way to go. &gt;&gt;.  Jeff: Ten are left whom will be voted out tonight?  Nice job, guys.  Well played.  That was a cool tribal council.  We lost two idols.  Tribal was insane. We voted for Jefra. She should have gone home. We dodged  these idols. It is all for nothing because Kass flipped and we're screwed.  I expect everybody to be mad.  I'm not personally mad. I’m not upset. I’m just telling you I think it  because move.  Kass will fly in the face of strategy just because however she feels. She'll  go basically wherever her estrogen takes her, not where her brain takes her.  We talked about...  That's how I’m playing.  I'm well aware is all you're playing is your gut.  I hope you guys will cover me a little bit.  Absolutely.  The alliance of six let me go to the bottom. The number-one rule in Survivor  isn't cater to the person on top. It's wonder about the person on the bottom.   When they sit back and think about what they did...  We didn't do anything.  You've never even talked to me.  We're trying to get rid of Kass? What don't you understand?  You have to do something in this game to piss people off. You're not going to  win it.  Kass, you talking strategy, just stop. Please.  Really?  Please stop. It's an embarrassment.  You guys strategize.  It's an embarrassment. Seriously.  It's called playing the game, spence. It's like I pulled off a hat trick on  survival. I got rid of the girl I wanted to get rid of and two big lugs  played their idols unnecessarily. Triple win, right?  She's been with us since day one. She's a fricken idiot.  I'm fine with it. I knew they were going to be mad. So I pissed off five  people, but I gained five friends. The pissed-off people are going to get  over it, so I don't have an alliance. I am a free agent. Everyone's mad I messed  up their game, because I’m playing my game.  I'm going to get some water today.  You want some help?  Yeah.  Nor gann, no good on the water?  I can get water, but I don't see how her saying it in a rude way.  Everything I’m going to say to you is going to be in a rude way since you've  been rude to me.  I haven't said anything to you.  Yeah, you have.  Oh, my god.  It's for all of us anyway.  I'm fairly certain that Morgan is in a constant state of center of the  universe. She's like an old dog. You know you have a 14-year-old dog you're  keeping alive because you love it. You don't mind it pees on the floor, but  all it really does is sit. There that's Morgan.  Morgan, are you going to go? Just a minute.  Kass, she said that I’m being really mean to her. I don't think I’m being  mean to her. I’m ignoring her. Maybe that's mean, but I think she's ignored  and made fun of all her life, so she should be used to this. Kass, I feel  like she's just a bitter, ugly old lady and this sounds really conceited. I think  she hates me because I’m cuter than her and i've always been cuter than her.  Scases stupid. She needs to go and i'll make sure of it. Captioning brought  to you by Survivor productions, cbs, guys, you ready to get to today's reward  challenge?  Yeah.  For today's challenge, you'll divide into two teams. You'll start on  platform. On my go you'll race through a series of obstacles. Until you reach  a chest. You'll drag a chest to the tower. You'll climb up the tower. You'll  then drag the chest to the top of the tower. Two tribe members will solve the  shine puzzle. First team to finish wins reward. Want to know what you're  playing for?  Yeah.  Best reward of the season so far. The winning team will leave here and be  taken to a survival-themed outback steak how's.  All right.  You will enjoy Wood-fired grilled outback steak. Baked potatoes, all the  fixings.  I can smell it.  Plus the brand-new outback steakhouse grilled pine apple rita. And there's  desert, too, s'mores. Worth playing for?  Yeah.  Let's do it.  Jeff: All right. We'll draw up the teams. Let's get started. Two teams  randomly chosen and ready to battle. All right. Here we go. For reward, Survivors  ready? Go! You've got massive teeter totter that's how you do it.  Go, go, go.  Jeff: Everybody got to get across the balance beam. If you fall off, you've  got to come back. It is neck and neck right now. Everybody flying across the  balance beam except lou. Lou falls off. Got start over. That's going to slow  his team down. You can't move forward until everybody is off. Go, orange.  Wait, wait, wait, wait.  Jeff: Go, purple! Once you have them all done you, can carry, drag, push,  pull, whatever it takes to get it to the wall. Orange first out of the gate.  Purple right behind. Huge reward on the line. Near wipeout for purple. Start  climbing that wall. One at a time.  Start climbing, Trish.  Woo is up first. Flying up this wall. Spencer to the top. Trish at the. To  here comes Tasha. Morgan to the top now. LJ Not even using the rope. Here  comes Kass now.  Way to go, Kass.  Jeff: LJ To the top. Kass is up for the purple. Toby is the last member of  the purple team. They were behind. Now they've caught up and gone ahead. Jefra  is up. Purple already pulling that chest up. Jeremiah the last member of the  orange team. Orange, start pulling that chest up. Purple has their chest up.  Start working on the puzzle. Lou and Kass working on the puzzle for purple.  Orange now has their chest. Purple has their first piece. It is LJ And Spencer  for orange. It's going to come down to the puzzle. There are ten pieces  total, once you have all ten pieces, the finishing touch is inside your  chest. LJ Looking for that third piece. He has it for the orange team.  That's it right there. That's it right there.  Jeff: Purple with its second piece. Orange with the fourth piece. Biggest  reward of the season marksive outback steakhouse feast. Orange with a fifth  piece. Half-way there. Orange with the sixth piece. Momentum shifted now  fully to the orange. Pressure starting to sink in now. Seventh piece for  orange. Purple is just getting outplayed on the puzzle. That is eight for  orange. Two pieces left for the orange. Blue with another piece. They're  trying to get back in this. Orange with their 9th. Orange has their 10th  piece. Open that chest. LJ And Spencer very close. There it is, one last  piece. Got fit it in. Outback steakhouse reward goes to LJ, Spencer, Jeremiah,  Morgan and Jefra.  Congratulation, you guys.  Thank you.  Jeff: All right. Jeremiah, Jefra, LJ, Morgan, Spencer, well-earned. Enjoy it.  Grab your stuff, head out. Kass, lou, Tony, tash, yeah Trish, got nothing for  you. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp.  Party time. Hey, you win some, you lose some.  Double the rice, throw some coconut in and it's party.  I am so pissed off this we didn't win that challenge when we could have eaten  a juicy steak, but you know what they say, better to be pissed off than be  pissed on.  Are you guys worried about Spencer more than Jeremiah?  Well, he is a influential person with his mouth. Jeremiah's just quiet and  just does his thing physically.  Spencer is good in challenge, too.  I don't want to be the deciding person.  Well, you know them more than we do. You know who is influential, who is  effective, who is malicious.  I'm not even in an alliance. I’m still a free agent. No one has said, Kass,  you're in, but there is an assumption I’m new york and already Tony and Trish  said, who would you want gone next? I said, I don't care as long as it's not  me. I want to reinforce that, so there is a comfort level when I come in for  the kill.  I'm not a flipper. I don't consider it a flip. I do what's best for me.  A move.  Yeah. What if I made a mistake, so what.  Are you happy what you did?  Efeel good.  That's it. That's all that matters.  I think we're all good for a couple more.  Kass is telling me how she's going to be solid with us. She seems sincere.  She's hard to read because she doesn't have facial expressions like a stone  face. I can't tell whether she's lying to me or not and I’m a police officer.  I’m hoping she stays us with, but you always have to prepare for the worst.  Where do we begin to look? Where do we look?  Last night at tribal, LJ And I played idol, but there is a hidden immunity  idol with special powers around camp. That's a needle in haystack. But  there's nothing but time on this island, so I went out there and started  looking in tree hole, climbing trees, I’m doing all kinds of stuff because I need  to find that idol. It's security blanket they would love to cover myself  with.  Oh, my god.  Welcome.  Thank you.  Have a seat wherever you like.  When we first arrived, we were greeted by a grilled pineapple rita, which had  bacon it. We've been talking baibt con this whole time, so that was amazing.  Tomato, fresh tomatoes.  Oh, my gosh.  Beautiful.  We started off with salad and this was honestly the best salad I ever had. We  went on the like a fully loaded baked potato and then the steak was just  amazing.  I'll take another steak for sure. -steak was the best thing I tasted probably  ever.  I really could not ask for a better reward than this.  I'm done.  Thanks.  Can we have one of each?  You have two separate stomachs. Your formal food stomach and your desert  stomach, so your desert stomach is still hungry. Out here I’m not concerned  with manners. I said, forget the napkin. I’m eating. It takes about until the  end of the meal for me to realize my hands are gross and wipe them off. I open  my napkin, and out falls a piece of paper. I wonder what that could be. So I put  it in my pocket because I think it's going to be some kind of clue to an  idol. I need game changer right now, and this could be it. I goat camp, and  all of a sudden a downpour comes on some I’m just trying to keep this thing  dry. Tribal council isn't that far away. So time is money right now.  Take the road less traveled, a hike beyond, a course where rain once  journeyed means you are close enough to tell. This idool is surely buried,  but you won't be digging down, a mesh of roots and rock and dirt hides more  power than a crown.  I think he's on a walk.  I am a big fan of Survivor, and I now that when there's a reward like the  outback, there's usually a clue to the immunity idol. All of a sudden Spencer  takes off, so what do I do, I start to follow Spencer. I’m going to pull out  something out of my arsenal, which is my ninja stealth mode. You better  believe I’m going to be lurking in the shadows. He's digging through a side  of a wall, and automatically I’m assuming he's looking for the immunity idol.   You going for a walk?  Yeah.  You all right?  Yeah.  You?  Yeah, I’m just taking a walk myself.  Your pants are over here.  I got to pick up his pants and as soon as I do, boom, out pops the clue to  the idol. Who is going to take that clue and hand it back to him, no way  you dropped something over, there, dude. I high tail it sonic the hedgehog  style, I’m cruising through the patch, there niece way he's catching me.  He bolted with the clue, and that guy can run. I knew that pabd moan yum was  about to ensue. I’m pissed off.  Did you know there was a clue?  No.  Spencer.  He did?  I went chasing after him. He's not finding anything. I knew that it wasn't  going to be easy finding the immunity idol by myself, so immediately I run to  camp and I go, LJ, you got to floal me, man. And then from there, the search  party is on.  He threw my pants in the water and took the clue from me.  I found the clue.  Do you guys want to help look. I'll take you, let's go.  When Woo ran to camp, I knew it was time for me to get my troops in line as  soon as possible.  Can you run?  Yeah, I can run.  It's race to see who can get it first. Woo took it from Spencer's pocket.  You guys are something else.  Take the road less traveled.  All right. I know where that is.  It's a mad treasure hunt for this idol. And you know me, I love action, so I was  like, you know what, I’m in, count me in, which way is this. You have two  different alliances just looking for an idol at the same time. You know it's  bad when Morgan, the girl that you can't tell she's a pillow or a person  because she doesn't do anything, you know it's serious when she's up on her  as and she's looking for the title.  Everyone's looking. It's a race to see who finds it first.  Is everyone looking at this point?  I would say stress is at a peak right now. I’m in bad position.  Dude, you don't have to run. You keep digging. We have everyone looking for  this idol, and it's likely that whoever finds it will find it right in front  of everyone.  Keep on eye on him. I know he's going to get LJ Real quick.  Yeah.  Funny how our game has devolved into this, isn't it?  I love it.  It is a crazy game.  I mean, I’m not necessarily down with with oo did, but I think it's karma for  your behavior last night.  I apologize for that. That was uncalled for. After this whole fiasco with Woo  stealing my clue and everyone going to look for the idol at once, I’m digging  and I’m right by Kass and right in front of me is the idol. And Kass is  watching me like a hawk, so I keep digging and acting like I haven't found  it. I wait until she's not looking,, stuff it in my pants, walk the other  way. Kass is so blind that I find it right in front of Kass' face and she  didn't see. Today was complete you fora. I’m still shocked that I found it.  It could not have worked out better. If you use the idol, you must reveal it  after all the votes are cast but before the votes are read.  My position in the game is on the brink of ecstasy and devastation all the  time, but it's a whole new game as far as I’m concerned, and I bought myself  a lot of time potentially.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  First things first, Woo. Take back the necklace. Thank you. Once again  immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge you're going to balance  on your toes with a block wedged between your head and the top of the frame.  The longer the challenge goes, the more fatigued your legs will become until  they finally give out and the block falls. When the block falls, you're out  of the challenge. Last person left standing wins immunity, safe at tribal  council. Loser, somebody will be voted out of this game. Take your spots.  We'll get started. All right. Everybody is in position. Now I’m going to  count you in and you're going to have to let your hands go. Five, four,  three, two, one, hands off the frame. Everybody's in position and this  challenge is on. You cannot touch the frame. Kass can't last but a few  seconds. She's first out. You can have a spot on your frame. Just like that  we're down nine. Trish with a nice recovery. Jeremiah out. Trish right behind  him. We lose two more. That's all it takes, one slight hesitation, one little  bit of movement, just a little bit of movement with your head and just like  that Tony does the same thing. We're down six people left. We are way past  the point of does this hurt. It comes down willpower really. How badly do you  want it? How much can you take? What do you do when bugs are flying on their  body. They're annoying, how annoying? Are you going to swat it away? You're  probably out of the challenge. Nice recovery by Spencer. Morgan loses her  balance. She's out. You can see the pain now trying to stretch out those  legs, get that blood circulating again. Woo with a slight wobble. Woo tries  to recover. He cannot. Woo is out of this challenge and we're down to four.  Just a little pain. You've endured a lot more in 22 days of "Survivor."  the question is: How much more can you take? I know you're getting tired, and  I know the pain is intense. Jefra fighting through it. Keep fighting. Jefra,  the slightest hesitation. Muscles are so exhausted. She can hardly get down  from the frame. You all right, Jefra?  Yeah, I’m good.  Jeff: Now everybody knows what LJ And Tasha and spence rer feeling. Somebody  is earning this immunity necklace. Tasha with a nice recovery. LJ Can't hang  on. LJ Falls out and we're down to two, Tasha and Spencer in a showdown for  immunity. It comes down to a question of who can outlast the other. I am  genuinely impressed that. Is a long time to be holding this pose. Tash, yeah  no change in her facial expression. Spencer, awkward-looking but very strong.  Spencer has looked pained the entire challenge. Get it back in control, Spencer.  Keep digging, Tasha. Spencer struggling to hang on. Keep fighting through it.  Spencer really fighting to stay in this. Tasha out of nowhere drops the  block. Spencer wins individual immunity. He's safe tonight at tribal council.  Huge effort from both of you. Spencer, can you walk over here?  I hope. I've been dreaming about this for a long time.  Jeff: Spencer, safe at tonight's tribal council. Cannot be voted out of this  game. As for the rest of you, after 22 days, somebody going home tonight.  Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. See you tonight at tribal. Congrats.  Good for you. Congratulations, my friend.  Spencer was very desperate to win. He pulled it off. That's the will you need  out here to survive.  Kass, do you think they have an idol?  Morgan's the easy one.  The fear is that if they did find that idol, you can't take a gamble and  putting everything on tash unless she comes out with something, then one of  us go home.  I understand.  So the least likely person to have the idol is what we have to think act. My  plan would be to get rid of Morgan. If they have an idol, they're not going  to share it with her. Please, everybody, look at her.  She does need to go. She's dead weight.  Tash is definitely a physical threat and a social threat. But Morgan does not  deserve to be here. People that work hard, that bust their as around camp,  deserve to be here. People like Morgan that don't do anything, they don't  deserve to be here.  So that's plan "a." now, plan "b," they come up with some  crazy nonsense, what's plan "b"?  As far as numbers, my alliance is in a power position. It's six of us against  four of them. But it's not as easy as it sounds. The problem with tonight's  tribal council will be that if Spencer found that idol, it will be very  tricky on who we vote for. If they have an idol and we vote for the person  who uses the idol, one of us six is going home. If they don't have an idol  and Kass flips back with them, it will be a tie, 5, 5, we draw rock, one of  us goes home. I’m hoping she stays with us. If she doesn't, it's going to  cause some trouble.  Who are we voting?  Kass.  No, no, she's still the only person who would even consider flipping. Tony  just because there's a little bit of chance he does something stupid at  tribal and she'll change her mind at the drop of hat. Toney.  It's kind of ridiculous, but our option now is Kass, the person who just  screwed us over is the one person who might be crazy enough to help us. I am  safe because I won immunity, so I know the idol could help, but it would only  work if I had someone who would flip with it. Someone who is willing to flip  could tell white house they're going to vote for, help me use my idol  successfully and a change in the dynamic of the game.  If you made a move that would put you, and this is just hypothetical, I don't  want to come in here and try give you some sell, but if you made a move that  made you with us, then you wouldn't have lost all our jury votes because the  final would include two of us and potentially the other two would feel a lot  less bitter.  I knew this would happen. Just the human in you wants to forgive someone and  be friends again, so I was banking on that when I made my move, that the five  people I allegedly betrayed would get over it because there will be many more  betrayals.  Right now I’m not in an alliance. I consider myself a free agent kind of.  Then would you consider it?  I'm going to consider everything. I mean, I’m playing to get to the final  three.  Seriously consider it or just maybe?  Yeah, I would.  So I think Tony's a good person to vote out tonight.  In my opinion, Spencer has some pretty good arguments. I would not want to  sit next to toney. I think he's too charming, and everybody likes him. Morgan  is annoying and she's a bitch, but she's going to stay that way, so she's not  really a threat. She's just extra luggage we're carrying around here. A  million dollars is a big carrot. At this point people know I am willing to  play this game. They've brought me their game plan. And I can it's gore with  it or change people's lives. And that's how I am in the courtroom, too. I do  trial by ambush. It's not a recommended strategy but any legal authority. It's  probably not a recommended strategy by any "Survivor" authority,  but I love the ambush and I love the blind side.  Jeff: Now bring in the first member of our jury. Sarah voted out at the last  tribal council. So Tony, based on the last tribal council, there was massive  power shift.  That's correct, jeff. They had an alliance of six. We had an alliance of  five. The wind changed directions.  Jeff: Jeff, obviously I was the wind that blew through.  <br/>Jeff: What was the fallout?  I got chewed out. I got the cold shoulder from everyone that felt betrayed.  Jeff: Spencer, how did it go down with you and Kass.  I respect big moves, but I did feel betrayed and that got me a little bit  riled up, and I got a little out of hand, I did.  Jeff: So you have to be feeling very good that you have that necklace  tonight.  Yeah, I mean, it feels very good, but at the same time, I play the game to  win the game. I would rather risk going out now far shot at winning than  extend my stay in the game. So it feels good, but it could feel a lot better.   Jeff: So tone year, when you hear that kind of an answer, does that influence  your decision about who you would vote out tonight?  Well, we leaguer at physical strength, we're looking strategic, social, who  will try to crack our alliance, so we made a consensus as a group so we can  is have nice, smooth sailing ahead.  Jeff: Morgan, what do you say? You've got Jeremiah behind me.  I'm not a physical threat. I’m not going to beat them in these hard  challenges and people don't really seem to like me, so votes aren't going to  go to me.  Trish, I’m not going to win and no one likes me, so why get rid of me?  I think that's probably pretty accurate. She left out that she doesn't help  out in camp and if you want to add to that list, why you might want to take  her along, I could continue to add to that.  Jeff: Morgan, what does it feel like the hear that?  LJ And Jeremiah took real good care of us girls in the beginning, waking up  with a cold pot of rice, and I got used to it.  Jeff: Let's talk candidly.  Uh-huh.  Jeff: I’m going to guess that you're sort of used to that back home, as well.   Absolutely. I’m used to things being easier for me and not having to work  that hard to get things, but...  Jeff: Based on, what looks?  Yeah. If any person in the world could decide to be ugly or cute most, would  pick cute. I mean, it's not why...  Jeff: That's one of the greatest quotes ever heard on "Survivor."  if I don't work as hard as others, you know, I’m sorry, and I will try to...  I will work harder. I won't try. Ly work harder in camp.  Jeff: Jefra, the nice thing about having Kass join your five is it would seem  she instantly becomes number six, so you don't lose any place in the game and  you dwayne the power again.  Yeah, jeff, that's not really how we look at our alliance. We look at our  alliance as a train. Everybody is a different link on the chain. I think that  we're all even and...  Jeff: But jeff, yeah typically how many times have you seen an alliance in  which there is no one on the bottom, we are all one?  We heard latest tribal when the brains are saying, we're all one, we're all  one. Tony said we're full of it.  We're saying it for a different reason. This alliance was put together by  default. That's an alliance of numbers.  How is that different?  Because we picked each other.  I'm just saying, someone's always on the bottom.  I'm not saying that there won't be in the future, but as of now, I think that  we got a strong alliance.  On top of it, jeff, scases in a comfortable place, so she's sticking to it.  Jeff: Tony, if I may, she's unpredictable. You don't know she's not setting  you guys up tonight.  That's the truth, jeff.  Jeff: Trish, does that concern you a little bit, letting someone like Kass  into your alliance?  Absolutely. There's a risk that she could go back, flip back to the other  people, but we just keep continuing to include her in the group and treat her  like we treat everyone that's in our alliance.  Jeff: Kass, this is your dilemma right here, that when this group says you're  as much part of this alliance as the people who have been in it for many,  many more days than you, is there any part of you saying, that might be a  little disingenuous.  We're all on the equal chain, remember? You know what, I understand the game.  I made a decision, there was no alliance formed. There was no guarantee. When  I go to vegas and I sit down at the table with a friend, I don't mind beating  them.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Trish, you're up.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so. All right. Once the votes  are read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal councillary immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Tony. Toney.  Tony. That's three votes Tony. Toney. That's four votes Tony. Morgan. Morgan.  Four votes Tony, two votes Morgan. Morgan. That's three votes Morgan. Morgan.  We're tied. Four votes tone year, four votes Morgan. Morgan. That's five  votes Morgan, four votes tone year, one vote left. Eighth person voted out  and the second member of our jury, Morgan. Morgan, the tribe has spoken.  Jeff: Well, clearly you didn't vote out the biggest threat, which illustrates  once again you can never fully trust anything anybody says. The good news  about that just because you're on the bottom doesn't mean you're out. Grab  your torches. Head back to camp. Good night. Captioning brought to you by Survivor  productions, cbs, captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  jeff: Next time on "Survivor," with only nine left, paranoia is at  an all-time high.  We're going to turn on each other.  It's turning allies into enemies.  I have to make a big move before he does.  Tony wants to get rid of Woo now.  Oh, my god, Tony is totally freaking out.  I got strike now.  I want to say how proud I am of myself. It was great experience. They can say  whatever they want at tribal, they was spiteful or they was lazy, but I could  care less what they said. I mean, Kass is a child and if she was upset with  me, whatever. Grow up. You're 40. Get over it.