<br/>jeff: Previously on "Survivor": This is a hidden immunity idol.  I'd like to give it to lj.  I'd like to cover Tony's ass, myself.  Jeff: After LJ And Tony sacrificed their idols for each other--  who flipped?  Kass.  Jeff: And Kass flipped.  Kass, zero chance of winning the game.  Jeff: The power shifted to eye new majority alliance led by LJ And Tony.  As far as numbers, my alliance is in the power position right now.  Jeff: With the hierarchy of power intact, everyone's focus shifted to finding  hidden immunity idols.  Is everyone looking at this point?  Everybody.  There's a hidden immunity idol, special powers, around camp.  Jeff: Fortunately, for Spencer, he found one, though is wasn't the idol with  different powers.  It's just the plain, old idol but I bought myself a lot of time potentially.  Jeff: And at the immunity challenge he outlasted all the rest. Spencer wins  individual immunity. Facing tribal council, mat jort alliance was worried  about a possible hidden immunity idol.  Look at Morgan, she does nothing but sleep. They have an idol, they're not  going to share it with her.  She does need to go.  Jeff: And at tribal council-- that's four votes Tony, five votes Morgan, one  vote left. They stuck with the safe vote. Morgan, the tribe has spoken. Nine  are left. Who will be voted out tonight. Tell me how it's a compliment that  two times in a row you guys are trying to get me out. Just humor me.  Because you're a big threat, man.  I appreciate it man know why we voted off Morgan today? Because she's not  worthy of being here any more days. That's why Jeremiah and tash stayed.  Because she's not worthy of playing this game. Two times in a row you want to  get me out.  We want a fighting chance.  When jeff turned over that card and it said, Tony I probably pooped on  myself. I wasn't expecting to see my name. I’m a 40-year-old bald old man.  You have Woo who is younger and more athletic. Why am I a threat? Why is everybody  trying to get me out? You could have pitched that to us, too. Said,un what  guys we're willing to vote her out.  If you would have asked us to, I would have voted for Morgan.  You could have approached you said us.  We have the numbers. We don't need your votes. You could have said spare me,  software me, we work hard around here. Let's get rid of this useless load.  Got it.  But I appreciate the compliment. Here we are again, six again three, but it  is never that easy because we have sitting ducks. I’m not going to sit there  and make a fool out of myself. It's definitely not going to come for some of  them. You know, that they put his name down.  Yeah, he's pissed. It's his way of dealing with it. He was pissed.  He was. I’m sure that made him really paranoid.  Huthat anxiety, you know what I mean? He was laughing about it, but, y, it  didn't feel good man, it didn't feel good. Is he now going to be on scramble  mode?  Right, right. I think a lot of the trouble in this game comes from people  start getting parnoirkd people start getting impatient. Tony definitely has  some paranoia and o.c.d. Stuff. He spins a lot. His brain is going all the  time. This is a game of patience. Hopefully he doesn't do anything stupid.  I couldn't sleep, man.  Your mind keep cranking?  Yeah, man. My name is always coming up this, man. My name is always coming up  on the block, bro. This is where people start to panic, people start saying  lies, people captain believe each other. Looking at LJ Is like looking at  myself in the mirror-- he's sharp, he's keeping himself two, three steps  ahead. I would like to see LJ Gone, but I don't want to be the bad one  getting rid of LJ Because she my alliance. We're tight and he trust meas  100%. I have to try to trick LJ To make him break a promise he made to one of  our six. Once he does that, that's our safe way out. I am not only leading  the horse to the water. I’m going to make the horse drink the water.  Here's the thing, I know you don't want to break promises, but it might have  to-- if he's holding it and he knows--  he's got it, man, he's got it.  Then he's going to play it when he thinks he's gone.  And I’m hoping he doesn't get one of us or somebody out now.  Up to the get rid of him now?  Oh, man. No, no, I’m just--  if it settles your head. I’m telling LJ I’m very nervous about Woo having an  idol but it's not true. LJ Proposed to me let's blinded side Woo. I’m going  to tell people you don't know what he's thinking. He's quiet and sneaky and  that's more scary than a person like me. I’m in your face. LJ On the other  hand has been thinking about all you guys since day one behind your backs and  you don't even know about it. That's what I have to do. I have to pin  everybody against LJ  Tree mail!  Okay, dont sanded bag this one. When a revitalizing sensation. Bounce back  into competing shape with nourishment and rejuvenation. Spa da?  Spa day.  I was just thinking of how is nice that would feel.  Today we get tree mail and it says it's going to be a reward challenge. When  you go away fair reward and get pampered and people get sensitive and  emotions come out, they might form bonds. There's possibilityes of talk  there. There's possibilityes of strategies being mentioned and scenarios and  it's very scary and that's why I want to win this challenge. If anyone is  strategizing and coming up with plans, it's going to be me.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! You guys ready to get to today's reward challenge?  Yes.  Yeah.  Jeff: For today's challenge, you'll vied dWooid into three teams of three. On  my go you'll throw a rope through a ring, releasing sanded bags. You'll then  throw the sandbags as far as you can through a net tunnel. Once you work  together to maneuver them all the way through, one tribe member will bounce  the sandbags off a trampoline, attempting to land them into a series of  pacificets. The first team to get one sandbag in each of the five baskets  wins reward. Want ton what you're playing for.  Yes.  Yes.  Jeff: For 23 days you've been sleeping on bam boorks putting your body  through unusual physical demands, and the only thing close to hygiene is  rinsing off in the rain. So today, the winning team will enjoy a "Survivor"  spa reward. You'll take a shower, a real shower. Shower-- shampoo, soap.  You'll then have a massage, work out all those aches and pains. You will then  have a spa lurch-- chicken wraps, spring rolls. Fresh, cool, tropical  cocktails, just what you need to rejiewf 98 your mind and your body for these  last 16 days out here. All right, we're going to draw for teams. We'll get  started. All right, we have our three teams. Jefra, Trish, and LJ Kass, Tasha  and Woo. And Spencer, Tony, and Jeremiah. Big, rejuvenation reward on the  line. Here we go. Survivors ready? Go. Jeremiah, Tasha, and LJ Tossing the  rope. You're trying to loop it around that hoop. Once you do, that will  release the sandbags. Jeremiah has it on his second toss. Early lead for  gemay, Spencer, and Tony. Jeremiah is also going to be the one throwing the  sandbags. You have to go get it.  Come on, LJ, you knot this, baby.  Jeff: A little learning curve to this like most challenges. You have to throw  those sandbags as far as you can through the net. LJ Has it through the hoop.  And releases the sandbags. LJ, Jefra, and Trish now moving on to the second  phase. It is Woo, Tasha, and Kass bringing up the rear. There Woo has it.  There you go. And he releases the sandbags. Now you've got to get those bags  through the tunnel.  You got it. We're in it.  Is that it?  Let's go, let's go, let's go.  Jeff: Gemay has all the sabd bags through. The ones you didn't get through,  you've now got to work through. Woo now getting a hang of it. LJ, I don't  think he missed one. Made up a lot of time for the owner team.  Here gu, last one.  Jeff:  jeff: Woo is still tossing them through. There it is, go. The next phase is  working them all the way through will the tunnel. This requires a lot of team  work. Green still with a pit of a lead. Orange right behind them.  Put your fingers through.  Got it.  Jeff: Jeremiah, Tony, and Spencer have all 20 of their sandbags. Load them in  the basket, now start bouncing them off the tramp leap. Tony ising if to be  doing the bouncing. Woo, Tasha, and Kass still work the bags through. Tony  land his first one.  Nice!  Jeff: Tone land a second one.  Tony land a third one! Three in a row for Tony. The owner team has all 20 of  their sandbags. Jefra now going to start bouncing.  Retrieve, retrieve, retrieve.  Jeff: Green team with a big lead right now. Purple team now has all 20 of  their bags. Woo is now bouncing. Everybody is now bouncing sandbags off the  trampoline. And Tony with the fourth bag.  One more, one more.  Jeff: Tony need one more and he disw it. Tony, Jeremiah and Spencer win  reward, spa day.  Nice job.  Good try.  Jeff: All right, Spencer Tony, Jeremiah, nice day in for you. First you get  clean with a nice shower. Then a nice massage, and then a. Grab your stuff.  Out. Enjoy the afternoon. Trish, Jefra, LJ, Kass, Woo, Tasha, got nothing for  you. Grab your stuff, head back to camp.  Winning a reward sometimes can be very crucial to the game I’m going to talk  to Spencer and Jeremiah because I’m thinking of blinded siding LJ You might  as well call me the opportunist. Because if I see an opportunity I’m going to  jump on it. Coming back from the challange, I’m just picturing myself getting  mani and pedi, and a nice, cold one boom, I snapped back into reality, like,  oh, man, I’m going to be probably spend hours on the fire and, you know,  eating a plate of white rice but, you know. On a lighter note, it's kind of  nice to know that my boy Tony is going to keep an eye on Spencer and Jeremiah  and just make sure they don't jeopardize our game plan.  They earned it. They kicked our butt.  They did, they really did.  Don't get me wrong. I would have loved to have this hit. I think we all would  have.  Right.  At this point, at least we're still here. Everybody is down because we didn't  win the reward but personally it doesn't bother me as great as it would have  been. I’m still here in the game and I do believe in our core six and I think  weul know it's best if we stick around-- together right now.  Tony's got major anxiety right now. He's like what, do you think of the idol?  I think Woos that? Should we get rid of Woo soon? Should we get rid of Woo  now? Some I’m just trying to calm him down.  Right.  We have plenty of votes.  What's he worried about, yeah?  The fact that Tony got a lot of votes at tribal council made him really feel  like, "they want to get rid of me. They want to get rid of me." but  it doesn't matter. I built a strong bond with Tony because my loyalty is  there. I pulled the idol out for him and I trust he'll do the right thing.  These three people have to go before anything-- tash, Spencer, ask Jeremiah.  If any of those three go to the end, they win.  Absolute.  In the bottom line, we need to put out Tony's fire.  I'll put out Tony's fire.  Or else we're screwed.  Tony is panicking because he thinks Woo might have found the idol. I know how  to get to Tony. I can tell Tony he need to relax. S down we have to stix with  sick with the stix.  I made a plan for future and it relies on patience and slong go with the plan  we coal everything.  I think the six of us should stay strong because that's want best scenario  for us three sitting here.  Welcome.  Just grab one?  Vodka and rum.  Thank you.  Thank you!  For me, reward challenges are a chance to better my position in the game.  Right now, I definitely have the odds stacked against me. I’m not in a  powerful position. And I’m down but I’m not out. And i've been down before.  And I got back up. So there's no reason I can't get it back.  This is quite awesome. This is what we get. I was happy to be paired up with Jeremiah,  who is kind of like my right-hand man at this point, and tone, a guy I would  like to hear from and see where his head is at. Who knows? Maybe it will give  me new life in the game.  Oh, I feel good.  What's up, Spencer. Do you want to talk strategy, see where your head is at?  Yeah.  You guys think you're going to get picked off one by one?  I don't know.  It's never that easy, man.  It depends where your head is at.  Are you comfortable where you are right now?  Never comfortable, my friend. Something is going to happen. You giens it.  Hang in there until the time comes, and when the time comes i'll approach you  guys. You know that.  The question swill that time come when we're here?  I think so, I think so, man.  I think basically we're pawns on the board but you can use us if you want.  Talking to Jeremiah and Spencer is allowing me to have another big move that  will get me to the top. I just need the vote when it's time to take LJ Out,  and then i'll go back to my alliance but right now they're desperate. When  people are desperate, you do the thinking for them. Whatever I tell them,  they go with me. If they go against me, they're sealing their own fate.  That feels good right there.  Oh, my gosh.  This is nice, man.  Oh, my gosh.  I never had anything like this before.  Are you now, buddy.  Yeah, I’m in it.  We could work something out, man, you know what I mean? I need to keep you  guys when I’m ready to make a big move on my team. I’m sure somebody is  thinking we have to get rid of Tony sooner or later. Tone's' threat. They're  look at me that way. I need you guys to help me advance. The next tribal  council I can't get rid of two two. I like big move.  Tony is saying he's guaranteeing he has my back. His wheels are turning and  he's playing the game. Right now I have to believe him a little bit. Still I have  my doubts. He might be playing us. H it just happened we got here by chance. We picked rocks purpose we were on  the same team and that's how the game changed. That's how the game changes  all the time. It's as simple as all that.  Right now i'll be honest. I don't trust Tony that much. Tone seplaying a lot  of people right now. He's juggling a lot of because, and I’m just one of  them. He doesn't this, but I have an idol. If I feel uneasy, I won't hesitate  to use it. I'll tell Tony I trust him 100% because if he can take me a little  further down the road, I might find the detour that could take me all the  way.  I ate a lot, bro.  It was like a picnic. Just started pigging out. No, it was nice.  It's day 25, and I’m in a three-person alliance up against a six-person  alliance. It doesn't take a c.p.a., like myself, to do that math. So I need  to convince someone to flip or make a big move. And I think LJ Is smart  enough to realize that Tony is not going to take another strong guy to the  end. Would you be willing to talk?  I mean, I’m always open to listen.  I have a proposition for you. It's really good, too.  Tasha wants to take me aside and have a conversation. I told her I was  willing to listen, but Tony is a flaming ball of anxiety right now, and if I go  take a walk somewhere with Tasha, that is just more fuel to the fire. Either  way, there's no situation where I feel like she can benefit me in my future  game play. Because I trust tone pep he's the reason I’m still out here. So as  long as we stick to the plan we have intact, we'll be good.  I invited LJ To rendezvous with me to discuss some strategy, and he stood me  up. If LJ Was man enough to make a big move, he can take jeff rarks Spencer, Jeremiah,  and i, and blindedide Tony. But it's clear tone serun the show around here  and everyone is under Tony's thumb. So unless something changes, I’m screwed.   Tree mail!  Yes, all right.  Feeling good al already!  Let's see here. "purple, blurk yellow, and red. Like sunsets, the colors  are vivid. Black and blues could bruise your ego and being voted out could  make you livid."  okay...  This challenge today is huge. I’m thinking in my head, LJ's a clever guy.  It's going to be a matter of who throws the first punch between the both of  us. Timing is everything, and this could be my time to strike. If LJ Doesn't  win immunity, he might be the next one going home.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: First things first-- spencey, take it back.  I'm let you hold on to it for me, jeff.  Jeff: Okay. Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. R 25 tas days out  here, the toll this game has taken on your bodies is evident. Today we're  going to see what it's done to your minds. Today's challenge will test your  memory. I’m going to show you a series of calend colored tiles. You're going  to repeat them back to me. Get it right, you stay alive. Get it wrong, you're  out. Last person left standing wins e,guaranteed a one in eight shot at  winning this game. Losers, tribal council, where somebody will be voted out. We'll  draw for spots and get started. All right, here we go. First round. Yellow.  Blue. Red. Green. That's it. All right, grab your first color. Place it up  top. And drop it. Everybody says yellow. Everybody's correct. Next color. And  everybody drop. Everybody says blue except Trish. Trish, that means are you  either about to win this challenge or you are the first person out. Do you  think it is?  I'm the first person out.  Jeff: You're the first person out.  Shoot!  Jeff: Blue was the correct color. Trish got it wrong. Have a spot on the  bench. Next color, and drop it. Everybody says red except Woo. Green is not  right. The correct color was red. Woo is out of the challenge. Take a spot on  the bench.  It's hard tong, man.  Jeff: All right, last color. Everybody drop. Everybody says green.  Everybody's right. Everybody stays alive. Moving on to the next round.  Release all your colors, we'll go again. All right, here we go, next round.  Red. Green. Purple. Black. Blue. Green. Blue. All right. Let's do it.  Everybody drop your first color. Everybody says red. We are off to a good  start. Everybody drop your next color. Everybody says green. Once again,  everybody right. Next color. Everybody says purple. Everybody right again.  Next color. Everybody says black. Everyone is right. Next color. Blue is  right. Everybody got it right. Next color. Something you would do in grade  school can be so difficult after 25 days of deprivation. Everybody drop. LJ, Tasha,  and Tony said green. Jefra, cas, and Spencer said yellow. Jeremiah said red.  Correct answer-- green. Jefra's wrong, Kass got it wrong. Spencer got it  wrong, Jeremiah's wrong. Take a spot on the bench. We are down to three-- LJ,  Tasha, and Tony. Big immunity on the line. Last color. Everybody drop. We  have three different recall colors. Lk has red. Tasha has blue, Tony has  yellow. Tony, you're shake your head.  Jeff: I think it was wrong. It was not yellow. It's not yours. Take a spot on  the bench. That leaves us with two. How confident are you LJ?  Pretty confident.  Jeff: How about you Tasha?  Same for me.  Jeff: One of you is right. One of you is wrong. Correct answer is... Blue. LJ's  wrong. Tasha wins individual immunity. Congratulations. ( applause ) Tasha,  come on over.  Way to go, Tasha.  Jeff: No better time than right now to have immunity for you.  I need it.  Jeff: Tasha safe at the vote tonight. As for the rest of you, somebody going  home tonight. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. Congrats.  When Tasha won the immunity, immediately my mind started cranking. All we  need to do is split the vote 3-3, so if everyone sticks to the plan one of  them is going home.  Thank you, guys.  Congrats.  Good job.  That was tough, man. I missed the blue, man. By one I missed it.  I'm so excited. This was a do-or-die challenge for me today. I knew I had a  one-third chance of being voted out tonight, so this pretty little thing  around my neck secures three more days in this game for me. So, in your face,  LJ  Here's my deal-- I think we split the vote.  Why-- why split? Because of the idol?  Yes, if somebody flips--  nobody is going to flip at this same of the game.  All right.  I mean I hope not.  That's the best play.  I actually, for the first time in this game feel comfortable. We have a  majority of six. So Spencer and Jeremiah are easy pickings. But Tony's  concerned that Woo might have an idol, and maybe we should do something about  it, which is so stupid. I mean, we made a plan that we all agreed to. We all  did our pinky swear, so we just need to stick to the plan.  Who is voting for who?  Boys vote for Jeremiah.  We vote for Spencer.  All right.  Here's the deal-- I’m not going to wait to get a punch thrown at me by LJ He  said he was willing to blindside Woo. It's true I set him up but I’m going to  try to pin all the trouble at camp on LJ, I have to strike now before he gets  the idea of doing it to me. But first I have a lot of work to do.  He-- he might blindside you, and I dont like that. If he's willing to break  his promise for you, he'll be willing to break his promise for me.  That is ridiculous, though, man. I was 100% down with the six. But,  apparently, LJ, mr. Con man, for some reason wants to blindside me. If he's  coming to Tony, my closest ally, and saying Woo is going to go, we might have  to make a big move before he does.  He's willing to burn you. So if you want to-- you want to have another shock  face? Yeah, I mean, I’m down with that. I trust Tony that he's got my back.  So it's great to have him on my side. And if all goes well, man, it's going  to be another huge night at tribal council.  Here's what's going to happen. Trust me, please, Spencer.  Tony initially wanted to save me and Jeremiah for a later move. But,  apparently, LJ Is plotting to get out Woo. So Tony's ready to make a big move  now.  I'm definitely stoked. It's kind of like christmas morning eye woke up  expecting to see nothing but ashes and coal under the tree, and there's this  present of "let's vote out LJ" it's kind of too good to be true.  This could be a big lie so that I don't play my immunity idol tonight. Still,  I’m going to take anything I can get right now because if I can just get a  little bit further down the road, have a few votes go my way, it's a whole  new game for me. So things are happening right now. Tony's probably targeting  LJ I mean, if you're solid--  i'm solid with you. And we'll be solwid them. I came into this tribe with  nothing.  So we just gotta be careful because he's a smart guy.  He's very dangerous. You know that. He's very dangerous.  Right now we can just let them kill each other and we're good.  Let's do it.  LJ Was concerned that you were really worried about Woo.  I wasn't concerned. He was concerned. He wanted to vote him out, and my face  turned colors because it was like we had an agreement.  He told me you wanted to vote him out.  I know you like LJ, but I think he's sneaky, Trish, man.  He told me that you thought Woo was a threat and that you were panicking and  that you wanted to throw Woo out but that he didn't think that was a good  idea.  Moarks man, he's lying to you. What do you think LJ Wants, to come in fourth  place? It's me, it's you and it's Woo. It's us three against Jefra and LJ You  don't think he's thinking about that? He's already planning ahead, Trish.  What are you proposing?  I'm not proposing anything right now.  Tony is get really, really paranoid. He told me today at the well that LJ Is  trying to break the six but LJ Told me a totally different story. He said,  "oh, my god, Tony is totally freak out. He wants Woo gone." so I don't  know what to believe now.  Say me, you, Woo, throw LJ's name down, right, and then we tell tash, Spencer,  and Jeremiah to throw LJ's name down--  i'm still thinking we should all keep our promise to the final six. Don't you  think that?  I would think so, but now I don't trust LJ  I just-- why do you think he told me yesterday that you wanted Woo off, and  it was him that--  i don't know. He's going to try something sneaky, man.  I don't think so.  Oh, man, Trish, you don't see it, man.  It's definitely possible LJ Is up to something. I think LJ Is up to a lot  because he wants to win but Tony has also played me and I am gullible but I’m  not stupid so there's no way I’m breaking up the six.  Everyone's good, right? You're sure?  I think so when Tony had his name written down four times--  he was pissed.  He was pissed. And I said, "just take a chill pill. Of.  Nobody needs to meas this up right now. I love a good blindside, but it's too  soon. No one wants to make a big move right now. You'd be stupid, and I think  Tony knows that. All six of us are in a great position as long as we stick  with our alliance.  Do you think he's going to go through with it?  I don't know. I’m 50-50 on him.  Right now, I have a huge plan in play but Trish is telling me let's keep the  six strong so if I get rid of LJ There are going to be a lot of hard  feelings. Trish has been with me since day one. She is my closest ally but if  I do this she could turn her back on me and that the whole thing would blow  up in my face. If that's the case, I have to stick with my alliance. In life,  as in "Survivor" you need to know when to kiss ass or kiss ass, and  right now I might have to kiss ass, and get rid of Spencer or Jeremiah.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Sarah, and Morgan, voted  out at the last tribal council. So, Jeremiah, unless something drastic has  changed, it would seem that you, Tasha, and sperns would all still be in  trouble with the other six still tight.  Yeah, that's a strongs six right there. You know, me and Spencer is kind of  looking at each other like, oh, man, this ain't good.  Jeff: Kass, you're a big reason we now have this division. Is there any  empathy from you towards these three that you used to be a part of?  I feel like it's the game, jeff, and from hereon out people might start  making moves like what I made. You can't play this game and not get a little  dirt. Tony, Kass says you can't play this game without getting a little  dirty.  Yeah, that's true, jeff. It's just a bunch of confusion out here but don't  know who is saying what, who is telling the truth. When we come to this game  we're accepting fact that we're going to be deceived, that we're going to get  stabbed in the back, and that's why I brought my bag of tricks with me today.   Jeff: What's in the bag of tricks.  We'll probably find out tonight but it's something to make me feel more  comfort here tonight.  Jeff: Tasha, that's what you want to hear. If there's a tight six, why would Tony  say I brought my bag of tricks and we'll probably find out tonight?  That's why I’m glade have this lovely necklace around my neck. Alliances  appear really tight, but the longer you can stay in it, the more you might  see fractures in tight alliances.  Jeff: LJ, Tasha just used air quotes to describe your alliance.  I think that she's just getting a reality check and is hopeful that there is  some sort of crack in our alliance.  Jeff: Were you approached today by Spencer or tawsh or Jeremiah to look for  that crack jiefs vaguely approached. But I took a step back and realized  there's no treen cause anxiety moongz the group. I mean, we're pretty water  tight.  Jeff: In your line of work, LJ, how big is loyalty?  It's huge. Put it's a very difficult thing to find. ...  Jeff: So do you feel like you're a good gauge of it?  Yeah, I mean, I think I have a very sharp eye. I’m very honed in to things  that can be disloyal and so I think I have a pretty good gauge.  Jeff: Tony, line of work, what do you do?  Construction.  Jeff: Loyalty play a part in the construction business?  Yes, you'll see it over and over, jeff. You turn your eye, one of your tools  is missing. Trust is a very, very difficult thing, jeff, especially in "Survivor."   jeff: Kass, loyalty, come into play for you?  At home, yes. But I tried to check my life at the door when I came on here.  You have to be 100% selfish if you're going to get fire in this game. It's  "Survivor, not life but it's hard to reconcile that. That's the beauty  of the game, you're constantly fighting with whether you're a player or  person and can you be both of these?  Jeff: Woo, if loyalty is very important, when do you get to the point where  you say I have some threat to my aexpliens I i need to get rid of them?  At this point, jeff, everyone is going to be prone and susceptible, a little  paranoia. Our six is still strong so might as well go with the flow, start  taking out the bottom three, but we're going to come to that time where we're  gog have to naik moves.  Jeff: Spencer, do you look that six and think I i know who is on the bottom?  I don't know who is on the bottom. I don't. But I do know one is on the  bottom but if you're one being told we're a tight six, there are no divisions  in the six, maybe you're on the bottom. And it is time people start thinking  about how can I put myself in a position to win?  Jeff: Trish, is there any part of you thinking, some somebody's on the  bottom, this is the time to make a move?  Well think of, I think this "brady bunch" is going to become very  disfunctional very quickly. I think I got very comfortable thinking we're six  and they're three and then you start thinking it doesn't end at this. It  really begins at this because something has to break and that's what I anticipate  is going to happen.  Jeff: It will happen. The question is when? It could happen tonight. If it  did, that would be something I would be completely unaware of. But every time  I come to tribal council, this place goes crazy. But that's what makes it so  fun and that's what makes your stomach sick at the same time.  Jeff: All right, it is time to vote. Woo, you're up.  Fingers crossed. Here's to another blindside. .  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay, once the votes are  read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, LJ LJ Lk. That's  three votes LJ Jeremiah. Jeremiah. Jeremiah. Three votes Jeremiah, three  votes LJ Spencer. One vote Spencer. LJ That's four votes LJ Three votes Jeremiah.  One vote Spencer, one vote left. Ninth person voted out and the third member  of our jury, LJ You need to bring me your torch.  Well played. Is there LJ, the tribe has spoken. Time to go.  Good luck, guys.  Did you flip? Wow.  Jeff: Well, tonight's vote and reactions to it is proof once again, "Survivor"  is an individual game. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night.  Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs,  jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor":  today I’m on a mission.  Jeff: Tony will stop at nothing to stay ahead of the game.  I'm going to try to get up there.  Jeff: While Woo's mission for food goes horribly wrong.  Yeah!  Come on down, brother!  So I was clearly blindsided. It's very hard to find the balance between  patience and being assertive, because if you move too soon, you can bite  yourself in the butt. But if you wait too long, you  can see yourself looking into a lens saying where did I go wrong?