<br/>jeff: Previously on "Survivor": Everyone was battling for hidden  immunity idols, and it was Spencer who found one.  It was a plain old idol but I bought myself a lot of time, potentially.  Jeff: But the idol with different powers was yet to be discovered.  It's a security blanket that I would love to cover myself with. I need to  find that eyeol.  Jeff: There was also a battle between two alliances.  We have a majority of six, Tasha, Spencer, and Jeremiah are easy pickings.  Jeff: But at the last reward, Tony saw a chance to use the immunity award to  his advantage.  When it's time to take LJ, out, i'll go back to my alliance.  Right now we'll let them kill each other and we're good.  Jeff: At tribal council, he got what he wanted. Ninth person voted out and  the third member of our jury, LJ Blindsiding LJ And his alliance. LJ, the  tribe has spoken. Eight are left. Who will be voted out tonight.  I love this game.  So who all flipped? Just Woo.  And Tony?  Yeah.  Tony and Woo.  What was your reasoning?  I have a few reasons.  Okay, let's talk about it.  I couldn't tell you about LJ, and I couldn't tell tricia about LJ, and I couldn't  tell Kass because you guys like LJ, and you guys wouldn't understand where I’m  coming from.  Tony completely bamboozled LJ As first I felt like, wow, I wish I kind of  knew but immediately I knew why he didn't tell me. He was afraid the plan  would get destroyed so I wasn't mad. I still trust Tony and Tony still trusts  me.  Is this a one-vote alliance?  Yes.  You are telling me I’m on the bottom of the alliance.  You asked me--  you're right. It doesn't.  I like to plan around what I think people are going to do. Tony is not so  predictable. Tony likes big moves, and I’m not going to complain about it  because it benefitted me, but he could do the exact same thing later, and I can't  always count on him.  We tell Woo we were getting Cliff out? No. Sometimes you can't tell people  things because it's just going to create chaos.  The sooner we make a move fancy Tony, the for the. I’m very tight with Jeremiah  and Tasha. Now it's a matter of finding out which stragglers we take along to  make moves with.  Right now, my red flag's raised because I blindsided LJ I’m in trouble so I’m  going to have to do something to get myself out of it. Most people, including  myself, we go all the way to the water well, because it's a bit further away  from camp where people can't hear you and that's where they talk strategy. So  I started to working on blueprints to make a nice little shack around the  water well. The water well is here. There's a tree there. And I put some  bushes and some shrubs and some broken branches where I can hide right in  that and I’m within five spheet away. That's where i'll be the the most  patient, when I’m sitting in my spy shack.  I'm sorry, but I don't want to be fooled by Tony because I feel like,  honestly, he is playing us, Trish. Is there even an alliance, do you think?  I do think there is. I think if the five of use I think the alliance still  stays strong. Just without LJ  Okay.  Because then we just continue to take out those three, right?  Right.  But I definitely think that Tony went into the wrong business. I think he's  an academy award-winning actor.  I know, but we gotta be careful with that.  When I was doing my surveillance dihear Jefra and Trish talking, and Trish  said Tony is going to win an academy award for his acting skills.  I'm okay with blindsiding LJ And getting him out, but it's the way he went  about it that makes me not want to trust Tony. You know, he lied to my face.  He wants to say we have an alliance?  Right now in the game I trust Trish. I trust Woo. I trust Kass. That's pretty  much it. I don't really trust Jefra anymore because she doesn't truff me. And  if she doesn't trust me, I’m not going to trust her. So now I’m in trouble.  Captioning brought to you by Survivor productions, cbs, and ford. Drive one.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! You guys ready to get to fade's reward challenge?  <br/>Yeah.  Jeff: For today's challenge, you will be divided into two teams of four. On  my go, you will race out to collect paddles. Once you have all the paddles,  two tribe members will use them to solve a word puzzle. Do you want to know  what you're playing for?  Yes!  Jeff: The winning team of four will leave here and be taken to one of the  most spectacular natural landmarks, the kulau caves, where you will njoy a  barbecue lunch-- chicken chicken. Ribs.  Oh, my gosh!  Jeff: Potato salad.  Oh, my gosh!  Jeff: Chocolate chip cookies.  Ah!  Jeff: Worth playing for.  Absolute.  Jeff: We'll divide into teams. We'll get started. Let's do it! We have our  two teams. For the orange team, Kass, Trish, Tony, and Woo. For the purple  team, Tasha, Jefra, Spencer, and Jeremiah. Here we go, for reward. Survivors  ready? Go!  Hop in, hop in, hop in!  Jeff: Jefra right out of the gate struggling, didn't get in the boat fast  enough, and that's slowing down the purple foursome. Owner all over the  place. These are big boats. They're not easy to maneuver.  Don't worry. Stay in one spot! Stay in one spot!  Right side, right side stroke!  Jeff: All about team work. You've got to go all the way out before you can  head back and start collecting paddles.  I'm not in panic mode.  Jeff: Tasha doing a good job of leading her team. Tasha and Jefra, Spencer and  Jeremiah in the lead, heading for their first box of paddles. There are eight  paddles total, four boxes. Tasha untying the paddles for her team. Woo going  to untie them for his team. There are two paddles in each boggs, once you  have them head on to the next box. Tasha has the first paddle.  I got it.  Jeff: Woo has the first paddle for his team. Tony now helping Woo. Tasha  doing it alone. Tony and Woo have now taken the lead. Tasha finally has a  second paddle. Orange now has a rhythm. Woo going to start in on the second  box of paddles. Purple heading out now. They're looking for their second box.   I'm sorry. Jefra, are you okay?  Don't worry about it. Just keep going.  Jeff: Woo and Tony have the second paddle for the orange. They continue to  stay in the lead. Jeremiah still working on those knots. Tony lost a paddle!  He's got to go back! Going to cost his team a lot of time! You need these  paddles to finish. He's got it get on.  Keep going, keep going!  Jeff: No, you gotta get on this boat Spencer and Jeremiah now have the second  of their paddles. Tony back in the boat. We are even once again.  Right hard, right hard!  Jeff: Tony has the second paddle, orange heading out.  Let's go.  Jeff: Tasha and Jefra have the second paddle. They're heading out. We're  still neck and neck, one box left, two more paddles.  Right here.  Jeff: Toney and Woo working on those last two paddles for the orange team,  and purple has paddled past the pox. A huge time loss right there. They've  got to work their way back now. Tony working on that last paddle for the  orange team and he's got it. Head in, start working on your puzzle. Spencer  and Tasha need to pick it up.  Hard left! Hard left! Hard left!  Jeff: Purple team has their second paddle. They're back in it! Start moving  those paddles up top!  Jump out!  Jeff: Great team work by the owner team getting all their paddles quickly up  to the platform.  Get that last one, Spencer.  Jeff: Once you have all the paddles untied, you can start working on this  puzzle. Orange has all their paddies. Purple has all their paddles. Start  solving this puzzle. Put them up and let's look at them.  Jeff: It is Woo and Kass solving the puzzle for orange, Tasha and Spencer  solving for purple.  An n-o.  Jeff: It is a three-word phrase. First to finish barbecue afternoon.  Final, final.  Do it, do it.  Final, final.  They got something? Final.  Put fight right here.  Jeff: Think you have an idea, give it a shot. Spencer and tawshia look next  door.  Tribal?  <br/>Fight, fight, fight.  Jeff: Try to figure out what is this phrase? How does it connect to this  reward?  Worth fighting for.  Jeff: Woo and Kass going to change it around. They've got a completely  different idea. They're changing everything.  Get the "f." put the "f" on the end Spencer and Tasha  look next door. Now they think they know what it is. Could be a race to the  finish. The question is are you right?  Yeah, that's it, that's it. It's not it. It's not it.  Yes, it is. Maybe it is.  How? Why has the "why" gone?  Jeff: Tasha, Jefra, Jeremiah, and Spencer win reward!  I'm so sor vee for headbutting you.  That's what I said. How is "y" in fighting.  Jeff: Jefra Spencer, Tasha, gemay, huge victory, great reward. Grab your  stuff and head out and enjoy it. Kass, Woo, Trish, Tony, to the nothing for  you. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp.  When we lost today's challenge the first thing that comes to my mind is we're  in trouble. Tony's in trouble too but we're all in trouble, too. There are  four people-- Spencer, tawsh, Jeremiaha, Jefra-- Jefra that doesn't believe  in me anymore, that doesn't believe she's in an alliance anymore. That's a  problem. Bad things are going to happen.  I have never been so bitter about a loss, but I should have given them  credit, man.  The worst part is tawsh, Jeremiah, and Spencer--  they're going to pull in-- they're going to talk to Jefra.  I'm just tired of it, tired of losing. But if I want a million dollars, I need  to stick with this five-- Woo, Tony, Trish, and Jefra.  I'm going to go get some water.  Do you need help with that.  No.  From my point of view, Tony felt threatened and got rid of LJ I’m not  offended by someone making a move. Tone seannoying but nigh myphilosophy is  get rid of the annoying people.  We didn't promise with you, but we promised us and we include you in the  promise because we department brang breakour promise to LJ We have to, Trish.  You know how dangerous this game-- the reward is.  How do you feel about Jefra being over there?  I don't know, but I feel pretty confident about the lemon trees and papayas I  think I just found. If anybody wants to come with me, i'll strategize all day  long.  I'm trying to tell Trish I’m trying to do something, enlighten them on what's  going on, how crucial this was today. This could be the beginning of the our  demise. She's saying wher where are the limes and papayas.  Will you come with me Woo? You can climb a little bit and I need someone to  climb.  So Tony will strategize by himself. I’m going to look for the idol. Expliems  papie as. You've got to be kidding me. As far as the idol hiding in the  riverbank, it's very possible that Spencer, tawsh, or Jeremiah had it. But  when we had a merge it said, "hidden near camp is an idol with special  powers." that's all I know about it. Let me find that idol. I'll be  super Tony. Tony in trouble no more. Where is this thing, man?  Can you see that? Oh, my god! Look at them!  They look like Morgan's boobs. Another don't go up any further than that.  Just shake yeah! Yeah!  Heads up!  I'm jerking this papaya tree, shaking, shaking, shaking, boom! And I get at  least seven monster papayas.  Nice, Woo. Nice. Are you okay?  That branch I had in my right hand was a dead branch they didn't realize, and  from there I was trying to pull a sylvester stallone Cliff hanger, twing  swing my lift hand and as soon as I swing it snap, and I’m like ooohboom! Oh,  my butt.  Did you break it? Oh! Woo, are you okay?  Yeah, I’m cool. Hooo"h" thato-- that's a charlie horse.  I hope you didn't break your tailed bone.  It's like, wow, these guys are on an epic reward, and I’m thinking, oh, man,  this is exactly what I did not want to happen.  That's it. You're not going back up.  Oh, my gosh. Oh, my butt. But, you know, I was very lucky to come out of it  okay. We got some fresh papaya and some liems, so, you know, I’m pumped.  This is gorgeous.  This is crazy!  It's not every day that you get to experience something like this.  I've never been in a cave in my life.  Watch your step. It's slippery.  I'm good.  Wow! This is so cool.  The reward was really, really cool. The caves had a scale about them that was  just epic. There's no other way to describe it.  Wow! This is awesome!  Wow!  And here's your lunch!  Oh, thank you!  Oh, my gosh, look at this.  I'll leave you for a while. I'll be back soon.  Thank you so much.  Although the cave was magnificent, even more magnificent was table of food.  It felt like your hometown barbecue.  Let me load you all down. How many ribs you want?  Two.  You want two?  Okay, make it three.  It sounds good.  How is the tea.  It's good.  I was on the reward with no distractions with my core alliance, Jeremiah, and  Tasha, and Jefra, who we need to pull in. It was just perfect because I need Jefra  to feel good about us and our four.  How do you feel, Jefra?  I mean, I’m just really confused, I guess, at this point. Because they pulled  a big move, and I wasn't told about it, Trish wasn't told about it, and Kass  wasn't told about it. I was just whatever. But it really makes me question  where I am in the alliance is what it makes me question.  Or if there is one.  Exactly.  It's in no one's boston interest to keep Tony do we agree?  Agree.  Tony first, clearly.  Jefra, how would you feel about working with us?  I need another rib to think about this.  You can have all the ribs you want.  Anybody else want some.  Excuse me, I have something else for you, okay.  Oh!  Oh, my gosh!  Oh, my gosh!  Is that what I think it is?  I know what it is. Jefra knows what it is. Or before I could even get the letter from home in my hand I was squalling and  screaming and it was exactly what I needed. My mother's words hit home for me  so hard. And, you know, as much as you don't want to break down, suspects you  don't want to cry out here, sometimes it's your only option.  Whew.  I can't even look at my mom's handwriting. My mom says, "don't let your  kind heart be your downfall. Don't be scared to lie, although you're not that  kind of a person. S" so this is,ix, my sign they should probably jump  ship at this point. I’m a firm believer that everything happens for a reason.  There's not a doubt in my mind that I didn't win the reward challenge because  I need to do hear exactly what my mom was telling me. Final four?  Final four.  Final four.  Let's all shake.  Final four, baby bab.  You shook my hand before, buddy.  You shook my hand before. I’m holding you to this this time. You guys ready  to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yeah.  Jeff: You know what that means, Tasha, first things first. I will take it  back. Thank you. Once again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's  challenge, you're going to stand on the narrow beam while balancing a ball on  a platform. At regular intervals, your feet will move down to a more narrow  beam. Your hand will move further down the pole, making it more difficult to  balance. If at any point, you fall off the beam or you drop your ball, you're  out of the challenge. Last person left standing wins immunity, guaranteed a  one in seven shot at winning this game. Losers, tribal council, where  somebody will be voted out. Draw for spot. We'll get started. All right.  Everybody in their first position, place their balls on your platform, get  them steady, you can keep holding on until I tell you to release. Here we go.  3, 2, 1, release. This challenge is on, and the second it starts, the wind comes  up right on cue. That starts a lot of balls moving. Kass struggling to keep  her ball on that platform. Just like that, Jefra's out of the challenge. Ball  drops off. Jefra is the first one out. Tony now struggling to hang on. Trish  drops. She's out. Tony drops. He is out. When it happens, it happens fast.  Out of nowhere, Kass is out of the challenge. And we are down to four. Three  minutes in to this first round, first round will last 10 minutes. And then  we'll increase the difficulty. 10 seconds left in this round. I’m going to  count you down. Stay tight, because we're still hot. 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Everybody  is safe. Move down to the next level. Move your hand down one level on the  pole, and let's put your balls back up. All right, here we go. I’m going to  count you in. 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Release. Everybody is now in the second  position. You'll be here for 10 minutes. Tawsh with a little bit of trouble  right out of the gate, but quickly steadies it. Jeremiah cannot recover. Jeremiah  is out of this challenge. He will not know what immunity feels like. We are  down to three-- Woo, Tasha, Spencer. All three have won immunity. All three  know what that feeling of protection feels like. All three of them want it  again. 10 seconds left in this round. Another gust of winds up. Hang in  there. Don't lose it now. 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Everybody's safe. Nice work. Move  down now to therrowest portion of this beam. This iss difficult as this  challenge gets. All right. Now drop your hands down to the lowest part of the  pole. Everybody looks good. Place your balls back on the platform. I'll count  you in. 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. And this challenge is back on. The beam is more narrow  and you now have more pole to hold on to. Making it tougher to balance. It's  going to require more contake a recovery Woo doing a nice job but he can't  hang in there. Woo falls off, and we are down to two. Once again, Tasha and Spencer.  We've seen this showdown before. When Spencer pulled it out. There's no time  limit now. We just go until one of you falls out. Tasha with a nice recovery.  There you go. Get it back together. And you're good. Here comes a little wind  again. Spencer with a nice recovery but he can't do it. Spencer's o Tasha win  individual immunity, guaranteed a spot in the final seven. ( applause ) Tasha,  come on over. ( applause ) Tasha, once again, safe tonight at tribal council.  As for the rest of you, after 28 very difficult days, somebody's dream of  finishing this game and winning the million dollars will come to an end. Grab  your stuff. Head back to camp. See you tonight at tribal. Congrats.  Thanks, jeff.  I don't feel safe with Tony. The rest of the alliance believe everything the  man says like he's jesus or something. I’m more trusting of josh, Jeremiah  and Spencer at this point. And it could be my opportunity to get rid of Tony  now than getting rid of Tony later. That was good man. That third level I wasn't  going to make it along. Me neither. As of now the plan is for Spencer,  jerimiah, myself and jeffra to blind side Tony. The problem is it can be 4 and4  and we may have to do a revote and go to rocks but we feel the most important  person to vote out is Tony Wood. I’m not making a fire. I’m not boiling  water. I’m on a mission. I need an immunity idol. It's always something  iconic, some landmark. So I figured there's a crazy-looking tree behind tree  mail. I checked that when I first came here. I’m going to check that again. I’m  looking for that special idol. And you know what? I’m going to find it.  Please, man. Please be here.  You're really upset. I can see it in your face.  I mean, I know that you and Tony are really close, but I just don't feel safe  in our alliance.  We get back to camp, and I noticed something was wrong with Jefra. She-- she  wears her heart on her sleeve, and she was like-- almost looking like she was  on the verge of tears. She's feeling that she's at the bottom of the alliance  and she feels she can't trust Tony.  He wants to prevent he's playing both sides but I’m over his fakeness. I’m over  his lies about LJ Like, it's just-- he's getting on my freaking nerves.  So, I went to the crazy looking tree by tree mail. Nothing is there. I said,  you know what, let me just walk the path in case something pops out. This  looks like a rocket ship. I rup into a tree. It looked like a rocket ship. It  had these big roots. I have never seen anything like it. I said I have to  start looking here. So I start digging. I start scratching. ... And then I felt  something. So I took a piece of stick and I start digging, I start digging, I  start digging. I said oh, please, please, let this be it! Oh, my gosh! I almost  passed out. I was just so happy. And then when I opened it, it's a special  idol. Oh! Oh, my god! Wow! I love you so much, man. This special idol that I found  today is pryless. This hidden immunity idol upon keep you safe from being  voted out at tribal council. Unlike other hidden immunity idols this idol can  be played after the votes are read. After you see the votes you cannize it?  Everybody's eyes say bing. This only protects the person who find it. You may  not give this immunity idol to another tribe member. I gotta go wash up. I gotta  go wash up. I gotta go wash up. You know how powerful that is? I’m going to  show you how powerful that is.  You know what? Whenever you get rid of someone in this game that is annoying  you, you screw yourself.  Yeah. But like I just can't even stand him.  That's how everyone feels though. That's why you want to take him.  So this is the deal. We can't get rid of him tonight. If we get rid am huff  tonight we give those three more power and we can't do that because we're not  going to beat them in the end. Zimuch better shot of beating Tony. Tony, we  need to be able to trust you. We need to be able to trust you, because  otherwise--  don't insult me, Trish.  I know, I’m just saying--  don't insult me, first lady.  Everybody is paranoid you're playing double agent.  Who is, who is, who is?  Everybody is.  The whowbl double agent thing.  It makes everybody paranoid.  I understand that, Trish, but if you guys know who I am and you guys know  what I’m about, if you guys know I gave you guys my word-- one, two, three,  four, five. All three of them are gone. That I’m guaranteeing you.  I was questioning tonight's integrity, and he admitted the double agent isn't  going to work and Jefra needed to hear that I was calling him out, and that's  why I did what I did. But I think she's pretty loyal. I don't think she'll  flip.  I think Spencer has the idol.  I'm telling you. I know how to read people. Woo, what are you thinking?  If Spencer has an idol, then we're screwed. You know, Tasha's safe tonight so  for to us get rid of Spencer would be a no-brainer, considering he's good  with the jury, plus he is very capable of winning immunity challenges. Jeremiah,  on the other hand, is one of those athletes that threats our chances as well.  But there's one thing that we don't have 100% certainty on, and that's who  has a hidden immunity idol.  Jeremiah, I can talk to you just for one second? I know that I made a  commitment to you the other day, but I’m not going to be voting with you.  Okay, that's fine.  I hope you understand. It's just for my best interest in the game.  That's okay.  It's nothing against you perfectly.  I see Jefra with her old alliance, everybody but me, Spencer, and tash, and I  just knew something was up.  That's fine.  Sorry.  I didn't put a little bit of trust in her. She shook my hand. She promised us  and all that and I i guess I got the better of her.  No wonder you're so freaking hot!  So Jeremiah realizes there's a real possibility that one of us is going home  tonight. So he decided to let the cat out of the bag and say that he's a  fashion model.  He's a hot model.  It doesn't surprise thee mee that Jeremiah thinks him being a fashion mod  cell this big-deal, top-secret thing that he can't tell people. That's what  you would expect from the beauty tribe. So I decided to return the favor.  I got one thing I have to tell you, too.  Yeah.  All right. So --  you got the idol.  Shhh! Yeah.  Do you really?  I found it about a week ago.  You shut your mouth.  I told Tasha and Jeremiah about my idol, because now is the time to go for  it, roll the dice, take a chance. If it works out, it's another shot. You  know, the game is not over.  So who do we vote tonight?  Woo.  Why Woo instead of Tony?  I think just because he's the biggest physical challenge.  Okay.  I can play this thing for me. I can play it for Jeremiah. I could keep it.  But if I use it wrong, I could be kicking myself for the rest of my life.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Sarah. Morgan. And LJ,  voted out at the last tribal council. So, Spencer, last tribal, it looked  like you, Tasha, and Jeremiah were in trouble, and then LJ's blindsided. So  the question is, is the game up for grabs now?  The game was up for grabs for a while. But the three of us know where we  stand, which is on the outside.  Jeff: Jeremiah, you concur with that?  Yeah, I went to the reward yesterday, got to talk to Jefra a little bit,  tried to figure out if we could, know, upset this game somehow but she decide  to go back the other way.  Jeff: Jefra it sounds like you're very impressionable.  I was still bitter about everything with LJ And wondering where I stood in my  own alliance.  Jeff, the three of us didn't know. It wasn't just herself that didn't know.  It was all of us that didn't know.  To be completely honest, jeff, I started weighing out my options and I feel  more comfortable risking being blindsided by this alliance versus having to  sit in the final with tash or Spencer who would probably meet beet me at this  game.  Jeff: Spencer, you're disgusting.  It's just frustrating. If I were on the outside of a vote I wouldn't go back  to the camp wondering where I stood. I would go back knowing I was on the  outside and on the bottom. I mean, Tony swore on his wife and his tid kidto  everyone he's broken many of those promises. He will break more of those  promises. So Jefra's right-- this is the point in the game where you have to  look at the big picture and who you're playing with.  You can be specific when I broke that promise?  You've broken promises to many people.  Be specific--  LJ And I’m not admonishing you for breaking promises. I've done that, too.  I've lied, too. I’m just saying.  I didn't break promises. I did it for a reason.  I'll put it this way-- if Tony and any combination of you guys is in the end  my vote goes to Tony.  Mine, too.  Because Tony has been steering this game and you all haven't.  Jeff: Woo, good news or bad news to hear that three people who could end up  on the jury are saying if Tony's there, he's got three.  Yeah, these guys are rooting for Tony, and if he goes to the end, yeah, they  might vote for him, but the only way he's going to get there is with the help  of us.  I'm not rooting for Tony. I’m rooting for me upon I’m just saying I think  what tone sedoing is putting himself in a position to win.  We did have a conversation today you guys aren't aware expf we called Tony  out on all of his games and playing both sides and said we're completely  uncomfortable itw it.  It doesn't appear anyone seems alarpd.  We aralarmed. I called him right out. And he said he's going to stop his crap  and I hope he heard us.  Absolutely.  Loudly and clearly.  Absolute. Jeff in this game you have to make power moves but timing is  everything. Right now it would be a reckless move. In this stage of the game,  we have to keep solid to move forward. Right now for them to say come back  with us, that's a reckless move to do that.  Jeff: Okay, so if it is five versus three and you can't vote for Tasha, Woo,  how do you decide who you're going to vote for between Spencer and Jeremiah.  We weighed out the options who could possibly have a hidden immunity idol.  That's the biggest threat at this point. So it's going to be a tough one  because we could possibly give it to one of these guys who is going to play  the hidden immunity idol tonight.  Jeff: So Jeremiah, there has been a lot of cappedid conversation, and you  feel pretty cinsed it is you or spencener trouble tonight. What to you do try  to get ita off and you on to Spencer.  Spencer is a big threat. I love the guy to death but he's probably a bigger  threat in the game than I am.  Jeff: Spencer, how do you feel? He's doing what he has to do.  I definitely don't blame him for making those points. Maybe I’m perceived as  being a big threat. But you have to look at the spoacial game. This is one of  the most likable people i've ever met.  Jeff: Tasha, how do you guys decide who you're going to aim for. Honestly, we  voted for Tony last time, knowing we couldn't outvote them, and he was  upset--  i was nosutaccept.  We're not going to do Tony tonight.  You can't do Tony tonight because I have my bag of twriks me as usual.  So we picked someone.  I don't see you playing anything out of your bag of tricks.  Jeff: Spencer, Tony brought up the bag of tricks began and you laughed.  Never leave camp without it, jeff.  I don't know what's in his bag of tricks. I'd like to find out but I haven't  gotten the chance to.  Jeff: All right, it is time to vote. Kass, you're up.  Bro! This vote is a real bummer, dude! Man!  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so.  You can steal as many clues as you want, Woo. I've got the real thing.  Jeff: This is a hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast for sperns will not  count.  Jeff, do you the see the inexperience in the young lad. He was about to give  his idol to jeremy. He thought I was going to use mine. This is a fake idol,  by the way.  Jeff: Okay, i'll read the votes. First vote. Woo. Woo. That's three votes Woo.  Jeremiah. Jeremiah.  Sorry, buddy.  Don't worry about it. Jeremiah. We're tied three votes Jeremiah. Three votes Woo.  That's four votes Jeremiah, three votes Woo. Tenth person voted out and the  fourth member of our jury, Jeremiah. You need to bring me your torch. Jeremiah,  the tribe has spoken.  Yup.  Good luck.  Jeff: Another tribal council with another big move. Sometimes they work.  Sometimes they don't. But if you want to win this game, you have to keep  making them. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night.  Jeff:next time on"Survivor." welcome to the "Survivor"  auction. While everyone else's mind is on the auction. Spencer uses his  brain--  her saying she wanteds to vote you out wasn't a lie gla to change the game.  If I can make Tony paranoid, it's gold.  For some odd reason I guess they pin pointed me. Spencer done what he had to  do. He saved himself. I thought I could win $1 million. I feel like I played  a great game. I feel like I could have went all the way. 34 years i've never  done anything like this. I’m glad I had the chance to be able to come on and  compete and do the best I can.