<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor": Eighth person voted out and second  member of our jury. Jeremy after Reed watched the majority alliance turn on  one of their organic he saw an opportunity to flip the game. Using eastern on  the bottom.  As long as we can stick together and don't turn on one another, we'll figure  something out.  Yeah.  Jeff: Reed convinced the majority alliance to split their votes. But his real  plan was to vote out Jon, teaming up with Alec, Wes, and Keith.  Jon?  Yes.  It's an amazing plan but it has to be stuck to.  Jeff: But at tribal council, nothing went right.  I say stick to the plan. ( laughs ) that's all I can say.  Jeff: Wow. Keith gave away their plan.  Jeff, i'd rather play this than go home with it in my pocket.  Jeff: Two idols were played.  Here you go.  Jeff: And Keith's son, Wes, was voted out. Wes, you need to bring me your  torch.  Sly dog, you.  Good job.  Jeff: Wes, the tribe has spoken. Eight are left. Who will be voted out  tonight?  Oh, my God.  Tribal council was crazy. It didn't go quite as we anticipated, and Wesley  went home.  He panicked, and he played the idol.  How did he know that was the plan?  I'm pissed at Keith. Keith gave us away tonight. He's not very good at  tribal, and now I feel completely helps.  My alliance means nothing. We don't have the numbers. And I don't trust Reed at  all.  They're over there plotting their revenge right now. There's nothing worse  than angry girls.  That was the best blinds side sniff-out ever.  He was not going to play his idol, I was like, " why o, play your idol.  I'm glad you were sitting there.  I was like, "jon, play it, play it."  i was going to play it. I was going to play it.  No, you weren't, you weren't going to play it.  I was going to play it.  Jon said he was going to play the idol which was total bull crap. I convinced  him to play it. Jon is so concerned with looking like he's the masters mind  of what he does but he's not at all.  Who?  You're like, "i'm so glad that you told Jon to play the idol. Of.  Natalie?  Yeah. Like, when we talk about it later. The jury needs ton I said--  who's the jury? What are you talking about? Like who is sitting right here?  When I’m in the top three--  okay, well, what happens if I get in the top three and you don't.  That's fine.  So stop acting like you are going to--  babe. I'm-- i'm-- i'm-- i--  okay, but I feel--  i'll do anything I can to help your case.  I feel like that's the smallest thing you're pointing out to me right now.  That's the smallest thing.  Jaclyn gave Natalie the props for my play. We need this for jury. You can't  say that was her play, then she's going to use it. We can't do that thp  that's terrible. Babe, why are you freaking out?  Because you're like give me all the when it was me and Natalie helping you  with that decision jiervetion saying don't give it to Natalie.  I was so mad when he took credit for something that I helped him do, that he  was like, "stop saying you helped and Natalie helped. It was my  decision." I was like, screw you. I’m going to the top three then.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! You guys ready to get to today's reward challenge?  Yes!  Jeff: For today's challenge, we're going to see how well you know your  tribemates. I’m going to ask you a series of questions about the people in  this game. Get one right, you get to chop another person's rope. Once your  rope has been chopped three times, you're out of the game. Last person left  standing wins reward. Want to know what you're playing for.  Yes! , of course!  Jeff: The winner upon spend the arch on horses back through the countryside  of San Juan Del Sur. The ride will conclude at a beautiful resort where you  will enjoy a nice meal of barbecued beef, barbecued chicken, brownies.  Aahh!  Jeff: You'll spend the night and return to camp in the morning.  Oh, my God! Horses and brownies!  Jeff: Worth playing for, Baylor?  Oh, yeah!  Yes!  Jeff: All right, we're going to draw for spots. We'll get started. All right,  here we go. All of these questions pertain to people who were in the game  post-merge, got it.  Got it.  Got it.  From Julie down.  Jeff: First question, Natalie and Nadiya are twins. Who else has a twin  sibling? Go back to back while you're writing your answers so nobody can see.  When you have it, turn around, keep it towards your chest. All right,  everybody reveal. Everybody says Jeremy, except Keith, who says jax. Who's  jax?  Jaclyn.  Jeff: Oh, Jaclyn. Jeremy is the correct answer. Everybody got it right except  Keith. Take a steped for if you got it right. Natalie, you were up first, you  can chop anybody's rope you want.  Good for Reed, Reed.  Jeff: Natalie going after Reed. Right away. Reed takes his first hit. Three  hits and you're out of this game. Jon up next.  This is brutal.  Jeff: Here comes that famed, "oh, I hate to do this." Reed take his  second hit. Things not looking good for Reed going on a horses back ride.  That's all right, my family has 12.  Jeff:  oh, my!  Jeff: Alec, you're up. Alec heading somewhere new. Alec gives Natalie her  first hit with some authority. Missy, you're up. The game is getting personal  early. Missy going to put Reed out of his misery. And with that--  oh!  Jeff: Very symbolic in "blood versus water" that Reed is now  covered in blood, his skull crushed, no shot in this game. Jaclyn, you're up.  Jaclyn gives Alec his first hit.  I saw that one coming.  Jeff: Baylor, you're up. Baylor gives Alec a second hit. Reed, you still get  a hit because you got it right. Reed it out of the game but he gets one chop  and he gives it to Missy. Why Missy?  She crushed my skull.  Jeff: Reed, first person out, take a spot on the bench. Next question: Who  owns and operates their own tanning business? Everybody reveal. Everybody  says Julie. Everybody got it right. Jon, you're up. You got rid of Reed. Now  who you going after? Jon doesn't hesitate. Alec out of this game. Alec got it  right. He will still get a shot. A chance for a little payback.  Yup. Alec heads to Jon. With that, Alec is out of the game. Missy, you're up.  Missy going after Keith. Jaclyn, you're up. With that, Keith gets another hit  from Jaclyn. Keith. Where are you going?  Who knows?  Jeff: Missy takes her second hit. Baylor, you're up. Baylor could put Keith  out of it right here.  That's all right.  Jeff: Keith already heading over. He knows it's coming.  Oh!  Jeff: She's takes a vicious smash.  Disgusting. &gt;. Jeff: That was brutal.  Shows you where we stand, doesn't it?  What do we want to do.  Jeff: A lot of talking going on over there, Alec.  You guys have had two.  I'll go.  You haven't been to one yet.  They haven't been to one yet.  Jeff: Let me ask you guys a question. Is this going to be a friendly, we're  just going to see how this goes between of five of you for the rest of this  challenge?  Probably so.  Probably.  Jeff: Why are we wasting our time? I think this is just a big charade, and if  really all this is we're just throwing it until we get the person we want to  win, tell me who it's going to be.  Probably my mom is going to win.  I'm going to win.  Missy.  Jeff: Everybody else over here. Missy, come over to me. First time ever--  let's play for fun.  This is crazy.  A five-some is just going to give it to somebody. The five said let's figure  it out and they want you to win. So we'll end the challenge.  That's fine.  Jeff: That's fine. Everybody is good with this. You're in charge now. The  first thing you have to do before you go on your horses back ride is decide  who goes to Exile Island, and you already have a volunteer.  I'm going to send Jon.  Jeff: Jon you know the way. Grab your stuff and head out. All right, Missy,  now you have a tough decision. You're bringing two people on this reward. Who  do you want to choose to go with you?  Baylor.  Jeff: Daughter's coming to join momma. Now, you have one choice left, based  on what we just saw it would seem that it would be Jaclyn or Natalie. One's  going to join you, one will stay back with Alec, Reed, and Keith. What a fun  night that will be.  Okay, Natalie, come.  It's okay, girl. You have two dates with your boo, right, I ain't got now boo  out here.  It's okay.  Jeff: Jaclyn, hard?  Yeah, but I saw it coming. Those three are tight.  Jeff: A moment ago it was a happy five, so happy you said give it to Missy.  And now here we sit, Jon going to exile,ure and going back to camp and rice  with three people who probably don't like you very much.  We like her a lot.  I'm sure you do.  You like everybody, Reed.  Pause I’m a people person, Baylor. You're a brat.  Excuse me? Did you just call her a brat?  She's being a brat.  Wow.  Jeff: So, Missy, game just got very personal fur.  Sure. That's my kid.  I know it's your kid.  She's not a girl, she's a mom.  That's fine, I understand she's your mom. But you're-- how old are you,  20-something? If you're acting like a brat, I’m going to tell you, you're  being a brat right now.  Reed.  Missy.  You've been after everybody in this game--  how have I been after everyone.  Why don't you listen for one once, shut your mouth for once and I will tell  you. I have had your back multiple times.  You have not.  You lied to my face.  It's the game, of course, I’m going to lie to you.  Forget it. It's not worth it.  <br/>Jeff: Forget it?  It's not worth it. He can't listen. He doesn't know how.  Jeff: Missy, Baylor, Natalie, horses back riding, resort, great meal, good  night's sleep. Grab your stuff, head out, and enjoy it.  Hang in there, okay?  Okay.  Come on, girls.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: What just happened?  I feel like Jon sacrificed for our alliance, and I got the butt end.  Absolutely.  And the three top people just went off to go horses back riding. That's  honestly how I feel.  That's exactly what just happened.  That's how you should feel. Them three right there are tight.  Jeff: All right, Jaclyn, Alec, Reed, Keith, got nothing for you. Grab your  stuff. Head back to camp.  It was very telling. Missy chose Natalie. That makes me think that when its  does does come down to our five it would be Baylor, Missy, and Natalie. It  makes me second guess everything. Exile because there were two idols played  last night, and there was going to be a new clue for a new idol, so finding  this idol is something that's definitely going to help me. "sideways  tree marks the way to the treasure you crave the most. It's a drier trek at  least twice a day so enjoy a stroll along the coast." having a lot of  time on exile gives you a lot of time to think, and right now, my fear in  this game is that i've become the biggest threat, and that's scary because  people try to get out the largest threats, so I am not going to stop until I find  the dang thing. "sideways tree marks the way." I’m looking around  and I see cliffs all over the place, and there are trees hanging off of them,  just shooting out. "it's a drier trek at least twice a day." it's  not dry right now. I saw a bunch of sideways trees, and I started seeing a  lot of cracks and crevices. So I was thinking, you know, this looks like the  perfect place to hide an idol. There's the tree. Yes! Ha-ha-ha! Oh, man! I love  this! Finding this idol is something that's definitely going to help me and  refocus me even more on Jaclyn and i's future. You're beautiful.  What a perfect day!  This is the perfect reward for us to enjoy together. Riding horses was  amazing. Me got to see nicaragua from another view. We weren't stuck on the  beach anymore. We were taking it all in. It was absolutely magnificent. I don't  think i'll ever forget the experience.  Oh, my God.  Oh, my God!  We're at a palace!  I want to see the food and the pool! This is amazing. Salad, chips, beans.  You guys, this is unbelievable.  This is amazing. Missy, thanks so much for picking me.  Mom, thanks for taking your daughter.  To have Baylor and me together was fantastic, and to have Natalie along who  really adoars my daughter as a big sister kind of type, she'll be like a  daughter to me forever.  To the girls.  I couldn't have gone on that reward with anybody else and had that same  experience.  Jaclyn is such a little princess that you have to worry about Jaclyn's  feelings when picking me for reward.  She will flip. They are piling on tonight with ride, I know they are.  If Jaclyn tells Jon to come over with them, then we're in trouble. This was  the most amazing reward, but it's hard to have a good time daWes because  we're nervous that Jaclyn being back at camp with these three guys, she could  easily be swayed and told things that would change her mind about how she  feels about my mom, me, and Natalie.  Okay, we have to talk to you about something.  Me and Baylor have an idol!  We found it two days ago.  You little ( bleep ). Why did you keep this from me? I’m proud of my  daughter. She found an idol. I could not believe it. I was like, what? Today  proves to me that she's playing this game, and I’m going to pat her on the  butt the whole way through it.  So final three, how would you guys feel about going together?  I think that's okay.  You think that's okay?  I'd be down.  Final three with me, Baylor, and Missy would be a hands picked team. I would  be a sure win in my head. Anything could happen but I would be completely  comfortable going to final three with them. Do you want to split a brownie?  I want a full one.  What just happened?  I am so disappointed in myself.  Wait, why are you?  Because, I shouldn't have let Baylor get a rise out of me.  Yeah, she did.  She did, and I just-- I snapped. It has nothing--  and Missy's like--  it has nothing to do with the game. That's not the way I am in real life.  I didn't think Missy was going to take Natalie. Think about it. That's not  smart. Jon just went to exile, and I’m sitting there.  Yeah.  Maybe I’m just mad right now. It's just so fun they Missy would pick Natalie.  Like I don't know if that was the smartest move on Missy's part, and maybe  it's just me being hot headed and mad because I didn't get to go horses back  riding but that was dumb.  I'd like Jaclyn to enjoy her meal today.  It's about making her happy right now.  What do you think about that, and we'll start there with Jaclyn?  Naturally, the goal is still to make Jaclyn see the lodge nick what happened  today. Missy, Baylor, and Natalie will go to the top three, and they will  take out Jon and Jaclyn in the process. Hopefully, this illuminates that for  her and I’m hoping to be able to capitalize on that movinged for.  Girl, you got a shell full of rice.  All rice?  Yup.  That? That is not mine.  It is.  I can't eat that! Alec, Reed, and Keith are all, like, by me now and being  super nice and it's so funny. It's like, really, guys? And I want to say,  "stop, stop being fake." but at the same time, I’m interested to  see how tonight plays out with the guys, and what they try and pitch to me.  Both Missy and Jon are threats to one another. And I’m really curious to see  who's going to act first. And I just feel like Missy is already acting. You  know what I mean?  She just acted today. If you don't think she did.  Jon is so loyal, and he's it's about trust, and stuff like that. Which is  true. But Missy is more ruthless than that. I just don't want to see you guys  get steams rolled by that, you know what I mean?  So in that case I would go with you and the guys. S it not the first time Jon  has came back from exile and I was like hold the phone. We're flipping the  game. And we're in the middle again. It's so funny. I don't understand why  this keeps happening.  Man, that could be huge.  Welcome back.  We get back to camp from the reward this morning, and my fear for Jaclyn is  that Reed was going to bend her ear. So it's important to keep an eye out.  We need a--  good morning.  Hey, girl.  I have to keep nurturing Jaclyn to make sure that she knows that she's still  got me because I think Reed works fast, and who knows what Alec says.  Baylor gets on my nerves, man.  So are you like brother-sister, or what? Or would you take her on a date?  There's, like, no girl I’m taking on a date from "Survivor." you  know what I’m saying? Unless you're going to go on a date with me.  Shut up.  Jaclyn is a cool chick. I like Jaclyn a lot. So it was a smart move in making  her feel as comfortable as she can, and that doesn't mean she's going to vote  with us, but it's not going to hurt anybody. It's just kind of like cream  cheese-- you know, cream cheese you can't hurt many things with putting cream  cheese on it. You know I wanted to play with you and it seemed like you  didn't at all give me the time of day, you know what I mean.  Looking at Alec and Jaclyn, I’m thinking why is Jaclyn flirting with him? Jon's  been gone two days, and Alec and her body language is just really  inappropriate. If if I had a boyfriend here, I wouldn't be acting like that  with Alec.  I need to get fat.  I want to have a competition with you and Jon and Drew.  Let's do it.  It would be fun to go out.  It made me definitely feel suspicious that Jaclyn is working with Alec more  closely than I thought.  My concern is definitely that Jaclyn will be suede by aland he can the other  guys, and if she's swayed, then Jon is swayed, because Jaclyn and Jon do  everything together. So Jaclyn and Alec flirting and talking about the game  is just not okay.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! We'll now bring in Jon, returning from Exile Island.  ( applause )  how we doing, family?  What is on your face? So dirty.  How we can doing, guys? Come here, baby.  You're filthy.  I know, I love it, I love it.  Jeff: All right, you guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: First things first, Reed, have to take the necklace back. Nobody helps  me with the necklace. I like it. Nobody wants to let go.  You're so good at it.  Jeff: Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge,  you're going to balance an over-sized padole a stand. On my any, you'll roll  the ball down the paddle and attempt to land it in a hole. First person to  get one ball in each of the six holes wins immunity, safe from the vote,  guaranteed a one in seven shot at winning this game. Losers, tribal council, where  somebody will be voted out and become the fourth member of our jury. Big  stakes. We'll draw for spots. We'll get started. All right, here we go.  Everybody grab your paddles, make sure they're centered on that stand. Here  we go. For immunity. Survivors ready? Go. Six balls, gotta land one on each  spot. Which means you will have six balls on your paddle at one time. To win  this challenge. Jon right away lands a ball. That was fast. Reed lands one  right in the center. That's going to be tough to work around. Reed drops.  He's back to zero. Jon has his second. Jon's off to an early lead. Natalie  has one. Alec struggling. Keith lands his first ball. Missy has one. Alec has  one. Doesn't last for long. You have to go fast enough to beat the other guy  but you've got to be in enough control to make it work. Jon with his third,  extending his lead. Natalie has two. Keith has his second. Missy working on  that second. Missy has two.  Ah!  Jeff: Keith very close to his third. Oh, just falls. Keith with two. Jon working  on his fourth. No. Jon drops. Keith with his third. It's between Keith and  Jon. Each with three. Jon just drops his fourth. Everyone else is falling  behind.  Oh!  Jeff: Keith with his fourth. Jon still working on his fourth. Keith working  on the fifth. Keith has five. One left for Keith. Jon is going to have to  hustle now. Keith very close on that sixth. Oh, Keith drops a ball. The door  is open for Jon. Jon now with his fourth. Keith trying to get that sixth and  final ball. Jon working on that fifth. He's got to pick it up. Gotta land it  here. No, it drops. Keith, does he have the touch? He does! Keith wins  individual immunity!  Yeah! Golly!  Wow.  Jeff: Keith, come on over. ( applause )  jon, Reed, Baylor. All right.  Jeff: 29 days in, given the way things have been going, I’m guessing this  feels pretty good right now.  This comes in handy, yeah, given the way things have been going.  Jeff: Keith cannot be voted out tonight. Guaranteed a one in seven shot at  winning this game. As for the rest of you, after 29 tough days in nicaragua,  somebody going home tonight will become the fourth member of our jury. It  won't be you. Congrats. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. See you tonight  apt tribal.  Good job, Keith. Gosh.  After not winning immunity today, it might be dead man walking at this point.  But Jon may hear something from Jaclyn that spooks him and maybe I could take  out Missy tonight. So essentially my whole plan again hinges on Jon and Jaclyn.   Good job, Keith.  Second time.  Good job.  The ball master.  So tonight at tribal, the options are go with Reed and vote out Missy  tonight. And then, you know, there's the option with Missy and our alliance  to vote out Reed tonight.  I missed you so much. I missed you so much.  I'm going to be look, okay, Jon, you don't know this happened but we're in  the middle again and we have another big decision to make. I have so much to  tell you. Like, my whole perspective changed again when you were gone. When  you walked out of the reward, Missy picked Natalie to go with them. And,  like, everybody behind me was like, "that is a huge-- that is so telling  right there who's going to be in the top three. Of.  When I got back after my two-day exile, all I wanted to do was spend time  with her. I've missed her so much. Like the only other thing I did while I was  on exile, I got paranoid and I missed Jaclyn.  The three guys want us to go with them.  They're all lying.  Can I just finish before you freak out.  Yeah.  And the first thing have Jaclyn throw all this paranoia back on me, it was  almost like, I thought this was done.  Reed wants us to blinds side Missy.  I already knew all this. I already knew all this.  Okay, I’m sorry. I won't tell you anymore.  I'm sorry, I’m sorry.  Hey!  No!  Hey, Jaclyn, stop!  Well, what the hell! I’m trying to tell you what happened?  I know. Give me a second, I’m sorry. Have you had a two-day exile.  No.  It sucks.  I want to tell you that everybody is going to attack you in, like, 10  minutes.  I'm glad you did.  Next time I won't. Don't touch me.  I'm sorry.  Okay.  Okay.  I'm sorry. So Jaclyn's mad at me now.  There's no point of us talking right now.  I guess in voicing my frustration, I think Jaclyn took is as me, like, not  being appreciative of her giving me information, which that's not the case. I  mean, I just want to be with my girlfriend. Let's talk for a little bit.  There's no point in us talking right now.  Hey.  What?  Chill.  No.  Let's talk fair little bit.  I don't think he realized what he was doing when he snapped, but if he  thinks-- you know, that he's got it-- he didn't need my help. It didn't  matter what happened in the two days that he was gone. He'll figure it out  for himself. So, you know, if he's got that attitude, screw him.  Hi.  I know you guys are-- I thought I might as well just come over and I don't  know where exactly you're at with explaining stuff to Jon. You have three  guys that are really willing--  nobody's willing to go to the top three with me. Don't give me that b.s. You  guys are going to blinds side me.  Nobody is talking about blinds siding you Jon. It's about getting another  step in the game.  It's getting Missy out to set up a blinds side on me.  I could just as easily go to Missy and sawhy not work with me and blinds side  Jon  i know.  I'm saying I like you guys better and i'd rather work with the two of you.  I get it.  I just got yelled at, two.  I would rather work with you two because I like you. If I have to go work  with Missy i'll go work with Missy at this point but I don't want to.  I believe your word more than anyone else's, even despite what happened at  the last tribal. Let's say we vote missing out this time. You're saying to go  with us three and aland he can Keith.  Hey, nat.  I can't-- I can't--  then--  i can't trust-- after you voted my name one time, like a tribal ago, I can't  trust a pitch from you byes.  I completely understand that.  Is it okay if I’m here, guys.  Yeah.  Yeah, you just heard it.  I was kind of in the middle of doing this pitch when Natalie walks up and  sits down. And Jon winking at me and going, "that's yi can't trust and  you that's why I just can't work with you, Reed, it doesn't make any  sense." that was encouraging because if he's willing to go out on a limb  and do a kind of wink thing between us, then maybe he's considering it a  little more than he wants to let on.  All right.  I honestly don't care if you guys want to talk.  No, we're good.  It's cool.  I think Jaclyn got a little confused because I don't think she necessarily  saw the wink happen and she was still stiewg about I think being blown up at  by Jon, which I’m kind of like, ah, that makes me nervous.  I talked to Jon and Jaclyn. And they actually might be willing to work with  us. If we stay strong, we may have a shot at I this.  I'm pretty sure Jon is standing there scrambling with Missy.  I did find the idol. ( laughing )  oh, my God. You did?  Yup. I found it.  Oh, my God!  I literally have the worst headache right now. Tell me whose name to write  down. I don't care. After our argument, the only person I would expect Jon to  talk to would be Missy because he looks to his mom for advice in real life,  and I think that Missy has taken on that role on the island. And it made me  mad mahe talked to her for, like, a half hour, and didn't come talk to me at  all. That made me even more mad. Like, you're not fighting with Missy. You're  fighting with me.  He just freaked out when I tried to tell him what happened the last two days.   Freaked out like what.  Freaked out on me. Screw him. He doesn't need me. I don't need to be here.  No, he does need you. My fears are that Jon and Jaclyn are not as attached at  the hip as they seemed to be which they do have a lot of friction when it  comes to how to play this game.  Oh, God. I’m even more annoyed right now.  At the end of the day, I want Jon and Jaclyn fine for tonight. I can't do any  more surprises at tribal.  Hi.  I'm sorry.  I don't want to talk to you right now.  Babe.  I don't want to talk to you right now.  I'm sorry I snapped. Okay. My big problem is we have a tribal council tonight,  and my girlfriend is not on the same page as I am. And she refuses to talk to  me. Not a good time to do that.  I feel really bad now. I didn't mean to-- I didn't feel like I was, like,  exploding on her.  Just now?  No, when I first got back.  You've got a lot to process, brother, a lot to process.  Just take a breather. She'll be fine.  We've got to make another wood run.  Hi.  I'm not ready to talk yet.  You're not going to talk now?  I'm not ready to talk yet.  No! Stop!  I'm getting the silent treatment right now from Jaclyn, and it's the most  frustrating thing that she does. There's no point. Talk it out. Let's talk.  Nine days left.  That can be my only chance to talk before tribal, and Jaclyn is over there  flirting with Alec. So what do we do? Vote for Reed or vote for Missy.  You know how disrespected you made me feel today. Like, why did you yell at  me like you didn't want to hear anything--  i was overwhelmed. I just got back from a two-day exile. I missed you. Like,  all I wanted to do was sit down with you and relax for a minute. Okay, you  know, what? It's not even worth it. You're not going to listen to me, go back  by the fire. It's fine.  I'm listening.  You're rolling your eyes.  You're being a ( bleep ) now.  I'm pissed.  Good!  My whole plan hinges on Jon and Jaclyn, and she's furious. She's stomping  around camp and not talking to him. My life hinges on those two talking to  each other and figuring out who they want to go with this alliance or that  alliance. alliance.  Then that sucks for you. Well, he won't talk to me now, so. I tried.  This may be a fatal fight for my game.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Josh, Jeremy, and Wes voted  out at the last tribal council. So, Jon, after the challenge today when you  went back to camp, did you get an update on what had happened after you left  and was sent to exile?  Yes, I did. Jaclyn took me over and gave me a quick update and actually it  kind of got heated between Jaclyn and i. Because after exile, there were  things they needed to be caught up on, so she took the opportunity to take me  aside and tell me those things--  and he freaked out on me.  I guess I just wasn't ready to hear it all.  Jeff: So a fight erupts.  Basically.  Jeff: How big a fight, Jaclyn?  Well, he snapped at me pretty bad and I felt like he didn't want to hear what  I was saying, he had it all figured out. So I was like, wow, that's so  disrespectful. So then I was mad, started crying.  I didn't know that.  Yeah. So that kind of led into the afternoon. And --  is anybody else seeing this go on?  Everybody is seeing it go on.  Jeff: So this is a public argument.  Yeah, yeah.  Jeff: Reed, what did you see?  Well, I feel like what we kind of saw was the aftermath of what happened.  And, you know, for those of us who are still trying to play the game and  trying to stay in the game, it made everything just more complicated.  Jeff: Jon, this is a really interesting development. When you have a loved  one couple have a real-life argument in the midst of the game, and you don't  know how much they've really talked. You don't know if they are on the same  page. Did you sense that people wanted to talk to you guys?  Yeah, and actually, especially Reed. He did get a minute to talk to both of  us and kind of pitch a case. So --  hold on. So once again, you and Jaclyn are in the middle.  I knew you were going to say that. I knew you were going to say that!  Jeff: It's crazy, but it's true, right?  Yes, we are the couple they are approach glg your plea to them is?  I said at the reward challenge Missy chooses Baylor and Natalie and clearly  when you get down to five the two of you are gone so why don't you come over  to me, Alec and Keith and we'll figure something out.  Jeff: That's not good for you, Missy.  No, it's not good for me at all. I think it's interesting that they think I’m  on top of some position saying you guys are on the bottom. Hold up, let's go  back to this, two days prior and they tried to cut your boyfriend at the  knees, and the one sitting behind you over here, Alec, is now flirting his  way back into Jaclyn. It's the biggest joke!  Wow.  It's so obvious.  Jeff: Literally flirting?  Literally flirting, over the top.  Jaclyn, would you agree with that, really jai mean, I don't know. We were  talking about food, we were laughing the other day. Maybe it could be  perceived as that, yes.  Jeff: If I’m looking, that's a yes.  Jon, do you think Alec flirts with her?  There are times I feel like it's getting a little-- a little weird but, like,  it could just be friendly jibber-jabber.  Maybe I’m too nice and too friendly.  Alec has been more nice to me than he has ever been. I will say that.  Jeff: What was your response, Jaclyn, to Reed's pitch?  I honestly felt like parts of my head were kind of believing them. I mean, I would  be lying if I said I wasn't hurt by the fact that Missy chose Natalie to go.  But then at the same time, I come back to camp, and all the griez like, well,  that's the final three and it's very telling, so there's a lot of paranoia  created in my head. And it's not been the easiest. And, Jeff, it's not great  for the rest of us because, you know, they can do what they want. They're a  little bit luck they they get to choose which alliance they want to be with.  Jeff: So, Missy, what's the level of concern that that one decision could put  you out of this game?  There's a level of concern because I knew going back that she was going to be  approached. I mean, I knew it, so, yeah, that decision of choosing Natalie  could cost me.  Jeff: All right, it is time to vote. Keith, you're up.  You have to go because you're a big rabble-rouser. And by the way, my child's  not a brat.  This the will likely be the only time I ever write your name down.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Reed. Missy.  Reed. That's two votes Reed. Reed. That's three votes Reed, one vote Missy.  Reed. Four votes Reed. Tenth person voted out and the fourth member of our  jury, Reed. That's five. That's enough. You need to bring me your torch. Reed,  the tribe has spoken.  Ouch, Jeff.  Jeff: Time for you to go.  Thanks.  Jeff: And that's why "blood versus water" is so difficult. When you  play with a loved one, you bring your personal life into an  already-complicated game, and with four loved ones left, this won't be the  last time you have to deal with it. Grab your torches. Head back to camp.  Good night.  This experience has been the most amazing/terrifying experience I think i've  ever had in my life. This has brought Josh and I even closer with both being  such super nerds about this show but being able to share this together has  been so incredible. So probst, snuffed my torch tonight, which in an odd way  is a dream come true, too.  I know.  That was the first time we've all been on the same page about a vote, though,  good lord.  I'm really sorry.  Me, too.  I didn't mean towrnd mine you.  It's fine.  I really appreciate your opinion, and I love you.  Okay. Jon and i, we kind of resolved everything at tribal, which was pretty  interesting. We're fine. He said sorry, and I said sorry. So I’m happy it's  over because today was seriously emotionally draining. It's been a long die.  Yeah, I know, right?  Tribal got kind of heated tonight. Everyone thinks I’m a big flirt, but that  is a sick joke. If I wanted to flirt with any of these girls here, I would,  but I would never do that. Still, seeing all these other loved ones together  is tough. It really is tough. And it really didn't hit me until tonight, but  i've got literally no one to come and talk to after tribal. And it just  sucks. So I don't have much to hold on to, but I’m still holding on.  Breakfast!  Yeah! Seeing you guys can go and relate with Missy and Baylor and it's just  like-- I’m just like here by myself.  I honestly do not believe that Keith or Alec have any play left in the game.  I told you I was going to be straighted for, right. And I’m going to be. I honestly  do not see finding a crack and splitting us up, and looking from your  perspective, it probably sound like I’m talking "Survivor" suicide,  but i-- I trust them. I really do.  It does actually seem like I found people who are trustworthy and unless I am  reading everything wrong, which I haven't yet, I’m still controlling and  steering the direction of the game.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. You guys ready to get to today's reward challenge?  For today's challenge, you're going to stand on a small block, while  stabilizing a ball against an over-hanging piece of wood. If at request  point, you lose jur concentration on your balance, the ball will drop, and  europe out of the challenge. Last person left standing wins reward. Want to  know what you're playing for?  Yes.  Jeff: The winner will have delivered to camp a king-sized canopy bed.  Oh, my God!  Jeff: You will enjoy a nice meal in that bed-- spaghetti. Chicken parmesan.  Garlic bread.  Oh!  Jeff: Wine, and dessert.  It's over.  Jeff: It's your best shot to get a good night's sleep on a full belly on day  30 heading into the next immunity challenge. And as always, the winner will  decide who goes to Exile Island. Big stakes. We'll draw for spots. We'll get  started.  Oh, my gosh.  I'm winning this.  Jeff: All right, everybody take your positions. Place your ball, stabilize it  against the wood. Make sure you're stable. Gotta keep one foot only on that  block. Everybody looks good. And this challenge is on. Another test. This one  requires concentration and balance. And just like that, Alec drops quickly.  He's out of the challenge. No shot at reward. 30 days of frustration setting  in. We're down to six now. You cannot let your concentration lapse. All it  takes is just a little movement. The ball the slide out, and you're out of  the challenge. Jaclyn with a nice recovery. This will be a big win, food and  sleep, two things you take for granted back home. Not out here. Out here, you  have to earn it. Everybody feeling it now. This is not easy. Jon's ball  wedging a little to the side. Fatigue starting to set in on the arms. You're  feeling it in all part of your body-- your feet, your back. Keith with some  movement. Missy's ball's starting to slide up a bit. Jon's ball moving some  more. Keep concentrating. Keep pressure against that ball, not too much,  though. Missy drops out. Missy, second person out of this challenge. Going to  take a spot on the bench, joining Alec. A little bit of movement from Baylor.  Keith drops out. No shot at reward for Keith. And we are down to four. Job  fighting. That ball has been moving the entire challenge, but he's still up  there. Not only are you playing for reward. You're trying to build your case  if you get to final tribal to show that you won something.  God. Yeah, I don't got that going for me.  Jeff: Baylor drops out. We're down to three. Jon's ball is just hanging on  the side of the board but it's still there.  Jon's in trouble here it looks like.  Jeff: Jon's ball moving a little more. He's trying to get it back.  Jon, Jon, Jon, Jon, Jon.  Jeff: Jon successfully got his ball back centered, a great recovery. Puts him  right back in this. A little movement from Jaclyn's ball down on the end. Jon  struggling again to keep that ball balanced. Slowly trying to recover yet  again. Jon can't hang on any longer. Big effort, came up short, and we are  down to two. It is Natalie and Jaclyn, for reward. Keep digging. "Survivor"  pushes you to go past that place of comfort. That's what you have to do right  now. Jaclyn with another nice recovery. Natalie struggling now. Jaclyn drops  out. Natalie wins reward. ( applause )  good job, nat.  Good job, girl.  Good job, Natalie.  Jeff: Natalie, come on over.  Good job, nat.  Good job. ( applause ).  Jeff: All right, big reward for Natalie. First thing you have to decide, who  are you going to send to Exile Island.  It will be Alec.  Jeff: No hesitation.  You know, it's whatever. I figured it was coming. It's not really a surprise.   Jeff: Alec, here's a map to exile. You will return in time for the next  immunity challenge.  Good luck, Alec.  Hang in there.  Find some crabs.  Jeff: All right, Natalie, big reward.  Yeah.  Jeff: King-sized bed, food delivered. Invite one person to join you.  I'm going to have to go with Jaclyn. She talks about spaghetti more than  anyone else.  I love you!  Jeff: It is a king-sized bed. You think you could fit another?  Yeah.  Jeff: All right, invite one more.  Jon.  Oh, my God! Oh, my God!  I was going to say maybe Jon and Jaclyn alone, but no getting freaky tonight,  guys.  Jeff: Missy.  You're already getting ready to leave. How does this feel, Missy. You've been  in this situation on the other side when you chose and somebody was  disappointed.  Yeah, and it's going to be at camp, so that's not fun.  Uh-oh.  It's going to be rubbed right in our faces, so that's the difference.  Yup.  I'm used to it.  Jeff: All right, Natalie, Jaclyn, Jon, nice reward. Bed will be delivered.  Have a good meal. Keith, Missy, Baylor, got nothing for you. Grab your stuff.  Head back to camp.  I've been wanted to get Jon out so picking jackie and Jon for reward shows I’m  such a loyal person and they will trust me more so when I take my revenge, he  will never see it coming.  Oh, my God, it's big.  It's so pretty.  We got back from the reward, and the bed was set up. Part of you is so happy,  like oh, my gosh, something comfortable to lay on. What?  This would look good in the guest bedroom.  Yeah.  But then you look over at the other people, and you realize, oh, we're going  to be enjoying that while they're staring at us.  They're talking.  Go grab some water. iary going to go get water?  I feel like something weird is going to happen.  Missy, Baylor, and Keith kind of just left and walked off, and I was like  what is going on? But Jon has had a really strong bond with Missy from the  beginning, so hopefully we can keep going with that and nothing crazy will  happen.  I just feel so bad. Like, I feel like Missy's pissed.  It will be all right. They'll get over it, but right now it's bitter because  they see--  guys, you are being so paranoid. You guys are the worst. Everybody needs to  just hang out with me and everybody will be fine.  Yeah, you're right. As we're approaching the end of this game, there are  always chances for weird things to happen. But i've grown to trust Missy a  lot. And the more I get to know Natalie, the more reassured I am of the  strength of our alliance.  All right, guys, cheers to day 30, and then we can start.  Cheers.  Reward at this point in the game is way more than just getting to sleep in a  bed and enjoying pasta and chicken parm.  Oh, my God. This is what I have been dreaming about for 30 days.  Everybody is so comfortable now. They probably want to get rid of Keith  because Keith's connection with the jury is scary. But I want to blinded side  Jon. I’m getting back at Jon for Jeremy. I don't trust Jon in the long run. I  want to moveed for with a new plan without Jon in it you can have my wine.  Thanks!  Call me a wine snob, but I like wine because it's a memory of my dad teach  meeg how to drink wine properly. There were so many layers of complexity to  wine. That the further you get into it, the more you realize oh, my gosh. I haven't  even touched the surface of it. And it's such a conversation piece. I want to  get my rep porup for being a somellier. I will probably end up working in one  of the nice estrestaurants in las vegas. It will be, like, a year in las  vegas and then we finish living a year in italy.  Oh, my God, amazing. Jon is always bringing up any excuse to talk about wine  and how he wants to-- I don't know, be some kind of wine specialist in the  future and move to vegas. I don't know what it, but he is always trying to  pretend he knows everything and the arrogance or entitlement Jon has.  Honestly, every time he talks about wine I just want to be like shut up. It  was torture, basically. Are we going to talk strategy at all.  What strategy do we need to talk?  I don't know.  I just feel like I can trust 100% that the plan is what we say it is because  we feel like we can trust you very well. How about this. Because of how  comfortable we are with you, I did find the idol.  That's crazy.  That's so crazy.  You've had so much luck on exile. Jon should not trust me but I’m happy that  he does. The fact that he told me that he found an idol on exile is amazing  because i've become like the best friend now for him. Getting Jon out now is  really important. I just have to figure out how to do all this, and if I could  full off, that would be amazing.  You were moving a lot.  I know, sorry. I was stuck in the middle. It freaked me out. I was just  listening to him talk and talk and talk. He feels so comfortable after last  night. He's already banking on what he's going to do with the million  dollars. He's like I can't wait to do this and this and this.  It's all about money.  Everything. It's not about the game for them. It's just about them and their  perfect life they want as a couple. Jon is very confident. He thinks that  it's going to be a really easy cakewalk to the final three because he has Missy  around his finger. He thinks Baylor is not going to do anything to mess up  his mom's plan. He has his girlfriend wrapped around his finger and he thinks  I’m going to do whatever he wants.  He's such a punk.  I just want him out.  Yeah. Even though he's obnoxious, Jon's played a really good game. The more  and more I’m thinking of the jury, why risk even going to final three with  somebody like Jon. If he wins, I will literally kill myself. I say we vote  out Jon. But don't tell Missy because these not going to vote Jon off. Your  mom is kind of blinded by Jon.  Not only that, my nom is blinded by trying to help him.  Me and Natalie are kind of "Survivor"" sister at this point  and decided to get rid of Jon. Unfortunately, my mom, my closest alliance  here, is aligned with him.  How was it? So good?  It was good. It's weird, obviously, because we're, like sitting over there  and the whole time we're like, this suction, we can't just share this with  everybody.  Jon just remind me too much of past men in my mom's life where she gets  blinds sided, heartbroken and hurt and I don't want him to screw her over. It  doesn't make me feel bad voting him out.  Me, you, Keith, and Alec. I know they will vote him because they don't like  Jon. Just hopefully he doesn't win immunity.  They sleep all night and they sleep all day. I’m behind the 8 ball right now,  and it pisses me off that Jon's just coasting. I don't have no stroke out  here. I’m not the captain out there. That five-some they've got is tight. I’m  on the outside looking in. I feel like somebody is going to bolt before long  and hopefully they'll bolt my way.  Today, I got a very weird vibe from camp. And it worried me because we're so  close to the end. A weird vibe can mean very bad things.  I feel like something's going on back there. Do you really trust Natalie?  Yeah.  Maybe I’m just being paranoid. I don't know. I don't trust anybody out here,  honestly. But if-- but you have a connection with them. I don't.  I'm worried that Keith is trying to sway Missy, Baylor, and Natalie to  probably vote out Jon. It just makes me so nervous that Jon thinks he got it  in the bag, and that's how we are in real life, too. Like, he gets super  amped up for stuff and really positive and, "i got it." and then it  doesn't happen and he's super disappointed. And I’m worried if he's not  careful, that could happen to him again.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. We'll now bring in Alec, returning from Exile Island.   Yay! ( applause )  Alec!  Hi, guys.  Jeff: Baylor, what's the emotional state of this group? You have been out  here now 32 days.  Yeah, the emotional state is definitely fatigue, but having loved ones that  are fatigued really can affect your own game.  Jeff: Missy, what's going on. You're holding back the tears.  I'm fine.  Jeff: What's bringing on the tears? Can you pinpoint it?  It's-- it's just physical. It is-- I mean, I’m so depleted. It's not even  food for me. It's sleep.  Jeff: Baylor, what's it like to see your mom, who for most of your life has  probably been the source of strength, and now you're getting to see her show  a vulnerable side that moms don't often show to their kids?  I just wish I could give her some of my energy and strength because I know  you could make it seven more days, but I can't. So I just gotta be there for  her as much as I can as a daughter.  Jeff: It's clear, all of you are struggling on some level emotionally. You've  got to get it together right now because it's time to get to another immunity  challenge. First things first, Keith, I’m going to take back the necklace.  Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're  going to pull on a rope balancing a wobbly table. You'll race out to collect  a series of wooden blocks, bringing them back one at a time and placing them  on the table. If your table wobbles and blocks fall, you'll have to race to  reset them before heading book out. The first person to place all 10 of their  blocks, wins immunity, guaranteed a one in six shot at winning this game.  Losers, tribal council, where somebody will be voted out and become the fifth  member of our jury. We're going to draw for spots. We'll get started. All  right, here we go, for immunity. Survivors ready? Go! That first one is an  easy one. You node to get a feel for how the table works. You have to find  out how fast I can any without too fast? Alec quickly learning what too fast  means. That's all part of learning this challenge. Keith moving quickly.  You're looking for that spot between brazen and reckless. Just keep trying to  learn where is that sweet spot for me? Because you want to go as a matter of  fact you can while maintaining the level. Keith with another.  How is he getting it?  Jeff: Everybody looking very steady. Keith still in the lead. Jon coming back  with another. Moving slow and steady. Alec, Baylor, Jon, Missy, Jaclyn with  three. Keith with four. Keith is flying through this challenge. Baylor drops,  gotta go back and stack them. Alec drops his, gotta go back. Keith drops his,  he's got to go back. That's how quickly this challenge can change. That opens  the door for everybody else. Every time you dump your table, it costs you a  lot of time. But the only way to win is to be faster than everybody else. Jaclyn  with her sixth. Jon places his sixth. Been moving slow and stead theentire  challenge. There's Keith finally back with number six. Natalie with her  sixth. Jo Jon and Jaclyn with seven. Here is Baylor with number 6. She needs  to pick it up. Keith can seven. It's Jon, Jaclyn, and Keith in the lead. Missy  slowing down. Alec dumps again.  Oh!  Jeff: Jaclyn drops. She's falling out of it. Jon and Keith in the lead.  Coming back with their eighth. Big immunity on the line. Natalie is still in  it, coming back her eighth. Right now it is Keith and Jon in the lead. Keith  drops his! He's got to come back. Jon now in the lead heading back with his  ninth. Natalie has eight. Jon would love to win immunity right now on day 32  and guarantee himself a spot in the final six, and she is very close. Keith  has got to hustle. Jon places his ninth. Keith heading back now looking for  his ninth. Jon heading back very slowly. Will it pay off? Here comes Keith  with number nine. He's trying to pick up the pace. Jon coming back with his  tenth, but he's moving very slowly. Opening the door for Keith to catch up. Keith  heading out for his tenth. It is Jon and Keith for immunity. Keith has to  hustle. Keith coming back with his tenth block, but he drops everything,  opens the door for Jon to win individual immunity right here. All thee has to  do is keep that table steady. Three, two, one. Jon wins individual immunity!  Safe tonight at tribal council.  Good job!  I don't know why I’m crying right now.  Jeff: Jon, come on over.  Good job.  Jeff: Big win on day 32. Jon cannot be voted out of the game tonight. That  means you are guaranteed one in six shot at winning this game. As for the  rest of you, after 32 obviously very tough days, somebody going home tonight,  will become the fifth member of our jury, and will have a big hand in  deciding who wins this game. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. See you  tonight at tribal, congrats.  I literally thought we could get out Jon tonight and we won immunity so we  have to come up with a plan "b" and fast. I’m feeling oh, my God,  now what do I do?  Home, sweet home.  Good job, Jon!  Thanks! Winning this immunity challenge was absolutely incredible. Especially  when going into it, I did have a few worries about my alliance. I’m pretty  sure that I was just being a little paranoid, but it's a great feeling going  into tribal having the necklace. I don't have to worry about anything going  on tonight. Just focus on what we need to do. Just in case one of them  somehow has an idol, we have the numbers. We should just split the vote just  to be safe. Three on Keith, and as long as he doesn't play an idol, he's  going home.  Exactly.  Tribal tonight, the plan is to get Keith out. He's an incredible threat and  nall immunity challenges. He's been right in the fight in every single one.  He's won two of them. So he needs to go.  Jon wants to split the votes, and that's fine with me. Jon is my guy. He's  got my back. So our fab five is strong, and we're sending Keith home.  Me, you, and Jon on Keith, and Missy and Baylor on Alec.  Either way, I guess it's good to scare Alec, too, and not make him feel  comfortable.  Let's split. We might as well.  That's good. Jon winds immunity, and I was just so mad. I felt like  everything I was doing for the last couple of days was just down the crane,  and it makes me really depressed at this point. Everything dito get him out,  and I can't kick him out. I gave him the reward because I wanted to blinds  side him.  Trust me, I was on board for today.  Keith, stupid ass.  I know, he freaked out.  I need himed to win that.  It completely sucks that Jon won immunity today. Natalie and I were banking  on him not winning and now it's back to the drawing board and it's  frustrating because there's not much time left.  Everybody I was close with in the game is gone. Besides you. But I’m just  saying, you're going to vote me out, too. Definitely seems like a toss-up  between Keith and myself. But I’m not going to give up. I mean, my back's  against the waw, and I just gotta start swinging. So whatever I have to do,  whoever I have to lie to, flirt with, whatever, I’m willing to do it at this  point. I’m not, like, an emotional dude. Normally i'm, like, super tough, and  I just say ( bleep ) and do my own thing and i'll be fine. I just kind of  lost that. What? Why are you laughing?  I'm just getting wisdom from Alec, and I like it.  I'm not giving you wisdom. It's not wisdom.  I'm getting true feelings from Alec. That's-- that's new.  Yeah. I normally don't share my feelings and emotions. But this game has  really done something to me.  Alec and I eye don't know. We do have such an up-and-down relationship,  brother-sister, boyfriend-girlfriend weird kind of thing. Still, part of me  is glad he's not going home tonight because I saw a different side of him  they haven't seen in this game. And I liked it. I liked it a lot. Just be  patient. Trust me.  Well you know right now it's like-- it's either you or Alec tonight, right?  Oh, yeah.  I feel like you deserve to be here more than Alec. But I think you're scary  on immunity challenges. That's yet decision is probably--  oh, me?  Yeah, come on, Alec is useless.  Year, he is.  We don't have to worry about him winning.  I was real close again to getting the necklace today, and I could kick myself  right now. I needed it. I needed it. Everybody knows I need it. It is a bad  feeling. It's burning yesterday, and it's burning again today that they're  just laying up over there. And y'all are taking them to the end? You all  could send a message just like that. Take Alec out or take me out but you're  going to have to eventually take each other out.  I have been feeling completely helpless to do anything at this point, but I just  realized, oh, my God, I could totally flip the entire game.  You might not want to think who you want to go to the three with but you  better start thinking.  Keith, don't worry about me. I’m smarter than I look sometimes. Right now the  plan is split votes. Me, Jon, and Jaclyn are voting for Keith, but fiflip,  and Keith votes Alec, Alec will go home and Keith will be here, be loyal to  me, and I can use him to blinds side Jon. Who are you going to vote for  tonight?  I guess i'll vote for Alec.  Fido this and betray Jon, it will be my biggest move yet. The only scary  thing for me, then, is dealing with everything when I come back to camp  because Jon is going to be really pissed. Let me tell you what I’m think. I vote  Alec tonight instead of Keith. You can't tell anybody. Keith is good on  immunity challenges and would be against Jon.  Natalie wants to make big moves and I do as well, but I don't know if I want  to get rid of Alec right now. It's a huge risk because Jon could freak out  and turn on us in a heartbeat. Alec will do whatever we say after Keith's  gone.  The thing si don't know if it's worth it me getting in trouble with my  alliance, so I’m going to have to make a decision, I guess, tonight.  Ultimately, it's just deciding if I have the balls or not upon  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Josh. Jeremy. Wes. And Reed  voted out at the last tribal council. So, Missy, big vote tonight. Because if  we go on the assumption that we still have this alliance of five, you and Baylor,  Jon and Jaclyn, and Natalie, and we have these two outsiders left, Keith and Alec.  Fair assumption? Fair assumption.  Jeff: So really it comes down to not only who you vote out but equally  important who you keep around.  Yeah. I think we're looking at who is the best at challenges. Who would be  harder to beat.  Jeff: Jon, do you agree with that, that it's really about who's strong at  challenges?  Right now, yeah, I think that's really what it's coming down to at this  point.  Jeff: So if that strategy comes out to play, Keith, then you would be the  obvious target because you've had a lot of success in challenges.  Yeah, you know, i've won a couple of immunity deals. But I’m really not good  in some other stuff, too. So it's a lot to think about.  Jeff: Natalie, am I missing something? Or is this just the way this group is  going, that we just don't want anyone to beat us?  Um, it's not that simple. But I would say if somebody's intiming in  challenges, then, yeah, that's scary. But I think there is a lot more that  goes under it.  Jeff: So whoever survives tonight, finds themselves in an interesting  situation because having a loved one is not necessarily--  aahh!  Oh, my God!  It's a rat! Sphwhru would eat that rat?  I mean, that's how hungry I am, yeah. Honestly, after Exile Island I would  eat that rat without a hesitation.  Jeff: Jon, seeing a rat scurry across tribal council brings it all home to  what's happening out here. And that is you guys are living in the jungle with  nothing. Try to put this in perspective for me.  I actually think back just to this most recent reward. It might seem like the  smallest thing, but it brought out a tray, and there was an actual wine glass  on it. I’m a huge wine fan. That's because my dad introduced me to wine, and  he's dying of brain cancer right now, and, you know, being out here just  reminds you what's important. And when I won this immunity today, I teared  up, because I know that this is one of those moments that my dad is going to  be able to say to me, "son, I’m proud of you for that." and I don't  have very many of those moments left with him.  Jeff: When you hear your dad say the words "son, I’m proud of you,"  what is the feeling inside?  I think the biggest thing that comes to mind is regret. Because my dad and I really  only started to bond a lot the past two or three years. And I can add so much  more time and could have built so much more of a relationship with him, and I  look back at all the years that I was stubborn and that I wouldn't let him  in, that i-- I regret it every day. I regret so much of it.  Jeff: Keith, you're a dad. Your son is sitting right over there on the jury.  This game is complicated. Because on one hand, this is a very personal  sharing that Jon is doing. And yet, there's this crazy game. And it's only a  game. But you can't help but think, man, could his tragedy work against me in  this game? And is that fair?  I-- I guess it's all fair on "Survivor," but I hope them four over  there are sharper than that. I’m going to be over there eventually. A lot of  us are. And I hope we're sharper than that to see through some of this stuff.   Jeff: So, Keith, if you're the target, and you know that, what do you co?  Because you can't lay down and die.  That's right, Jeff. I've got a vote here. If we want to do something, use my  vote. See who they think. See if they'll take me up on it.  Jeff: Natalie, this is why tonight's vote is so critical. It's a beautiful  opportunity for somebody in this five to make a giant move and say to the  jury, "i came to play, and I came to win."  yeah, I feel like no matter what at the end of the day, I know everybody is  thinking about one thing, which is they want to win a million bucks. So no  matter what alliance we're in, everybody is looking out for themselves. And I  know it's coming and it's scary, but tonight I’m confident that, you know,  all of us are on the same page, no surprises when it comes to the alliance of  five.  Jeff: All right, it is time to vote. Baylor, you're up.  Sorry, brother. It's either you or me. Had to do it.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote. Keith. Alec.  Keith. Alec. We're tied. Two votes Keith, two votes Alec. That's three votes Keith.  We're tied. Three votes Alec, three votes Keith, one vote left. 11th person  voted out and the fifth member of our jury, Alec. You need to bring me your  torch. Alec, the tribe has spoken.  Jeff: Well, based on the reactions after the vote, this tight alliance of  five might not be so tight. Keith, that is good news for you.  Sure is.  Jeff: Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night.  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff:next time on "Survivor":  Jeff: Natalie won't rest until she gets rerevenge on Jon.  I want Jon out bad.  Jeff: But one moment could change the fate of the game.  You need an x-ray.  It's frustrating!  I would definitely say my ambition I clearly wasn't good at any of the  challenges. And the odds were against me for a long time in the game. And I just  kept fighting and I’m not completely content because I wanted to go further.  But I gave it my all. I didn't win, but at least I beat Drew. So that counts  as a win for me.