<br/>* *  Jeff: Welcome to the final episode of "Survivor: San Juan Del Sur: Blood  vs. Water." we are live in los angeles. We're going to be live all  night. First we have our two-hour finale. Then we have our live reunion show  where we bring back all the players to talk about everything that went down  over the 39 days. And i'd love for I to be a part of the show tonight. You  can tweet your questions or your comments to me@Jeffproeb.twitter. Hashtag is  Survivor finale so we can find it in case we decide to tiewz on the show. We  started with 18 players and we're down to five. Keith, Missy, Baylor, Jaclyn,  and Natalie. It is time to find out who will take home the title of sole Survivor  and the million dollar prize. I’m going to be watching with all of my  friends. ( cheers and applause ). 500 of my closest friends. I hope you'll be  watching with your friends and your family because we all have one thing in  common-- we love "Survivor."  Jeff: 35 days ago, nine pairs of loved ones were dropped in the jungles of  nicaragua to begin the adventure of a lifetime affect. Welcome to "Survivor:  San Juan Del Sur: Blood vs. Water" sur. But they were quickly pulled  apart. Say your goods. And in a new twist-- you're competing against your  wife. Loved ones were forced to battle against each other for reward, with  the loser headed to Exile Island. At Coyopa, while the majority of the tribe  was getting to know each other--  what's your last name.  Westland.  Are you sure?  Jeff: Former professional baseball player Jon rocker was hiding from his  past. The one thing Coyopa had in common--  this isn't it.  Jeff: They couldn't win a challenge. Hunahpu wins for the third straight  time. When they thought it couldn't get any worse.  Why don't you say something homophobic or racist like you did in your past.  Jeff: They hit rock bottom.  If you were a man i'd knock your teeth out.  Jeff: For Hunahpu-- winning of the only thing they could do right.  You're telling me you don't have my back.  Jeff: They argued.  You're way too emotional about this right now, Jeremy.  Get your board, man, get your board out.  Jeff: They wasted their food.  We're down to just, like, a hand full of rice.  Jeff: They lost their flint.  Oh, great.  Do you need a flint to start a fire?  It helps.  Jeff: And eventually lost their entire camp. Here's what I want-- your tarp,  your hammock, your bedroll, the pillows, the blankets. You are starting over.  For this season's castaways was the only thing more difficult than  surviving--  Drew voted oit at the last tribal council--  oh, my God glfs playing against their loved ones.  We're good, we're good. ( applause ).  Jeff: This is one of the layers of this game. It's your wife, your sister,  your brother. It is blood. One by one--  well played.  Jeff: Loved ones were ripped from the game.  You see complete strangers legislature your daughter before your eyes. It's  tough.  Jeff: But when the tribes merged--  well home, guys.  Jeff: Multiple couples had survived. None were more powerful than  all-american couple Jon and Jaclyn.  We find ourselves in the middle. So we're being given a lot of opportunities  to control our fate.  Jeff: Josh. They led the charge in taking out the game's biggest threats. Jeremy,  the tribe has spoken. In a very unpredictable season. Idols destroyed plans.  Dude, play your idol.  Jeff, i'd rather play this than go home with it in my pocket.  Here you go, Jeff.  Jeff: Big moves flipped the game.  I'm supposed to vote for Keith, but I’m voting for you.  Jeff: Alec. You need to bring me your torch.  Jeff: There were bad breaks.  That was my ankle.  You okay?  I'm bad.  This is so frustrating.  Jeff: Big fights.  Hey, hey.  Don't touch me.  Bail oyou're a brat.  Excuse me?  Jeff: And some very odd moments.  What about the episode of "two and a half men" when you were naked  with pancakes. That's awesome, dude.  Jeff: After 35 days, six players remain. And at the last tribal council, it  appeared Keith was on the bottom. With the power couple sitting pretty. But  in the game of "Survivor," when you get comfortable--  this is payback for Jeremy. I hope you like it.  Jeff: You get blindsided. 12th person voted out, the sixth member of our  jury. Jon. You need to bring me your torch. Jon was voted out with an idol in  his poctd. Jon, the tribe has spoken. And Jaclyn was left all alone. "Survivor"  is a tricky game. Before you know it you've forgotten the basic premise--  outwit, outplay, outlast. This game is wide open. Five are left. Missy and Baylor.  They're the only pair of loved ones remaining. No strangers to adversity,  they've stuck together through Missy's multiple divorces and and are four  days from achieving their goal of making it to the end together.  I fought like hell to stay in this game, keep my daughter in the game, but we  have to keep fighting.  The million dollars at the finish line. All of our dreams could be fulfilled.   Jeff: Natalie, after her sister, Nadiya, was the first person voted out, she  had only herself to rely on. Gave her the courage to make big moves and with  an idol in her pocket, she's not done yet.  When Nadiya got out, it lit a fire under me, I’m going to get if for Nadiya,  just to prove to everybody else that I’m the best one out here.  Jeff: Jaclyn, she and her boyfriend, Jon, dominated the game, but after Jon's  blindside, she's left alone to fend for herself.  Jon and I were in the game together. We played as a team. We carried each  other essentially. But I’m in this game for myself now, and I’m not going  down without a fight.  Jeff: Keith.  I bet you're surprised to see me again, ain't you?  Jeff: This 53-year-old fireman came into the game as an underdog, but after  35 days, he's outlasted his son, won multiple immunity challenges, and is  determined to beat the odds.  I think I got this, baby. Confidence. P.m.a.-- positive mental attitude.  Jeff: It all concludes tonight. Who will win the million-dollar prize and the  title of "sole Survivor in?  You gotta do what you gotta do, right?  I guess so. Didn't see that coming. I had this gut feeling that maybe Jon should  play his idol just in case, but we really trusted Missy, Natalie, and Baylor,  and we got screwed. But, damn, you guys, good acting.  I know--  it was all a big fake. Because that's crazy.  I' loyal to a fault. In my life, I’m loyal to a fault.  So is he.  No, not really.  Yeah. You have known him for 35 days.  I'm talking about in this game, girl. This is not the real life.  She just said in her real life she said she is loyal to a fault and I said  Jon is loyal to a fault in his real life. So don't ( bleep ) say you know Jon  because you don't.  I know Jon in this game.  Not in real life.  I'm not talking about real life.  She was and so was i? It was really hard after tribal. I just felt like since  the merge, everybody loved me and Jon. I don't see people ever, ever in real  life saying bad things about Jon. It was really hurtful. And I just snapped.  I went off on Natalie.  I mean, I just make my observation on what has happened.  Keep it coyourself if it's going to be talking ( bleep ) to my face. I don't  need to hear. It ( bleep ). How do you know?  It's because Jaclyn had a fit in front of everybody. If anything is trying to  work with her, it's not happening. It does scare me a little bit where now I’m  in the situation where I have to trust Baylor and Missy to want to take me to  the final three for them because at this point they could technically vote me  out unless I win immunity. That's what "Survivor" is. It's a lot of  work but there's a big prize at the end. You have to put in work if you want  to win this. **  the fact we made it to the final five and we could go to the final three  together to me is just, like, so cool.  But let's think about the end-all goal. The goal is for us to win.  I know. Your dream and my dream was for us to make the top three.  I know that. Why are you crying it? We haven't started.  We have four days left. I can see the finish line. I can see the final three.  I can see the final tribal. Right now, we're thinking Natalie, my mom, and I for  final three.  Do you feel totally strongly about us going to the final three, then let's do  it.  Do you not at all?  No, no, I feel totally strongly about it. Having Baylor here we now have two  shots at a million bucks, but I’m not really sure about these challenges. I fractured  my foot, and I have this hard cast now on my foot. Just so frustrating. We  chose to go to the final three together.  Cool, I like it.  So the game plan now is for Natalie and Baylor to start crushing these  challenges opinion the last thing we want is for Keith or Jaclyn to win it  from hereon out.  Jeff: Come on in guys. Boy, it's work just getting here, isn't it?  A little bit, yeah.  Jeff: All right, you guys ready to get to today's reward challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: For today's challenge, you're going to be attached to a rope. On my go,  you'll race to unspool the rope. When you think you have enough, you'll head  out to assemble a bridge. Once the bridge is complete, you will then use  sandbags to knock down a series of blocks. The first person to finish wins  reward. Want to know what you're playing for?  Yeah.  Jeff: Today you're playing for something that will help you win this game.  You're playing for an advantage in the next immunity challenge. Win this  challenge, use that advantage, win the next immunity challenge, you're in the  final four, one step away from final tribal council. Huge stakes. Missy, good  news/bad news for you. The bad news, is the chances of you competing in this  challenge are zero. Agree?  Yes.  Jeff: Good news is, you're still in the game.  Yes.  Jeff: Missy will not compete. Got a spot on the bench for you. Everybody else  will draw for spots. We'll get started. All right, here we go. For reward, Survivors  ready? Go! You're gathering rope that will be attached to you throughout this  challenge. In addition, you have to be able to manage that rope. You don't  want it knotted. Out of the gate, everybody moving quickly. Day 36, only four  people in this challenge. Your odds increase the minute Missy showed up. Keith  it heading out. Natalie going to head out now. She's not letting Keith go  anywhere without her. Keith starting to work on his bridge. Jaclyn thinks she  has enough rope. She's heading out. Baylor heading out now. Remember, you  can't walk around the structure Natalie starting to build her bridge. Baylor's  building her bridge. Jaclyn still working on her rope. It's all knotted up.  Big reward on the line. You win this, you have a decent shot at winning the  next immunity challenge. It is Natalie and Keith side by side. They've been  neck and neck this entire challenge. Natalie heading back for more. Keith's  heading back. Every time you have to come back and get more of these wooden  pegs, you have to come all the way back on that bridge, so the more you can  carry, the fewer trips you will have to make. Baylor now struggling with that  rope. Jaclyn with a big fall. That will leave a mark. Keith goes down.  Everybody's starting to race. Mistakes starting to happen. Keith now with a  bit of a lead. He's got to come back for his last three pieces. Natalie  places another one. She's heading back. Baylor still dealing with rope,  falling out of it.  Drop the rope!  Jeff: Natalie takes a fall. Jaclyn has fallen out of it. Natalie now picking  up the pace. Natalie closing the gap. We are tied now, Natalie and Keith. Keith  places another one. He's got two left. Natalie's got to go back for her last  three pieces. Keith has his bridge complete. Keith can start untying his  sandbags.  Don't quit, you guys.  Jeff: Keith has his sandbags. Keith with a big hit. Keith knocks off another.  Natalie snagged on rope, missing a peg, everything falling apart. Keith  knocks off two more blocks, and another one. Natalie trying to get back in  this. She can start tossing sandbags. Keith knocks off another. Natalie with  eye nice hit. Keith's got to collect his sandbags. This opens the door for Natalie.  Natalie with a big hit. Keith knocks off another block. He's got one left. Natalie's  got to pick it up. Keith wins reward! An advantage in the next immunity  challenge.  That was crazy. I’m killing it.  Jeff: Keith, come on over. If you can. You all right?  Sore already.  Jeff: All right, Keith, advantage in the next immunity challenge. This says  must be read in private. That's what it means. This is for you, and you only.   All righty, i'll take that.  Jeff: You have one more decision to make. Day 36, who you going to send to Exile  Island? Everybody has been except Missy. It would take Missy a while to get  there, but you can send her. Otherwise, it's Jaclyn, Natalie, or Baylor.  Going to exile. And on day 36, to be away from the politics of this game  given what has been going on in tribal could be a severe disadvantage. Who  you going to send?  I can't send Missy. How about Jaclyn?  Jeff: Jaclyn. Head out to exile. Jaclyn will return in time for the next  immunity challenge. All right, Keith, you have an advantage in the next  immunity challenge. Tut it to good use. You could be standing here again with  a necklace around your neck.  That's what I’m hoping for.  Jeff: Keith, Natalie, Baylor, Missy, grab your stuff. Head back to camp.  Getting beat pie boo a 55-year-old man is not easy. I need to be able to beat  him at that immunity challenge even with his advantage. It's anything to be  really tough, but if I want my plan to go the way I want it to, then I need  to get rid of Keith first.  Jeff: It is getting good. Okay, so we're 36 days into the show, and you can  see how physically exhausted the contestants are. And still I get asked this  a lot, "how much food do they really live on?" so I want to try to  clear this up tonight. Each season, the Survivors are given a bag of rice,  and they're told to ration it. This season, one tribe ate a little more than  they should, but normally they stick to it. And here's how it works. This is  what you get. This is it. This is a half a cup of cooked rice, about 100  calories. This is what they get each day. Sometimes they catch a fish. You've  seen them, they're pretty small. Sometimes they get rewards. It goes through  you pretty quickly. Just to give you some comparison here. This is what they  live on each day. This is what the average american eats each day. Take a  look at this. You have your breakfast, some eggs maybe some toast. Then you  have maybe a burger, you love your french fries, okay, something to drink.  And then down there at the end is spaghettis. This is about 2500 calories.  This is from the u.s.d.a., I’m not making this stuff up. Compared to this.  This show is real. This show will kick your ass. And you-- glenn, let's go  down there. Stay there. I’m coming to you. I saw you earlier. You've been  looking at me. You're a "Survivor" fan, obviously?  Yes.  Jeff: Do you ever think about doing this show?  Sometimes.  Jeff: What's your name?  Olivia felledman.  Jeff: All right, olivia, do you think you could do it?  Maybe in a long time. ( laughter ).  Jeff: Okay. Well, there's no bhrt time than the present to start. This is  your first challenge. This is all the food you get for the rest of the night.  Good luck. ( applause )  okay.  Jeff: All right, so-- we're going to see her on the show one day and you're  going to make me eat that rice myself. All right, we're going to see now what  happens with Keith. He just won this advantage. It's a big advantage, but the  question I is will it pay off. It's the "Survivor: San Juan Del Sur: Blood  vs. Water" finale continuing right after this. ( cheers and applause )  "underneath a cave of rocks hides an idol which improves your  chances." the same clue everybody else got. I’m on exile, and Jon got  voted out. I mean, at this point in the game, the next tribal, it's basically  me or Keith. Oh! This game, man, it makes you emotional. I've been through a  lot in my life. You know, being diagnosed with not being able to have kids  and all that, when I was really young. So, this is one night, and in the  grand scheme of things, I feel like I’m fight for me and Jon now, for money  to have kids in the future. And if Jon was here and he could give me a pep  talk he'd be like, "you're almost done. You've done way harder things in  your life than this. Just rock it out." and I’m going to do that.  Good job, Keith, way to go.  That was crazy.  That was intense.  The reward challenge was sucky. Keith won. Which means he got an advantage.  Un, it's frustrating because he is the biggest challenge threat.  Okay, so let's talk about this. Let me tell you what that is. It gives him an  advantage tomorrow.  I hope it's an endurance.  It will be tomorrow, because we have tomorrow and the next day and then  that's it.  But tomorrow, if he doesn't win, let's send him home immediately.  Yeah.  The little note said read in private so I snuck off and read it. "you  have earned an advantage in the next immunity challenge. A challenge table  has been delivered to a private spot at your camp. You can practice for as  long as you want, but once you stop, you are finished." good grief.  "this challenge requires patience and finesse. You will use a series of  metal spoons to transfer because through a series of obstacles from one side  of the table to the other." when I got to the table, it had a few more  clues, you know, telling me how the challenge works. There wasn't nothing to  fill me in. Oh, it goes like that? I mean, it took me a little while to  figure it out. Start it like that. The challenge table has got four handles  and you just pass a ball to a paddle over an obstacle to another paddle,  complete that three times, bam. Necklace around your neck. Whoa! I’m going to  stay here and practice because I need that necklace tomorrow. This is a big  advantage, believe me. There does come a point in the fire service where it's  stay and die or jump out the window. It's called flash over. This room is  fixing to flash over, and you better do something quick like. It's to the  point now I’m on the hot seat, but I think maybe I’m not flashed over yet. I’m  probably going to practice until dark. I’m ready to go tackle this baby and  get that necklace. Your concentration ain't as good as it was when you first  started. I don't know why that's so hard right there. Good grief, man. I’m going  mentally. Oh! Whoa! All I can do right now is win challenges, and go for that  necklace. I’m losing focus.  Yup. What do you think?  I think it's up to guys. I have said-- basically, I have two decisions at  this point. Missy and Baylor, feel like I’m definitely going to be with Missy  and Baylor, but I could decide to go with Keith and Jaclyn and say let's get  one of these girls out. Let's try and make it happen.  That's exactly right. That's how it's supposed to be.  I have an idol for myself if I don't win immunity, but the advantage is  basically going to help Keith in the next immunity challenge. It totally  sucks that he got is because he's going to be hard to beat. I know it's a big  decision on who goes home tonight.  Hey, let's win.  Jeff: Come on in, guys.  Jeff: We'll now bring in Jaclyn, returning from Exile Island.  Yeah, Jaclyn.  Hi, guys! I’m alive.  Jeff: So, Jaclyn, how was exile all alone?  Well, it definitely sucked being away from camp. I mean, it's a terrible time  to go away to exile.  Jeff: And, Missy, you have a new part of your wardrobe.  Well, this was big Jon's shoe that he left behind, and so I decided that I could  kind of cut it and so I could have at least a foothold so I could at least  stand, and it looks like today I might be able to participate.  Jeff: You feel good enough to compete in this one.  I'm going to do it.  Jeff: All right, you guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: First things first, Natalie, take back the necklace. Once again,  immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're going to use two  very small paddles to maneuver a ball through a series of obstacles. If at  any point the ball drops, you gotta go back to the start. First person to  transfer three balls wins immunity, guaranteed a spot in the final four, one  step away from final tribal council. Losers, somebody will be voted out and  become the seventh member of our jury. Stakes get bigger every single day.  We'll draw for spots. We'll get started. All right, here we go. For immunity  and a guaranteed spot in the final four. Survives ready? Go. Big learning  curve out of the gate. Takes a lot of touch. You only get that touch by  practicing again and again. You're going to drop that ball a lot in the  beginning. Don't let that worry you. Don't get frustrated. Just keep going. Missy  doing a nice job. Baylor doing a nice job. Keith drops. Jaclyn still at the  front, trying to figure out how to get that ball moving. Missy getting some  momentum now. Keith drops again. Keith had an advantage in this challenge.  The question is did it help? You don't want to pan nick this challenge  because anything can happen. Missy drops. She's got to go back. Just when you  think you have it figured out, you lose your ball and you gotta start again. Baylor  halfway through with her first ball. If she can keep it alive. Baylor drops.  She's got to start over. Keith working on his first ball. Keith with a nice  save. Keith now starting to make some progress. Keith doing a nice job. He's  got his ball on the final obstacle. Keith very close. If he can get it up top  and dropped, it gets very tricky at the end. Keith has his first ball  through. Two to go. There are three balls total you have to transfer. Keith  has one. Everybody else still trying to figure it out. Jaclyn trying to get a  key. She's looking over at Keith. What is he doing? What does he know that I don't  know? Is that advantage helping Keith? It would appear so. Jaclyn still  working at the first obstacle. Keith whipping through this course. Keith  working that second ball.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Keith very close to having a second ball. Keith has his second ball.  One left for Keith. Natalie still trying to get one. Baylor drops again.  She's got to start over. Jaclyn drops again. She's got to start over. Missy  still working on that first ball.  I keep dropping them.  Jeff: Keith working on that third ball. Nobody else even close yet. Natalie  starting to panic now, rushing. That's not going to help. Baylor rushing now.  Trying to put some pressure on Keith. Keith getting very close to finishing  this challenge. He's got his third ball on the time obstacle. Can he keep it  steady? It would be his third individual immunity, guaranteeing him a spot in  the final four. Keith wins individual immunity, guaranteed a spot in the  final four. Keith, come on over.  Good job, Keith. ( applause )  Jeff: For the third time, you are safe at tribal council. Keith cannot be  voted out of this game. You are guaranteed a spot in the final four. As for  the rest of you, slef days in this game, your dream will fall two days short.  Somebody going home tonight. You'll become the seventh member of our jury.  Should be a very interesting afternoon. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp.  See you tonight at tribal, congrats.  I'm in the final four, I know like the n.c.a.a. Basketball play-offs. One  more step and I won't be sitting by this log. I'll be jumping on it. ( cheers  and applause )  Jeff: Keith is on a roll. I want to introduce you to a really special guest.  This is one of my best new friends, austin. We met austin through our friends  at make a wish. He had this big dream. Austin's dream was not only to come  visit the location of his favorite show but to also create a challenge that  would make it on the show. Very tall order. I've never gotten a challenge on  the show, ever, 29 seasons. ( laughter ) so we invited austin and his family  and his sister addison to come out. Everybody flew out. They practiced  challenges. You got behind the camera a couple of times. They visited tribal  council. And then came the moment, the pitch. And you went in to see John  kurhoffer. She one of our supervising producers. He's responsible for every  challenge that's ever been on the show and you had to pitch him. What was  that moment like?  It was a really great moment that i'll always remember.  Jeff: You know why you will remember it? You pitched like you did it your  whole life. We told you we can't promise is it will get on the show. You left  the room and kurhover said, "i think so it's going to get on the  show." and then you had to wait all these weeks. This is the challenge  austin created. It aired last week it was a massive challenge. And this is  all him. ( cheers and applause ). And then I know you guys had a party,  right? We shot some video, I think-- yeah. So you had all your friends over  while you watched the episode. Were you a big deal that night?  Yes, it was.  Jeff: Mom and dad, what's it been like for you guys? Because austin really  had this just gigantic adventure?  It was-- it was such a proud moment, watching him in front of that white  board with John is something we'll never forget.  Jeff: Well, we are so happy that you are here, and you had a lot of things  happen. You had to get a passport, you had to glie flyon a plane. You went to  a foreign country. It was sweat, there were bugs you you ate the rice we  showed earlier. How do you wrap this up? How do you wrap up this experience  jai just wanted to hospital show. You're welcome. ( laughter ) ( cheers and  applause )  Jeff: That is why I love you! Okay. Back to the show. Big tribal coming up. Keith  is safe, and that means one of the girls is going home. So somebody is going  to turn. Who is going to make the big move? ( cheers and applause ) run over  and watch you do it once, because I thought if I could watch you do it once.  Did you get it going down?  I got it up to that and that's when it stopped.  You never got it going down? Nobody got a ball.  No!  Really? That's was just a little bit of practice.  And you're good with balls, Keith.  I'm good with balls. Coming back to camp wasn't too bad. I don't know. Uh,  man. Yeah, I ought to have this by now, right? Your mind goes on the 37th or  8th day or whatever. Okay, all right. Here we go. Coming back to camp after  the immunity challenge, wasn't too bad. You know, tonight probably won't be  too hard. I mean, Jaclyn knows, she's going right up there to the jury.  I mean--  best can be expected?  Yeah. It's all right. She's going to get to have her nice bottle of wine.  Oh, yeah.  I think jablin is ready to go.  Yeah.  So are you still voting with them?  I am being totally real right now, if you want to vote one of them out and  down, I wouldn't vote you out tomorrow I wouldn't vote you out tomorrow. You  guys would probably vote my ass out tomorrow. It will be one more day for me.  That's my whole thing, one more day. I just went through a whirlwind two  days, Jon being voted off, feeling alone after that. Then going to exile,  feeling more isolated and I’m coming back here and I know I’m going home and  it sucks, and I’m like, no, I’m not going to lay down.  What would do you today?  I feel like Missy? Just because I feel like Baylor disw whatever her mom  tells her.  I mean, listen, I feel really secure with Missy and Baylor, like, I trust  them 100%. But at the end of the day, they're blood.  Me and my mom are not voting for you.  Yeah.  You know that.  Yeah.  I was thinking tonight, you're going to play your idol, right? Because you  have to.  Play it for my mom.  I don't think you need to play it for you, honestly.  That's fine. I know I’m in the final four because of my idol. I also know  that Missy and Baylor probably won't vote me off because they feel confident.  We're so tight. We trust each other.  No one is voting for you Keith's not going to vote for you. He's going to vote  for Jaclyn with us everyone is on Jaclyn. And Jaclyn will vote Missy.  One thing is for sure big moves do win this game, and I feel like i've done  moves that haven't been as impactful as i'd like. But it's not about anybody  else at this point. I’m just thinking about myself. It's either making a big  move today, getting rid of Baylor or Missy, and risking losing ital and not  making final three, or kind of playing it safe and vote out Jaclyn. That's  the only fear they have is that people will be like, "look at the move Natalie  made. Am people are always scared of people who make big moves. If I did  something big tonight, tomorrow, I could be the one going home. Scary.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Josh. Jeremy. Wes. Reed. Alec.  And Jon, voted out at the last tribal council. So, Jaclyn, how is your game  different now that Jon is out?  Pros, obviously, you don't have to worry about the other person. Cons, you  have no one you can trust 100%. So it's like I’m trying to figure out what to  do now when the only person I really trusted is gone.  Jeff: Keith, what was the reaction when you got back to camp after the last  tribal council?  It got heated. It got loud. I thought it was going to be a cat fight. I mean,  hair pulling. It got heated. But I never heard my name, so --  so that would make it good news for you.  Wronger that. Yup. That's it.  Jeff: Missy, final five, last time you can use an idol if you have it. What's  the spheelg because very few have been played, and always at surprising times.   I'm pretty confident about the idol situation because I know who has it.  Jeff: Jaclyn, what do you read into that? Missy's saying I’m confident about  the idol situation because I know who has it.  It's crazy. I didn't even know there was aniseed aniseed on here.  Don't be who has it.  So I’m thinking she or Natalie or Baylor may have it, because I don't know  anything about it.  Jeff: So that would make it potentially worse for you.  Yeah.  Jeff: Missy, any concern at now i, as the final loved one pair still in the  game, now it becomes a liability. If both of you could make it to the end,  it's a pretty good story.  I definitely feel like we're probably in a danger zone but I do feel pretty  strongly that I still have an alignment that's stuck like glue.  Jeff: Natalie, what was the vibe at camp today after Keith won immunity and  you knew it was going to be you, Jaclyn, Missy, or Baylor going home tonight?   It takes one person off the chopping block and the rest of us are just trying  to figure out what to do. Everyone assumes me, Missy and Baylor are voting  together, but there were some discussions that happened, Jaclyn came to me  and plus Keith winning immunity, you know, it makes everything so much more  complicated.  Jeff: Jaclyn, was Keith the next to go if he didn't win?  As far as I know, yeah. So it was kind of a toss-up between Keith or myself,  which sucks.  Jeff: Because if it's not Keith, then--  then it's me. Like Natalie said, I came to her. I’m like, "what can I do?  I’m seriously at the bottom. Is there any possibility we can do  anything?"  Jeff: Missy, is there anything Jaclyn could do in this position?  I think that there could always be cracks in this game. I think in our  particular situation, there aren't, and so I completely respect and honor her  for trying, but sometimes I think after you swing as hard as you can, I mean,  you do just kind of have to shrug your shoulders and go okay, well, you  know-- I mean, this is my time.  Jeff: All right, it is time to vote. Keith, you're up.  It was really fun playing with you. I hope you don't take this too personal.  Natalie told me to do this and to just trust her. If it's not you, it's going  to be me. So hopefully I can trust Natalie.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. It if anybody has a hidden immunity idol and  you want to play it, now would be the time to do so.  Yeah. I guess it's time to pull the idol out of the bag. I was going to play  this for myself tonight, but it's more fun when you play them for somebody  else. Jaclyn, did you vote for who I told you to vote for? I’m playing this  for jac.  Jeff: Okay.  I knew I liked her. I knew I liked her.  I'm going home. Love you.  I love you.  Jeff: This is a hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast for Jaclyn will not  count. I'll read the votes. Jaclyn. Does not count. Jaclyn. Does not count. Jaclyn,  does not count. Baylor. That's one vote Baylor, one vote left. 13th person  voted out and the seventh member of our jury, Baylor, you need to bring me  your torch.  I love you, mommy. Give me a hug. I love you.  I love you so much.  I love you.  Hang in there.  Jeff: Baylor, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  Love you all.  Jeff: Natalie, Jaclyn, Missy, Keith, you've made it to the final four.  Tomorrow you will compete in your final immunity challenge. Try to get a good  night's sleep because are you definitely going to need it. Grab your torches,  head back to camp. Good night.  I feel surprised. That was a really good blindside. I’m super proud of  myself. I’m not mad at Natalie. That was a really good move. ( cheers and  applause )  Jeff: Well that was one of the biggest moves the season. That is how you play  "Survivor," and it is moves like that, I think are one of the big  reasons why I hear the same thing over and over when you guys stop me on the  street to talk "Survivor," which I love, and that is is.  Never misan episode.  Never miss an episode.  Watch it and rewatch it.  Jeff: All of you have watched every single episode. And this is not uncommon.  We veteran on 29 seasons. That's 400-some hours dedicated to this over 15  years. What is it about the show that keeps you coming back? We were in a  long-distance relationship and it made "Survivor."  it was our date night.  Jeff: Do you watch with mom?  Yes.  Wednesday night, our night is girl night, girl power.  Jeff: You have girl power going on right there. Are you guys together?  We watch it and rewatch it.  Jeff: You rewatch it?  Once a year we start at season one --  oh, my God, you're nuts.  I've had a lot of changes, changed careers, changed boyfriends, but "Survivor"  is the one constant for me.  I taped it every week on vhs, and one night I had a date in college and had  to cancel cause it was thursday night.  Jeff: That's "Survivor," that's love right there. Natalie just  pulled off a big move and now she has to go back to camp and deal with the  fallout. That's what we have to looked for to.  When I walked into tribal, I had an immunity idol and my plan was basically  deciding keeping Baylor around or Jaclyn around. Trusting two family members  in a situation where I could be the outsider just seemed like a really  dangerous thing. So Baylor went home.  That was pretty slick. I mean, it's showtime now.  At one point, you've got to realize it's an individual's game. Making this  move, I realize that I can get rid of a couple but not be the main threat. If  Keith wins tomorrow, he'll probably want to vote out Missy over me. This way  I get to go to the final three and I’m not just putting my fate in Missy's  and Baylor's hands, and Missy's case in final three is so much stronger  sitting next to Baylor than without Baylor.  No. It's a game. I’m not mad at you. It would have made me nervous, too, to  have you and your sister.  Yeah.  Ah! It didn't go as planned. Um, so, Baylor got voted out. You know, it's a  game. And, I mean, I’m okay with it because I don't have to write my child's  name down on a voting ballot. I mean, it's a relief, and it's a lift off my  shoulders.  <br/>This is the only thing I have ever kept from you.  I know, I understand. You have told me more than anybody else has come close  to telling me this this game. I mean, I guess the fate of my game is in these  other people's hands because I can't compete.  It's okay.  Well, thanks for giving me life one more days because of you.  If Keith wins immunity tomorrow, I won't have any chance.  Obviously, you did the smart thing. Tonight at tribal I thought I was going  home, and Natalie totally stepped in and saved my life.  It's between me and you tomorrow for the immunity.  Yeah, we got it.  I need to win immunity tomorrow. And if I don't and Natalie does, she's  taking me and Missy to the final three.  Keith is the number one threat right now, so the goal is to not let Keith win  so we can vote him out next.  Yeah, Keith is scary.  Keith is scary.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! You guys ready to get to your final immunity  challenge?  Yes.  Yes.  Jeff: First things first, Keith, take back the necklace.  Oh, man.  Jeff: Hate to give that up, huh?  I do, I do.  Jeff: The last time immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're  going to race down a giant tower. You'll then maneuver through a series of  obstacles, collecting bags of puzzle pieces as you go. Once you have the  first three bags, you'll head back to the top, drop them, head back down and  get the other two. You will then use those puzzle pieces to solve a puzzle.  But there's a twist. When your puzzle's complete, three pieces will be  missing. The shapes of those pieces will reveal the three numbers you need to  solve the combination lock. First person to get it right and raise their flag  wins immunity, guaranteed a spot in the final three, a chance to plead your  case about why you deserve the title of "sole Survivor" and the  million dollars that goes with it. Losers, tribal council, where somebody  will be the eighth and final member of our jury, no shot at winning this  game. So, Missy, obvious question-- looking at the size of this challenge, I don't  see any way you can participate given the shape you're in.  Yeah, I’m pretty sure it's not going to happen.  Jeff: All right, Missy going to sit this one out. We'll craw for spots. We'll  get started. Here we go. For immunity and a spot at the final tribal council.  Survivors ready? Go. Fireman's pole is the first step. Natalie down, Keith, Jaclyn,  everybody down. Now you've got to go backwards. Using that rope. It's Natalie,  Keith, Jaclyn. Head out to your first stations. You gotta hit all five. It  doesn't matter what order you go. Natalie through the first obstacle. She's  untying. Keith through his first obstacle. He's untying. Jaclyn through her  first obstacle. Natalie heading back. Keith heading back. Natalie has her  first bag. Set it down and head out for another. The wind is picking up. Jaclyn  taking a long time on that first obstacle. Keith back with his first bag.  Here comes Jaclyn. Jaclyn heading back out. It is Natalie and Keith right now  both working on their second bags. Jaclyn now heading out for her second bag.  Natalie heading back. Keith now in the lead with his second bag.  Come on, Natalie.  Jeff: Drop it and get number three. Once you have three, you gotta head up  and come back down for the other two. Here comes jack win with her second. Keith  working on that third bag. Natalie now looking for her third. Keith heading  back. Jaclyn with her second bag. Looking for number three. Keith has his  third bag. He can head up to the top. 57 steps you gotta climb to come back  down and do it again. Natalie back with her third bag. She can start heading  to the top. Jaclyn working on that third bag. And it's Keith and Natalie both  with three bags. Jaclyn still working on that third bag. Natalie heading back  down. Keith heading back down. Jaclyn quickly falling behind in this final  challenge. It's Natalie and Keith still side by side. Jaclyn heads up now  trying to pick up some time.  You got it, you got it, you got it! Be careful on the pole on the way down.  Grab tight.  Jeff: Keith across his fourth obstacle. Natalie has her fourth. Jaclyn  heading back down now. Jaclyn is falling out of it. Right now it is Keith and  Natalie, both coming back with their fourth bags. Natalie heading out for hir  fifth and final bag of puzzle pieces. Keith has his fourth. Jaclyn working on  her fourth. Natalie on that fifth bag. Jaclyn with her fourth bag. Natalie  with her fifth and final bag. She can head up, start working on the puzzle. Keith  working on his fifth bag. Natalie now with a burst of energy. She's sprinting  up those steps. Keith has his fifth bag. Keith and Jaclyn heading in  different directions. Jaclyn working on her fifth bag. Keith heading up. Jaclyn  has her fifth bag. She can head up. Natalie has a big head start working on  this puzzle. Here comes Jaclyn. Pick it up! Let's go! Jaclyn's lost a lot of  time in this challenge. 38 days taking its toll. Big gust of wind making this  even more difficult. Jaclyn exhausted. Can barely open the bags. Natalie  already working on her puzzle. Natalie, Keith, and Jaclyn fighting for a spot  at that final tribal council. All Missy can do is watch and hope somebody  takes her to the end. Natalie's puzzle coming together nice leally. Keith  working on the borders. Jaclyn struggling even to get the pieces out of the  bag. That's what "Survivor" does to you. You last long enough, it  will kick your butt. It is the logo of this season. Wind blowing everybody  around. We are on a tower that is four stories high with a massive wind while  you try to solve what could be a million-dollar puzzle. Natalie still with a  bit of a lead over Keith. Jaclyn racing to get back in this. Keith with  another piece. Keith's puzzle now starting to come together. Natalie still  with a bit of a lead, but not much. Jaclyn starting to pick up the pace. Her  puzzle's starting to come together now. Jaclyn with another piece. Keith with  another piece. Natalie with another piece. Everybody's still fighting, still  in it. It would be Natalie's second individual immunity win. It would be Keith's  fourth. It would be Jaclyn's first. Jaclyn places another piece. Jaclyn is  now back in this challenge out of nowhere. I'd written her off. Natalie  getting very close to finishing. Keith getting very close now. Jaclyn down to  two pieces left. Jaclyn has her puzzle complete. Jaclyn has her three shapes.  They will correspondent to three numbers. She's heading down. Jaclyn with a  big hit. Are you all right? You all right?  Yeah. Jaclyn took a huge fall and she's still fighting. Keith still stuck.  Was so close.  Okay.  Jeff: Natalie has her puzzle complete. She's got her three shapes. Natalie  can head down. It is Jaclyn and Natalie.  Come on, guys!  Jeff: Untie, that Jaclyn. Match up the symbols with the number, then race  back up! Here comes Natalie. Make sure your numbers are right. Because if  you're wrong, you gotta go all the way back. Jaclyn heading back, does she  have the right numbers? Jaclyn's come from behind and has a shot to win it. Natalie  still trying to untie. This would be it for Jaclyn. Jaclyn back. Does she  have it? Natalie heading back. Don't give up. You get one shot to be right.  Otherwise you gotta head back down. Does she have it? Yes! Jaclyn wins individual  immunity, guaranteed a spot in the final three!  Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Oh, my God!  I couldn't get that for nothing.  Jeff: Jaclyn, come on over.  Yeah!  Jeff: Out of nowhere.  Crazy.  Perfect timing.  Jeff: Proves once again, never, ever give up in this game. Jaclyn, safe  tonight at tribal council. That means you are guarantee aid spot in the final  three. As for the rest of you, 38 days is not quite enough. Somebody going  home tonight, somebody will become the eighth and final member of our jury.  You have the afternoon to figure out who it's going to be. Grab your stuff.  Head back to camp. I'll see you tonight at tribal council. Congrats.  That was a tough one. Believe it or not, Jaclyn won. Natalie saved Jaclyn  last tribal, so I see no reason why Jaclyn should get rid of Natalie. That  means trouble for me is what it means. Big trouble.  Oh, my God.  That was, like, the hardest.  Hardest challenge ever.  That's the day to win.  That's the biggie. You anticipate kidding.  Jon is going to die when he sees me wearing the necklace tonight. I can't  wait. Oh! I didn't win one immunity challenge the whole game, and I won the  freaking most important one. I can't believe it. I’m not taking this off.  Don't. I would be spaing out if I was you.  Tonight I have a huge decision. Who to take to the final three. I like to  talk everything out. That's how me and Jon played the whole game, just  talking everything out, every scenario we could think of. And ultimately it  could be a million-dollar decision. It could be a million-dollar mistake.  Can I plead my case right now? You're who I need to be talking to jac. She's  the power, she's the man.  Whoever wins the necklace has the power.  You try to make a pitch to get to the million. And day 39, you're pitching  why you deserve the million. I've got to get in the final three. I’m thinking  you got a better chance with me and nat instead of Missy and nat. Missy's  gonna get a lot of votes. She's going to get the sympathy vote for her  ankle-- some. She's got Baylor lawyer already.  That makes sense.  I give Jaclyn my pitch. If Jaclyn gets rid of Missy, she's got a better  chance with me in the three than Missy. Hopefully, she'll visualize that and  see. That's all I can say. It's in y'all's hands. Think about it Jaclyn.  I will.  So, I mean, it's obviously me and you. And one of them.  These two are dangerous in different ways.  I know. Trying to outweigh the pros pros and cons. We should have a  conversation about this.  The problem with Jaclyn is she's wearing the necklace, she knows she's in the  power seat. I will keep going and hope she doesn't let this power trip go to  her head. Okay, Missy.  Who would vote for Missy. We vote Missy out.  I would vote Missy out today. But I think Keith is scarer. I don't know. It's  up to you. I don't want Jaclyn thinking too much. I’m trying to tell you what  to do what's good for you and me here and listen to me. Let's get rid of Keith.  I shouldn't spas out but this is the end. I have room to be nervous. I have  to talk to Missy, too, but.  I think it's going to be Keith for sure, unless something happens in my head  in the next four hours, but I kind of doit it.  I have a question for you.  Okay?  Would you ever vote nat? How do you feel about that?  Jaclyn, I have to be honest I think it's a toss-up.  I think out of us four, she's got the strongest game play. Then I’m like holy  crap, she gave me life last night. When you think about it, she coordinated  the barely blindside and the Jon blindside, and that's two huge plays that  broke up the fab five. That's a huge statement.  Yeah.  Jaclyn comes up and says, how would you feel about voting out Natalie? My  head I went-- um. Well, "a," number one, she voted out my kid. And,  "b," keep talking. If your gut is talking to you, you need to  listen. What's it saying? I mean--  my gut is saying Keith because the guys. But my gut's also saying Natalie  could beat me with the game play.  What would Jon say?  Vote her off. Total ( bleep ). I know.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Josh. Jeremy. Wes. Reed. Alec.  Jon. And Baylor, voted out at the last tribal council. All right, so let's  talk about today. Jaclyn, big final immunity challenge. Tell me about the  feeling on day 38 knowing you are guarantee to be here tomorrow night.  Absolutely amazing. I mean, it's a good feeling. But at the same time, it's  hard. Because now I’m in the middle, and i've talked to everybody about  different scenarios, and it's tough. It's really tough.  Jeff: Natalie, last tribal council, you had an immunity idol, you played it  for Jaclyn, and saved her. Do you expect a little reciprication from Jaclyn?  You saved her last tribal that she certainly won't vote for you tonight?  It's nice to think like that, but I wasn't expecting it back, but it would  be, obviously, a nice gesture.  Jeff: Jaclyn, do you feel an obligation to Natalie to keep her tonight, even  if you think she might beat you?  Um, I do and I don't. I mean, she did blindside Jon. That leaves a sour taste  in my mouth.  Jeff: Keith, what was the day like for you? What did you experience?  Well, I went through the same scenarios that everybody is going through. You  know, nat saved jac last tribal, so she might have a heads up. And I’m thinking  it's got to be me and mis, it's got to be.  Jeff: I’m curious, Missy, why Natalie is not in these discussions. Is that  because you guys think you can beat Natalie.  I don't know for sure that Natalie is going to the end. I don't know if Keith  has information I don't know about but the three of us can't be comfortable  tonight.  Jeff: Natalie, what's a reason to get rid of Keith tonight?  Everybody loves a fireman, you know. He's a really charismatic guy. People  are drawn to him, and everybody loves him.  I like that.  Nicely said.  I like that.  Jeff: Keith, do you have a reason it would make sense to get rid of Natalie  tonight?  Um, Natalie's got a bunch of vote over there.  Jeff: Based on what?  Well, based on the way she's played the game, good, real good. I mean, she's  a big threat.  Jeff: Natalie, you can win this game?  Yeah, I think I could win this game. I think I have a good shot at winning. I  really did this not only for me, but for me and Nadiya. I was with a bunch of  loved ones. Everybody was coupled up but me. I just said even if it's hard,  go the hard route. Don't go the easy route. And made some risky decisions and  kicked ass in challenges and it's brought me this far and I’m really happy  with the way I played.  Jeff: All right, it is time to vote. Missy, you're up.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. Once the votes are read, the decision is  final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council  immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote. Keith. Missy. Keith. Two votes Keith,  one vote Missy. One vote left. 14th person voted out and the eighth and final  member of our jury.  All right.  Jeff: Keith, you need to bring me your torch. Keith, the tribe has spoken.  Time for you to go.  See y'all.  Bye, Keith.  Bye, Keith.  Jeff: Missy, Jaclyn, Natalie. Congratulations. You've gone as far as you can  go in this game. The power shifts to the jury. Eight people that you had a  hand in voting out, they will decide who they think is most deserving of the  title of "sole Survivor" and the million dollar check that goes  along with it. You have one more night out here in San Juan Del Sur. Then we  will reconvene again tomorrow night for your final tribal council. Grab your  torches. Head back to camp. Good night.  Missy, we need public speaking 101.  Okay.  So all three of them voted for me. It wasn't a blindside. It's three women. I  can barely handle one woman at the house, much less three of them here. No  hard feelings. I love them all. ( cheers and applause )  Jeff: That response speaks to how much people I think enjoyed watching Keith,  and watching him learn the game as he went along. After it was over-- this is  15 seconds after Keith was voted out-- I catch up with him in the jungle--  this is after a month of playing "Survivor" and barely missing out  on a million dollars, here's what was on Keith's mind. You go back home and  your buddies say, "tell me what it was like." how do you explain  this experience?  Who would have thought I would be sitting in a spot in nicaragua. If you  would have asked me is Keith coming back from the moon or sitting in  nicaragua? They'd say i'd be coming back from the moon. ( laughter ).  Jeff: So we're watching Keith and we see his son Wes out there, if you're  like me, at some point you're thinking who married Keith? Who created this  family? This is dana, welcome.  Hi. Thank you!  Jeff: Mouth have you. ( cheers and applause ) how long have you and Keith  been married?  We've been together about 30 years married 25.  Jeff: So is there anything-- Keith was really fun to watch because he didn't  really know the show. And he was learning it. Was there anything he did,  though, that embarrassed you out there?  Well, about the only thing we're going to talk about was the way he was  trying to teach Missy how to raise her child. Yup.  Jeff: Really? So did you have some words about that?  Yes, we did, yes, we did. You don't tell another woman how to raise her baby.   Jeff: Missy does a good job of letting people know that herself. Here's a  question that came up, here's a twitter question @softballsam wants to know,  what about the spitting?  He did spit a little too much on the island but that's pretty typical for  him. What you see is what you get for him.  Jeff: That's why we like him. We are down to it, Jaclyn, Missy, and Natalie.  This is it, final tribal council. Somebody's about to win a million bucks.  Next time you see me, I will have the votes. ( cheers and applause )  oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Can you believe it? When we started there were 10  men and eight women. For three women to be sitting in the finds is pretty  cool.  On the jury, it's all guys.  Seven men on the juries. I’m so not intimidateed by seven men. I have been  married and divorced three times, so I’m not fearful whatsoever about  speaking to these guys.  I wonder what the questions are anything to be?  I think tonight is going to be super important for me to really sway them,  present myself the best I can, and no matter how it ends, you have the power  to be positive about it or dive your head in the stand and become a failure.  And that is not who I am. ( screaming ).  Oh, my God! Eggs, bread, champagne.  Oh, my gosh!  Pineapple, mango!  My God, is that cheese?  I've actually learned a lot about myself, and the fact that I was able to  navigate through this without the one comfort i've had my entire life, which  was nawdio. And I was able to do this on my own makes me really proud. And I know  my parents will be proud, too, because they feel like we can't do anything  without each other. Final three, baby. Now I need to really work through what  I’m going to say to the jury. I don't want to leave having any regrets about  this final tribal. Amazing.  Oh, my God!  I can't leave anything up to fate. I gotta do the jury's job for them. I gotta  make them see why they need to pick me and why I deserve to be the sole Survivor.   Can't wait to reconnect with Jon and be like, "i made it to the final  breakfast, sucker." ( laughter ) I feel like I was underestimated from  the very beginning in this game. Winning the million dollars means a lot more  to me than it would another person just because "blood versus  water." it's family and relationships. That's what I want most, I want a  family with Jon. And I can't start a family or give Jon the family he wants  without the money. But the title of "sole Survivor" would mean more  to me than the money because the title would even further inspire all of the  girls with m.r.k.h. I want to prove to all the girls that have my syndrome  that you can do it. There are ways. Never give up. This experience has just  made me appreciate and realize how strong I really am. I've been fighting for  39 days. Tonight is the big one.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Josh, Jeremy, Wes, Reed, Alec,  Jon, Baylor, and Keith voted out at the last tribal council. Welcome to your  final tribal council. You've gone as far as you can go in the game, and tonight,  in one of the truly unique aspects of "Survivor," the game shifts.  The power moves from this side of tribal over here to the jury. Eight people  that you had a hand in voting out will now decide who wins this game. Who  gets the million dollars. This is your last chance to persuade them it should  be you. Here's how it's going to work. You will each get a chance to make an  opening statement. Then the jury will get their chance to address you. And  then we vote. All right, Missy, opening statement. ( sighs ).  Well, as I humbly sit here in the final three, I realize that these roles  could be reversed, and I could be sitting there, too, and I know you guys  have a huge decision on your hands, probably as big as a jury on a murder  trial because what you decide tonight is going to affect the rest of my life.  My deal was loyalty from beginning to end. And any time that someone said  they didn't trust me, well, they had to go. The biggest decision and the  biggest move and the hardest decision I made this this game was voting Jon out.  I had to wake up and play the game, and I had to vote that way. Day 33 was  the hardest and the roughest day of this game for me. It's the day I broke my  foot. I finished the challenge on one leg. I brought my team to the victory,  but it was devastating. But I wasn't going to quit. The finish line was in  sight, and I knew I could fight through it. And that's what I did. I played  this game consistently with integrity and dignity and mainly loyalty. And I think  that's why I deserve to be this season's sole Survivor.  Jeff: Jaclyn. ( sighs ).  I deserve to be the sole Survivor because I went through a lot of ups and  downs in this game just like in my real life. I started out pretty slow on a  tribe who had me on the chopping block from day one. I felt really alone. And  it didn't stop me from fighting. When the tribe swap happened, I was able to  align with some really great people, including my loved one. From that point  on, I was in this middle position throughout the majority of the entire game,  swaiching alliances. And if it wasn't for that decision, these two wouldn't  be here right new. Jon gets blindsided, and I knew at that point I had to  take the reins and step it up and finish the game, and that's why I’m here in  the top three. My journey throughout this game is literally like a metaphor  for my life. When I was 15, I was diagnosed with m.r.k.h. Syndrome, which  means I was born without half my reproductive organs. Was down and alone,  feeling really terrible about who I was, and then I just gained this strength  throughout my life, turned a negative into a positive, and just triumphed  from it. And I feel like I did that in this game, too. And that's why I want  to be the sole Survivor.  Jeff: Natalie.  I feel like I deserve your votes tonight and feel like I deserve the title of  sole Survivor. I feel like I have outwit, outplayed, and outlasted better  than the two ladies sitting next to me. I have outwit by making smart, risky,  and even scary moves by myself. Outplay eye feel like I represent well in  every challenge of the game. Only girl to volunteer to go to exile twice,  carried my weight around camp. Never once has anybody called me lazy. And  outlast, I feel like, you know, Nadiya getting voted out day three, when she  got kicked out, I changed the way I played the game from let's just survive  another tribal to, you know, what? You gotta win this game. If you're going  to be here, you might as well win it and do everything with a purpose.  Sitting here on day 39, makes me so proud, and feel so honored to be pleading  my case to you guys tonight, especially since I feel honestly, that last  night, the right decision and the right person to go home should have been  me, not Keith, if they made the right decision.  Jeff: All right, jury, I know some of you have waited a long time to address  these three. I’m going to give you a moment to collect your thoughts. And  then we'll get to it. This is your first chance to address Missy, Jaclyn, and  Natalie. You are looking for information to help you make a million-dollar  decision. Jon, get us started.  Jaclyn. I want to give you the opportunity to present a big move or decision  that you solely were responsible for making and how did it affect the final  three?  I think for me, it would be the first vote, Josh. I think that that swung the  entire game, and I knew that if I was with the guys like Keith and Wes and Josh,  i'd be on the bottom, just like I was at Coyopa with them. Reed came to me  and asked me am I okay? And I said yes. He thanked me later for being honest  but I wasn't because his loved one went home, and I kept that from him. But I  got to the final three, and I don't think I would have if I swung the other  way and went with the Josh and Reed alliance.  Sure, sure. Good luck.  Thanks, Jon. Keith, you're up.  Hi, gals. Nat, how does it feel the last words you ever spoke to me was a  lie? How does that make you feel?  I knew, Keith, if it wasn't you, it was going to be me. And at the end of the  day, we're all trying to get to the final three. I really did feel bad about,  you know, telling you about Missy, but I think they were all trying to make  it to here. And I knew that the only way I could survive is if I sold you as  the biggest threat, and you are a big threat. Between you and Missy, I needed  you two in the final four so the target would be off me.  Well, I know you gotta do what you gotta do, and I just hate-- I hated the  constant lying. I know it's part of the game, but I went through half this  game without an alliance, without lying, without-- until it boils down to it.  It's just-- I don't know what to say. That's the way I look at it.  Jeff: All right, thank you, Keith.  Thank you.  Jeff: Alec, you're up.  All right, ladies, well, nat, what's your biggest one move in this game? And  how did it impact the turnout of it?  The one move I made that ended up changing the course of the game for me  after was voting you you off.  I knew you would say that.  That was a move nobody knew I was going to make because I had this  feeling,un, I could work with Keith, no matter what happened. I couldn't do  that with you. Getting you out, meant Keith was able to help me and Baylor  and Missy get Jon out, and after Jon went, getting out Baylor meant all the  couples in my big, strong alliance was gone, and we were a bunch of singles.  Soas it was probably you.  All right, momma. You claim to be the mother in this game. What was so  motherly about the way you played the game jai centered myself in the mom  position in the middle of what we called our dysfunctional family and I as  the mom got to direct people to vote for the people I wanted out which were  the people that would say they didn't trust me, starting with your brother, Drew.  That's what I did. I stayed in the control position and directed my people to  do what they were supposed to do.  Okay.  Jeff: Thanks, Alec. Baylor, you're up.  Oh! Oh, my gosh! So happy for you guys. Obviously, I like being a girl and  like seeing three ladies up there, represent. Okay, I just want to talk to my  mom for a sec. So, mom, I’m going to try not to cry. So, obviously, this is  much more than a gam for you and me just because relating it to our life back  home, we've been through the ringer together. And we went through the ringer  together here as well. I feel like we've always been on one foot, hobbling  through marriages and divorces and men coming into our life and out. You  know, being blindsided, and I feel like you making it to the final three on  one foot is the most incredible thing you've ever done in our life. So I’m super  proud of you, just so you know. I love you. Congrats, you guys.  I love you back. That's the best hug i've ever had, right there. I'll take  it.  Jeff: Josh, you're up.  Hey, guys, well done. I can't say they don't wish I was right in those  positions tonight, but you guys are there and not me, so good job on you. Jaclyn,  I guess I want to know do you think that the reason why you're here tonight  is from, like, the strength of your own merit or do you think choices made by  stronger players in this game is the reason why you're sitting here?  No, I don't think so. I mean, every decision between me and Jon was argued  and thought out and discussed. That's why Jon and I went off alone together  multiple times and weighed out pros and cons of everything. If you're saying  stronger player, meaning Jon, no. My merit carried a lot of those decisions.  Can you just give us, like, one move that was solely your move, and not  involving anyone else, that it was your idea.  Voting you out was my move and my idea.  Okay. Cool. Thank you very much.  Jeff: Wes, you're up.  All right. Congrats.  Thanks.  Me playing with my dad was awesome, and i've been watching since I was nine,  finally getting to play with him was like, oh, crap. You know, it's just a  great experience, and my question to y'all is what was it like getting to  play with your loved one? Y'all can decide who goes first.  For me it was like a dream come true. Baylor and I have taken many crazy  paths, and this one, by far, was the best. But I adore your dad. We played  from the very start of this game together, and he was the shoulder who  literally carried me when I broke my food foot. So I loved that, too.  That's good. I like that.  Playing with Jon was a little different. I mean, boyfriend-girlfriend  scenario is different than mother-daughter, father-son, obviously. But it's  been a great experience. I feel like it's been a communication thing for us,  that's for sure.  Nat?  You know, the longest i've been apart from Nadiya was probably a week and a  half, and it's been 36 days I haven't heard from her, talked to her-- oh, my  gosh. I’m going to cry-- or seen her. And I feel like even though I didn't  get to play with nawdio, the fact that dithis alone makes me proud because  i've never done anything without her. I've done this whole thing not thinking  about making nawd yeah proud and if she got kicked out first, my torch was  going to be the last to put out.  Jeff: Did you get what you needed?  I got what I needed.  Jeff: Jeremy, you're up.  What's up? I’m a student of this game. And when you all make big moves, I like  that. You made a big move on me. I applaud that. You know what I mean? Good  job. I think it could have gone bad, but the best player is going to win. No  matter-- everybody here, the best player is going to win. And I thought I was  up there, but y'all got me. But, clearly, nat balled out. Like you gotta just  give it to her. She balled out, show give her, her credit. Don't be mad. You  know what I’m saying? We all wish we were there, but we ain't. What are you  going to do? Don't be bad. I love you all. I have nothing bad to say any  anybody. I don't even need a back-and-forth. I feel good. I’m happy for you  all.  Thank you.  Thanks.  Love you.  Jeff: Thanks, Jeremy. All right, Reed, you're up.  Ladies, just a few things before we close tonight. Nat, I just have to say  they loved watching your game play. It was dynamic at times a little spastic.  I thought you made some really great choice. So I just wanted to say  congrats, it's awesome.  Oh, thanks.  Jaclyn, you're another person I really enjoyed getting to know out here, and  it was so funny because I never really felt like we could get our plan to  converge together, but that didn't stop me from trying with you and still  having a good time trying to play the game. It was nice to get to play with  you. And I do looked for to, you know, hanging out with you afterwards. Missy,  you cast yourself as the motherly figure. However, fans of classic literary  fiction will see through very quickly to who your true character was, which  was the wicked step-mother, really, of the tribe. It's the eccentric woman  who comes in and makes demands of everyone to the things for which she feels  so entitled. She spoils her childrens by bye perhaps giving them more rice at  dinner or the best places to sleep at night in the shelter. She takes things  that she's either not entitled to or didn't earn herself which was always  evidenced by the fact you got more gimmes in this game than anyone and  performed the worst out of anyone at challenges. Lastly, you made the quintessential  wicked step-mother move by abusing the help, which in this case, was the  minority alliances throughout the game. You always made sure they felt  inferior. You always kept them in their place. And you always made it  eminently clear, they weren't coming to the ball, which is the tribal council  this evening here, with you. That always felt like your fatal flaw in your  whole plan. Unlike life, in the game of "Survivor," the outcasts  are the ones who get the final say. So in a sweeping moment of poetic justice,  the people to which you were so rude and terrible to before relegating them  to the jury with the help of your alliance are going to decide your fate this  evening. This is why I love fairy tales because they always have a happy  ending. And the wicked step-mother, never wins. Nat, Jaclyn, good luck.  Jeff: That was a lively final tribal for sure. This is what comes with making  it to the final three. A jury who is going to make you earn it every step of  the way.  Bail odon't worry about it.  Stop!  It doesn't matter.  I know!  Just let me breathe for a second. God.  Jeff: All right, jury, in a moment, you will vote for the last time. This  vote is a million-dollar vote. I'll give you a moment to take in everything  you've heard tonight, and then we will vote.  Jeff: All right, jury, after 39 days it comes down to this. You're going to  cast your vote for either Missy or Jaclyn or Natalie, the person you think  most deserving of the title of "sole Survivor" and the  million-dollar check that goes along with it. For the last time, it is time  to vote. Josh, you're up.  I love you. I’m so proud that I get to write your name down tonight.  You did your thing, girl.  Mom, I love you, and I think you played the best game, no matter what anybody  else says, and i'll always be your number one fan.  Jeff: I'll go get the votes.  Jeff: Missy, Jaclyn, Natalie, jury, thank you for another fun season of  "Survivor." I will see you back in the u.s. For the reading of the  votes. Good night. ( cheers and applause ) ( cheers and applause )  Jeff: Thank you! All right, let's bring it down. Let's get to this. It's been  a fun night. Loved doing this live. Loved being with you guys and having this  party here. I wish everybody at home could experience this, the energy in  here. But now it is time to finish up this season. I gotta say, to the final  three, Missy, Jaclyn, Natalie, in a season that started out with more men  than women, to end up with a final three of women speaks to what somebody  said earlier-- girl power, nicely done. ( cheers and applause ) to the jury,  that was-- that was tough. Reed. ( cheers and applause ). Well-- well  delivered, but that was rough. I can't wait to talk about that. Okay, let's  get to it. Votes in here for a winner tonight, and only time on "Survivor"  you want to see your name on these votes. These are for the win. Here we go.  First vote. Jaclyn. ( cheers and applause ). Nat. ( cheers and applause ) one  vote Jaclyn, one vote nat. Jaclyn. Two votes Jaclyn, one vote nat. Missy. (  cheers and applause ) two votes Jaclyn, one vote Natalie, one vote Missy.  Nat. ( cheers and applause ) we're tied, two votes Natalie, two votes Jaclyn,  one vote Missy. Nat. ( cheers and applause ) that's three votes Natalie, two  votes Jaclyn, one vote Missy. The winner of "Survivor: San Juan Del Sur,"  Natalie. ( applause )  Jeff: All right. We have our winner, Natalie, who played without her loved  one longer than anybody else, used that to her advantage. Very unpredictable  season and there's a lot to talk about, for instance, are Jon and Jaclyn  still together? It was quite a fight. And the fight between Natalie and John  rocker, was that actually a strategic move by Natalie? Plus Josh and Reed an  openly gay christian couple are going beyond "Survivor" and  changing lives. We're going to show you what we're doing for season 30 as  well. And it's awesome. It's the "Survivor: San Juan Del Sur: Blood vs.  Water" live reunion show. That's next.