<br/>Jeff: One year ago, "survivor: Blood vs. Water" pitted loved ones  against each other.  Brad culpepper.  Jeff: Testing the core of human emotion in a way we'd never experienced  before.  My mom needs to go.  I love you.  Jeff: It was so compelling, we're doing it again.  Jeff: Scattered below, nine pairs of loved ones have been dropped in the  youngles of nicaragua to begin the adventure of a lifetime. It's not even day  one, and the game has already begun.  That was pretty sick.  Jeff: Each pair has been given a flipt to practice making fire together. It  may be their only chance to help each other during the game.  This is unreal we're doing this right now. This is no joke.  The game has begun.  This may be the only night you spend together.  Rely on each other and learn to make shelter and fire.  At daybreak, follow the path on your map.  Leave the flint and steel behind.  Jeff: They come from all walks of life, boyfriend-girlfriend, John and Jaclyn  are experienced winners. She's mismichigan, 2013. He played football for  michigan state.  Mismichigan turned "survivor" lady.  Look at me now.  We have a phenomenal relationship.  We have fun. But it's not all just-- this pretty beautiful picture that  people just love to paint.  I don't want people to hate us and think that we're like this crazy, perfect  couple.  Professional baseball player John rocker was at the center of controversy 15  years ago.  I spent the last 15 years of my life trying to say i'm not the loud,  obnoxious, boisterous kind of guy, but the media has loved over the years to  label me racist, bigothomopopic.  Bigot, them are fighting words.  Jeff: Longtime girlfriend Julie hopes to provide him with the support they  need to pitch a perfect game and get to the end.  I have a lot to prove. Everybody may say look at the girl with the hair and  the boobs and boyfriend. But i'm very independent and can stand on my own two  feet.  I mean, there are, like, a thousand crab holes. There's one right there.  Hello! Snakes don't live in holes, do they?  Baylor, we have to light a fire.  Seriously, we're going to run out of daylight. ( hooting )  oh, my God.  Ohio. My help dear. God.  Jeff: Mother-daughter, Missy and Baylor, are no strangers to adversity.  It's coming down here.  Jeff: Missy's three divorces have forced Baylor to take on the moral role in  this complicated relationship.  Holy crap.  There are five.  The divorces have definitely brought us closer. You know, what happens to me  affects her. Whatever happens to her affects me.  Absolutely. There's this bond between mother and daughter that is so  unbelievable, you can't tear it apart. I mean, there's no stopping us. I  mean, no way.  Come on, baby. That didn't work.  Cut off a piece of your hair or something.  Jeff: Brothers Drew and Alec from rural florida have always had a sibling  rivalry. Now, younger Alec would love nothing more than to outlast his older  brother in the game.  Drew and i have been going at it pretty much since i came out of the womb. I  hope to prove i can beat him at this game.  I hope he can beat me at this game. I really would.  I will give you a front-row seat.  Dad, take a break! Don't hurt yourself already.  Jeff: For hardworking Dale, farming is the only life he's ever known, but  growing up, daughter Kelley couldn't wait to make her own path.  Come on, dad. Of all the teams we should be able to get fire faster than  this. My dad and i, we have had an up-and-down relationship over past 10  years or so. We didn't talk for probably three or four years.  I think "survivor" will help us grow back together. This will be  something that we can share for the rest of our lives together.  We're a hot mess.  Oh, my gosh. Huge crab.  Jeff: Longtime "survivor" fans and couple Josh and Reed perform on  broadway in new york.  Oh, you got him!  Jeff: And both feel they have what it takes to survive 39 days in this  jungle.  Kindling, babe. Little guy went out.  We both are such fans of the game. This guy, for our first Valentine's day--  here we go.  Gives me flint.  I got him flint!  We're actually really comfortable being outdoors and sleeping in the dirt.  And we are now ready for it.  We are going to have you for dinner! We did it!  Jeff: They've left behind the comfort and safety of their normal world. For  39 days they will be left to fend for themselves.  There's a bit of a role reversal-- the fireman starting fire.  Jeff: Boston police officer Val and her firefighter husband Jeremy have an ongoing  rivalry over their jobs despite being madly in love with each other.  I tried to get on "survivor" for 10 years. I didn't bring her out  here and leave our daughters at home--  to lose.  To lose.  I know that we're both in it to win it. So may the best profession win.  Jeff: Sri lankan twins, Nadiya and Natalie took an aggressive approach on the  "amazing race" and it failed them twice. Now they're looking to go  on their biggest adventure and go all the way.  Third time say charm. On the "amazing race" you have basic needs.  You take away all the basic needs and you have "survivor." we will  have empty bellies.  "survivor" will be way harder than "amazing race.  It was going!  Our blood is thicker than anybody else's blood out here. I can guarantee you  that because the longest i think we have ever been apart without seeing each  other was, like, two weeks.  We need help!  Jeff: Father and son, louisiana firefighters Keith and Wes, share a love for  their job and the outdoors.  Wes, have you already lost the stryker?  I gave it to you both.  Jeff: But while Keith is neither retirement--  are you kidding me?  Jeff: He's not yet ready to pass the torch to his son, Wes.  We lost our stryker for our flint rock. And i'm pretty sure it was him. Man,  you got to quit laying stuff in the sand.  You laid it down. This is my time to shine.  What about my time? Is it over with?  Your time has been gone. Been gone?  It's show time for me, i think.  Show time for you.  Social aspect, physical aspect, mental aspect eye feel like i got it all.  You're about as mentally strong as that rock.  Jeff: Their relationships will be put to the ultimate test in "survivor:  San Juan Del Sur-- blood vs. Water." 18 americans forced to work  together while bablgthsing elements and each other. They must learn to adapt  or they'll be voted out. In the end, only one will remain to claim the  million-dollar prize. 39 days, 18 people, one survivor!  Jeff: Welcome to "survivor: San Juan Del Sur-- blood vs. Water." (  cheers and applause ) let's talk about last night. You were each given flint.  Who here had luck making fire? Wow. Quite a few of you. Down here on the end,  you guys had fire?  Yeah.  Jeff: What are your names?  I'm Reed.  I'm Josh.  Jeff: Were you surprised you could make fire or is this-- not surprised at  all?  No.  Jeff: Usually people come out here and they've never tried to make fire.  Jeff, if you're going to be on "survivor," you need to know how to  make fire.  That's right.  Jeff: Down here in the camouflage, what are your names.  Wes.  Keith, father-son.  Jeff: You didn't make fire.  I had a problem. The problem is we lost our stryker.  We dropped it. ( laughter ).  It started out bad. But we used a rock, and we got our little bowl going with  a rock until our flint broke in half. ( laughter ) and then, it was doubl  downhill that.  Jeff: I have to say, i've used flint a couple of times. It's pretty hard to  break one.  We did it.  Jeff: Girls right here what, are your names?  Nadiya and nattia.  Jeff: Sisters, clearly.  Twins.  Jeff: Looking at people who here do you think might be in a little bit of  trouble?  We learned from "amazing race" not to judge books my their cover.  It's so many factors and i feel like in this game because it's so social, i  feel like it's somebody's game.  Jeff: Because this is "blood versus water" you will be competing  against your loved ones. It is time to divide up into tribes.  I felt a tug in my stomach like what do i say to Natalie before we go? Not  knowing how the tribe will treat her. It was gut wrenching.  Jeff: Open them up and see what color buff you have. If you're orange, your  name is Coyopa. If you're blue, your name is Hunahpu. Say your good-byes.  This game is on.  This is it. I'm going to be competing against my daughter. It was pretty  touching for me and it just brings it all home,un, this whole blood versus  water. That's what this is about.  Jeff: So straight out of the gate, Reed, a minute okay you were with your  loved one. Now, he is your competition.  Bring it. Let's go. ( laughter ).  Oh!  Jeff: Jon, what's it like for you? For a guy, you want to take care of your  woman. That's what we're suppose to do, right?  Technically you're right, yeah. This is kind of civil war, though. Brother  versus brother.  I watch all types of sports, and i'm pretty damn sure this is John rocker,  the relief pitcher for the braves. And he was an ass when he played. He might  still be an ass now.  Jeff: Jeremy is one of the tough parts being separated there's really nothing  you can do now to help your wife?  I think that's the only thing that's tough about it. Like, i want to help her  out and i want to--  i don't need his help.  She, she's tough.  I'm tough.  She's going to say that all day. But i'm still her husband.  I run things and i don't need his help.  Jeff: Wow. That doesn't sound like she needs your protection.  She says that all the time, but she--  but what? But i don't.  We'll see.  We'll see.  When the game starts.  I can handle my own.  Jeff: Well, the game is starting right now. You guys ready to get to your first  reward challenge.  Yes!  ( applause ).  Jeff: Here's how it's going to work-- one person from each tribe will race  through a wooden cube untangling rope. Attached to the rope, two rings. When  you reach the first ring, you'll use it to retrieve a platform and drag it  back. You'll head back into the cube, untangle the rest of the rope, get the  secretary ring. You'll use it to retrieve a second platform. The first person  to retrieve both platforms, get them across the finish line, wins reward for  their tribe. We're going to rock, paper, scissor to decide who puts up first.  One person from each tribe, take a spot in the middle.  Yeah?  Yeah.  Here we go. One, two, three.  Jeff: Rock breaks scissors. All right. Who you putting up?  I can do it, yeah.  You sure? I can do it. I should do this.  He seems confident, go for it.  Jeff: It's going to be Jeremy? Jeremy, come on heefer next to me. ( applause  ) all right, perfect opportunity out of the gate to be a hero for your tribe,  win a nice reward. Want to find out who you're playing against?  I don't care who i'm playing against. ( applause ) ( cheers )  yeah!  Jeff: It is the first twist of the game. You're competing against your wife.  Let's dp!  Jeff: Right over here. So, wow, the couple who talked the most trash about  each other get the first battle against each other. It gets more interesting.  Do you want to know what you're playing for?  Yes.  Jeff: The winner wins for their tribe fire in the form of flint. Plus you win  a bag of beans, fire and food, two of the essentials out here. You will go  back to camp on day one with. Loser of this challenge will be sent to Exile  Island.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Where you will live with no shelter and very little food. The bad news  is you will not be back at camp in those early moments when you are trying to  form the all-important alliances that can carry you through this game. Good  news is, you will return to the game in time for the immunity challenge.  You're not out. It is a true test of blood versus water. The only way to  prove your worth to your tribe is by defeating your loved one and sending  them to exile. Now how do you feel?  I'm here to play. We're all here to play, right?  Whoo!  It is what it is.  That's right. You got this.  Jeff: We'll get you guys belted up, we'll get started. Let's go.  Jeff: All right, winner wins reward for their tribe, loser goes to Exile  Island. Jeremy versus Val, husband versus wife. ( applause ) survivors ready?  Go! You have to follow that rope. Wherever it goes, you go.  Get there, Val. There you go.  Jeff: Val flying through it. Jeremy flying through it. A lot of adrenaline  pumping out of the gate.  You're doing great.  Jeff: They are evenly matched.  Come on, get up there!  Jeff: Husband and wife battling.  Keep the rope tight. Keep the rope tight.  Jeff: Jeremy with a bit of a lead. Val has to get up and over.  You're doing great, you're doing great.  Get up there, girl!  Jeff: Jeremy coming out of the box with his first ring.  Up and over.  Jeff: Val having a hard time untangling that rope. Jeremy is already tossing,  but it's not as easy as it looks,ula sewing that platform. Val struggling to  get over that platform. Exile Island for the loser. Not a good way to start  this game. Dig, woman! There you go! That's how you do it on  "survivor"! Val now back in this. She's got her first ring. We've  got a match! Jeremy almosts that hooked. Will that work? No! So close!  Now go slowly.  Jeff: Val has hers hooked! She's made a little progress! And it slips off.  There you go! There you go!  Nice!  Jeff: Jeremy's got his hooked. He's starting to move!  You got it!  Jeff: Jeremy doing a nice job. Jeremy has the first platform. Hook back up  and head back in. Val still looking for that first platform. And you need  enough rope to get there to do it. Jeremy extending his lead. Val still  getting hung up with not enough rope. Jeremy has his second ring. Val lasoos  that rope like she's in a Western. ( cheers ) Jeremy now working on his  second and final platform. Val's got it hooked. Jeremy's got his hooked! It's  Val's first. It's Jeremy's second. Jeremy slips off. Val's is still on. Good  job, Val! Get back in there! Val needs to move! Jeremy close to sending his  wife to Exile Island. Jeremy's hooked his second platform. Can he get it  back. It's working. Val trying to get through the second ring. It may not  matter. This could be it! ( cheers ) Jeremy wins reward for his tribe! And  sends his wife to Exile Island! ( applause )  Jeff: Jeremy, come on over. Out of the game, big effort, just proved the Value  you pring to this tribe, bit in doing so, you're sending your wife to Exile  Island. What's the feeling right now?  I got nothing.  Jeff: Val, on the flip side, what's it like for you to see your husband  struggling with this?  I feel bad for him, but i'll be back. I'm a fighter.  Jeff: Jeremy, you win for your tribe fire in the form of flint. Take this  back. ( applause ) well earned.  Great job!  Jeff: And a bag of beans. Now let's find out who is going to be with your  wife on Exile Island. You're going to choose one person from your tribe to  join her. Critical decision, moments into the game.  I already know.  Jeff: Who are you going to put with her?  Me?  Jeff: And why is that?  Because i know he knows how to start fire. I know he's an outdoors guy, and  he could take care of her.  Jeff: This is the guy who lost the stryker and broke the flint.  It wasn't his fault. It was his son's fault.  Oh, bull! ( applause ) ( laughter )  Jeff: Keith, how you feeling about this?  I'm good with it.  Jeff: Yeah?  Yeah.  Jeff: You seem emotional.  I am. I'm emergency for them. I see what they're going through. And i hope,  you know, and probably all of us, you know, before it's all over with, all of  us-- i don't know. I hate to leave and just like him and her. But we'll make  it work.  Jeff: All right, you guys swap spots. You go up, you come down. ( applause )  good job.  Jeff: All right. Your map to exile.  Yes, sir.  Jeff: You will return to your tribes in time for the next immunity challenge.  Val, Keith, head out to exile. ( applause ) map to your camp.  I knew it was blood versus water but my worst nightmare was to do this to my  wife, and now she's just gone. And it's my fault that she's gone.  Yeah! Home again!  We walked down this beautiful beach. It's such an epic "survivor"  moment. I have goosebumps thinking about it. It's so crazy because all of a  sudden you're like, oh, now we need to do things. This is it, like, go.  I'm glad we've got nails.  We have official "survivor" bags.  And rusty stuff so we can get tetanus. It's like christmas morning!  Good start. Good work.  I know.  We all are. I have the utmost respect for what you did.  Nobody say that coming, man. Nobody saw that coming.  Everybody was saying, good job," and it was a tough decision for me to  go against my wife and everything but everyone's happy that i won flint and  beans for them and everything. But going into the challenge against my wife,  like, i was, like-- like i was like i ain't crying out here, you know. And,  like, they won. You know what i'm saying. These dudes are going to kill me  back home. Me going one on one against her, like, that hurt, and then to see  her go away.  Uh-oh, dude. Yes!  That's my wife. You know, i need to take care of her and, like, i didn't do  that. In "blood versus water" you do have to think about your loved  ones and me and Val, i feel in this game it's all about us as a couple, but  it doesn't look good for her. What's your thoughts? I have a good rapport  with women. I get along with women. It's time to go balls to the walls. It's  time to play.  You seem like a good dude. I was getting a good vibe from you.  We've got to stick together.  I know. We can be a strong two, hopefully our pairs are solid.  All right. This is what i'm thinking. I was talking to Kelley because there  are nine of us, we need five. How do you feel feel about her?  I like her. I really like Jeremy, his emotions after he had to send his wife  to Exile Island, showed like a good heart, you know. I would say if i had to  choose one person as my designated twin, it's Jeremy. Everybody loves a  firefighter.  What are you thinking?  What are you thinking? You seem like you're super, super honest. So i want to  know, like, your gut instinct.  We need strength.  I know.  But we also need this--  i know, people that have some smart.  Being married and divorced as many times as i have, i've learned you have to  listen to your gut and my gut tells me Jeremy is good.  This game, it moves so much. The beginning of the game messed me up right  away but i feel pretty good where i'm at right now. Everybody is on my side  and i'm the popular guy. Everybody wants to date the prom king. So this is  perfect. This will work out.  Do we want to have a back to this thing?  I think a roof is a bigger priority.  Oh, definitely.  We're on "survivor"! I've got a machete.  And you're cutting a coconut.  Day one we are doing the necessaries which is trying to get fire, trying to  get nourishment in our stomachs and she trying to build a shelter.  Are you in school?  I'm in school.  How old are you?  I'm 28.  22.  22, yes.  It's a young group. We're with Wes and Baylor and Alec. They're, like, the  young group, and then it's me, Josh, and Jaclyn kind of in the middle. And  then the other dude is 40. ( burps ) and dad is like, 55, come on.  22 is t 32 is not old.  As long as it's older than me.  Right off the bat, there is a very definite-- okay, i'm 25 years older than  almost everybody here. I'm a self-employed farmer. I've been there all my  life. And we don't get a lot of visitors.  What's the old man's name.  Dale.  I'm just going to call him dad.  Oh, totally.  My biggest challenge on "survivor" is i'm not used to being in a  big group of strangers. That's tough. But you always have to be looking for  the positive in the situation. My first trip down to the water, i put the lid  back on the well, and i looked down, and here's this little embrem, and i go  it's not an idol but it could be useful some day. What the hell. So i need to  look at some other way to get myself into that tribe pretty fast. The other  way worked better. I'm trying to get fire so we can boil water. It smokes,  but the humidity is just enough it won't get that red coal going. That's why  bic makes a billion dollars a year. The longer i sat there the more pissed  off i'm getting at myself i'm supposed to be able to start fires. I've done  it before. I used to start fires with magnifying glasses when i was a kid  growing up.  Next.  We need fire, so we have two groups of people working on two different  methods. Dale is working on glasses and the sunlight, which i've never seen  before happen or work.  Oh, frustrating son of a.  And then we have group two--  you got it, you got it.  Which is a couple of us just scrubbing and scrubbing and scrubbing and trying  to get something.  How you doing, Dale?  Oh, man.  No, i broke them.  Oh, you did it on purpose.  Double the power.  There's a-- oh, my gosh! That's so right.  I snapped my glasses in half and doubled up the lenses to double the  magnification on them. I'm sacrificing my ability to see in the game later on  so i could start a fire. Here we go, boys.  Yeah, yeah.  We have fire! ( cheers )  Dale, i love you.  I have to be honest, at first you look at the oldest guy in the tribe and you  know immediately they're a target, and then Dale is the one who saved us all,  like, the very first thing we really needed, he provided.  Somebody needs to tell Dale, he's a bad ass.  I think i don't need to worry about the social circle as much as i did. I'm  the fire starter now. So that's pushed me up the food chain so to speak.  Dale's the man.  We literally owe you our surviVal tonight.  This is it.  First landing on Exile Island was a big shock. I mean, the Coyopa tribe is  now all bonding, so if they were going to get rid of somebody first, it would  probably be me. And on top of that, Exile Island freaking sucks. It's  desolate. It's rocky. The ocean-- it looks unswimmable. You're really left  with nothing.  Where do you want to begin?  Yeah, let's go check this out. I'm thinking playing "survivor." i'm  thinking taking it to the end, and, boom! I'm on Exile Island. I'm the first  guy out of the chute, me and Val.  Let's go look fair shelter?  Yeah. That ain't way i had this mapped out. I don't even know my tribe yet. I  don't want to be here.  Is there something in the tree over there.  Might be something over there we need to look into.  You each need to choose an urn. Go ahead.  I'll take this one.  He picked his urn, and i picked mine. And we both have a note and started to  read it.  Let's take a look.  I was so preoccupied for the fact that i had a clue for an idol back at camp,  that i didn't even realize that his was blank.  What's it say?  What does mine say?  Mine is about stuff at camp. And i think he expected that i was going to say,  "oh, read it." i wasn't going to do that. There's other stuff over  here.  Let's take a look.  Mine was blank. The story of my life. I said, "what did you get, Val?"  he kind of hem-hawed around. If it has something to do with Val's tribe, more  power to her because i'm not going back to Val's tribe. I'm goinga back to my  tribe.  You from louisiana?  Uh-huh. I ain't been no further north than arkansas.  Really.  I wouldn't know how to act in massachusetts. I saw that boston shirt.  Yeah.  And i saw his cambridge shirt.  Yeah, he's a cambridge firefighter.  I'll be danged. I'll tell you what, we got something in common.  You're a firefighter.  Me and Wes.  Get out.  He is. Come to find out, Val's husband is a firefighter. That is going to be  a bond. That's going to be a big plus, probably. When i do get back to camp,  i'm going to check in with Jeremy, see where he stands. But who knows? I  don't know what i'm going to walk into going back there. Worst case, all  eight of them hate me and that's the end of my "survivor" career.  Jeremy and--  i don't know. I didn't really want to, but i kind of was forced to step in  and really take control of the construction of the shelter. I'm glad  everybody is helping me with us.  There better be lots of coconuts tonight.  They better hook us up. It was a lot of work. I built the initial foundation  for our structure. It was important that we have something levitated off the  ground and get a nice, cool breeze from the ocean.  Is this going to hold people, really strong. I like it.  I about passed out trying to make it, so i hope it works. I hope the tribe  appreciates the hard work and effort that i put into the shelter. Look at  that dude.  Proud of you, Drew.  I actually was a successful model for the past few years. I'm kind of not a  big shot in europe, but i'm sure my face is around some different places. But  i'm not here to be a model at all. I'm here to be a survivor. Ba-da-bing,  ba-da-boom.  I never built one before.  I'm not sure why Drew thinks he's in charge. A little bit too arrogant. Bless  his heart.  Genius.  Being a woman and who i am. I'm dating John rocker, and he used to play in  the major leagues. He is type "a" with a capital "a." so  i understand the dude mentality, and Drew-- i mean, he's just kind of like a  young, dumb guy.  Ba-da-bing, ba-da-boom.  Do you know John's last name?  No, do you?  I think he's-- i was going to say-- i think i saw--  you think he's famous?  I think i've seen him play some type of sport or something. But i wasn't for  sure. I had ray suspicion about John the minute i saw him. I thought i knew  that guy from somewhere. I realized he played professional baseball for the  atlanta braves. And i was like, man, that was my favorite team. That was when  they were in their prime.  What's your last name, John?  Wetland.  Wetland?  Yeah.  Are you sure?  Yeah.  Positive?  I've been hoping to escape through this game anonymous, under the radar. If  i'm recognized by some of the other players in the game, i'm going to lie  about it bought i've not had a whole lot of anonymity for the last 18 years  of my life. Wes busted me. It didn't take long, two, three hours out here. He  asked me, "jur name's John? What's your last name?" i'm like oh!  Does it have five letters in it?  No.  No, six.  It's got seven. W-e-t-l-a-n-d.  All right. You just looked like somebody--  who you went to school with?  No, who i saw on tv once.  Oh.  Back in the day.  Yeah.  I thought so. I didn't know if you were going to--  keep it under your hat, please.  He was like, "yeah, it's me. I was trying to keep a low profile."  it feels good. I feel like he's from georgia. I'm from louisiana. I knew he  was the kind of guy, somewhat of a connection. I played baseball so--  i couldn't get it by everybody. I thought i'd try anyway. With Wes knowing  who i am, a secret like that, being kept safe with him may not be such a good  thing. The first council we go to, i will get a little jumpy. I may try to  get Wes out.  It's just like a burning sensation. And it just randomly started. We were  just laying here-- all of a sudden my eye starts flaring up, and now it's  just burning. And just constant watering. "survivor" always throws  a curveball at you. And all of a sudden it's like, ah. But you're out here in  the middle of nowhere that you're not used to and you get this. Being out  here you have to, obviously, suck it up and survive which is like, well, i'm  on "survivor." so that's what i'm going to do.  Josh's eyes, they're so red, and i hope that i don't get what he has because  it looks awfully painful. Now he can't even really open them, so not a good  sign three days in. Re's some kind of plan out plant out here, if you get any  kind of contact with it, it does some kind of rash. The only thing i can  think of, i guess we were touching the tree leaves.  It was this plant, the sap. Because we started ripping them.  Is that what you think it is?  I'm telling you, man.  So we're figuring the leaves we used for roofing has some kind of poison sap  or something that people were touching.  So let's get it off.  So we are working to remove that and get that the heck away from our camp.  My eye is telling me to get as far away as possible.  We got poison sap. We've got scorpions. There could be a puma running around  here that i don't know about. There are dangers far from anything i know in  florida around here.  Thanks for nothing.  Wish i had a tail. I've always been a goofball. But i've got a lot more depth  to me than it would appear. Nobody here knows what's going on at home.  Basically, this in february they found tamy dad he had a tumor in his brain,  right back here. It's noncurable. So i spent a lot of time thinking about it,  obviously. I think i'm cried out about it. Knowing that my dad and i don't  have very much longer to be together, it was very hard to make the decision  to come out to "survivor." but my dad is a big fan of  "survivor," and i wouldn't have come without his blessing. I just  hope they can watch it with him. And i hope i can make him proud out here.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! All right, we'll now bring in Val and Keith returning  from Exile Island. ( applause )  get over here.  Welcome back! ( applause ).  You made it.  I told you.  Jeff: Val, twoidize out on exile, how was it?  It's a desolate place. Not much foal age, but this northern girl and this  southern guy came together really well. So it was good.  Jeff: Well, it's safe to assume that a lot of relationships were formed in  the two days that you guys were gone. Hopefully you can each find a spot  within your tribe. All right, you guys ready to get to your first immunity  challenge?  Yeah! ( applause ).  Jeff: For today's challenge, you're going to race to the top of a giant  tower. On my go, both tribes will crawl under an obstacle. You'll them work  together to retrieve three bags. Those bags contain pieces you'll need to get  to the top. For the first wall, you'll use a rope. For the second wall, you  will use pegs. And for the third wall, you will use only each other. Once you  get to the top, four people from each tribe will solve the puzzle. First  tribe to finish wins immunity. This is what you covet in this game. (  applause ) with immunity, you are safe. Without it, you are in trouble.  Losers go to tribal council, where somebody will be first person voted out of  "blood versus water." Coyopa, you are also still playing for fire  in the form of flint. Give you guys a minute to strategize, we'll get  started. Here we go. For immunity. Survivors ready? Go! People mixing it up  in there. I like it! This is your first chance to introduce yourself to that  other tribe. Alec is already hurt! People cut up. That dirt is not friendly.  One bag at a time. Working together. Baylor working it for cowboy. Natalie  working it for Hunahpu. Now Julie's up there. Baylor working on the second  bag. Baylor now on that third bag for Coyopa.  Come on, girl, got it.  Jeff: Julie has the second bag! Kelley now up. Baylor has all three. Let's  go! One person start untying that first one. John's going to take the rope  wbo Coyopa and hook it up there. Kelley has the third bag. Big learning curve  to this. You've got to launch it.  Damn!  Jeff: John trying another approach. It is a lot more difficult than it looks.  That rope is very heavy. And you've got a very small window to latch it in up  there. John hooks it for Coyopa! He's first up. Use that rope tension. John  is up. Wes now climbing up. Drew going to take over for Hunahpu. He couldn't  get it done. Wes is up. Coyopa off to an early lead.  More slack.  Come on, guys. We got this.  Stay tawm.  Jeff: Nadiya is up. Here comes Val. Drew-- oh, just misses for Hunahpu. Here  comes Jaclyn. She is tentative. You cannot be tentative. Drew has it for Hunahpu!  Get up that wall! Drew flies up the wall. Here comes Jon.  Let's go, Jon, let's go, Josh.  Jeff: And there's Josh. Move on to the next wall. Now you're using pegs.  First peg.  Jeff: Kelley moving up the wall. Hunahpu trying to catch up now. Josh first  up using the pegs, no problem. Coyopa working together very well. Keith up  for Hunahpu! Jeremy the last person up for Hunahpu. Start working on your  pegs.  Go, go, go!  Get up there! Get up there! Go! Go!  Jeff: Wes the last one up for Coyopa. Now you have to get up that third wall  any way you can. Hunahpu still working on that second wall. Coyopa working  together well. John is a human pyramid, letting people climb over him,  getting up this wall. Hunahpu still getting up the pegs. Here comes Drew.  It's a very tight challenge out of the gate!  You're going! You're going!  All right.  Jeff: There goes John. Wow, that's a lot of weight! The women are pulling up John.  Great team effort by Coyopa. Julie up the wall for Hunahpu. Here we go. Alec  going to run for it. Josh has him. Coyopa is up. Start working on the puzzle.  Four people. Hunahpu still working on get up this wall. They're down to two.  Jon with a big lift from Drew. He's up. Now it's up to Drew. He's got to  scale this wall. And he does! Both tribes working on a very big puzzle. It's  very complicated. It is a symmetrical puzzle. These pieces will fit in lots  of different places. The question is, do you have them in the right spot? You  won't know that until you get to the end.  Yes!  Jeff: Coyopa has been making a lot of progress on their puzzle if they are  right.  There it is! There it is!  Jeff: It won't fit. Coyopa thought they were there but it won't fit.  Something is not right.  Yes! Yes!  Yay!  Jeff: Hunahpu thinks they have it. No! So close but not there. You've got to  keep trying things. What's so frustrating is you think you're making progress  and then you realize you're not.  Move! Move! Move!  Jeff: Hunahpu, very excited by their progress. They're getting closer. Are  they right this time? It looks like they are. Yes! Hunahpu wins immunity!  Yes!  Jeff: Hunahpu, congratulations. ( applause ) Missy, it's got to be tough to  be safe but know your daughter isn't.  It's definitely tough, Jeff. That's my little girl. But she's super, super  strong.  And know that no matter what, she's going to pull through.  Jeff: Natalie, typically you're with your sister everywhere you go. Tonight,  your sister is in trouble.  I know. It's like the last day i thought about Nadiya so much. I feel like  half my heart is all standing over there, and it's really, really tough.  Jeff: All right, Coyopa, tribal council tonight. Somebody will be the first  person voted out of this game. Grab your stuff. Head back to come. See you  tonight at tribal.  It could very well be me going home. I would be very surprised. I'm the only  one who can start fire. ( laughs ) but i'm the oldest guy in this damn bunch  so never know what's going to happen.  Good job, everybody!  Yeah!  The taj mahal.  You all got it going on. I just rejoined my original tribe. The first thing  we did was a challenge, boom, won that. And to come out here and see what  they accomplished, that looks like they all worked together. That's a good  thing. I need to know some names.  Reed.  Julie.  I'm Missy.  I didn't know what to expect. To work my way into this tribe, since i've been  gone, i'm going to try to slip in a little bit. Right now i'm learning their  names.  I wanted to talk to you because i owe you anyway.  I wouldn't say owe.  I owe you. I owe you.  It wasn't no chore.  But i owe you. So right from the beginning of the challenge, Val and and i  saw each other. And i see her she's like, i'm all right." i know Keith  took care of Val. I don't know how far that will take him, but i owe him  something. I pulled you out, and i'm going to get you right back in. And  you're in.  I got Jeremy kind of halfway on my side, i would think. He's a firefighter.  I'm a firefighter. I mean, fire department's a brotherhood. Now the other,  what, seven, i have no idea about. Give me a day or two and we'll figure all  of this out. See what happens.  So we a lot of times swim in the sea water, and then we go over there and we  have, like, a lake over there that's fresh water that kind of cleans us.  Oh, really.  Welcome, Val. Glad to have you here.  Thank you!  You're welcome.  After losing, immediately i'm thinking, pretty much i haven't got to play the  game, and now my game might be over. So as soon as i knew where the equal  was, which was part of my idol clue, that's where i was going. I have got to  find this idol.  So what do you think, Natalie, so far, comparing this to "amazing  race."  Nadiya.  Excuse me.  It's a totally different ballgame. When you get on the "amazing  race" you're given exactly what you need to do and this is up to you,  figure it out.  Nadiya is a known element. Obviously, she's been on "the amazing  race." she's shown she can backstab somebody. The rest of the tribe i  don't know that about. Val is the easiest vote. She's only been here a couple  of hours.  I'd say Nadiya, easy.  Because i know how she does the "amazing race."  i didn't even think about "the amazing race." in the "at  mazing race" it's u-turn. I'd rather backstab them before they backstab  me.  Gray with them.  They think nadia should be the first one to go because she was on  "amazing race." and, of course, you say yes. And then Nadiya  approached me i think a couple of minutes later.  I got your back.  I knew it.  And i know Natalie's working with your boo over there.  They're saying the same thing about you. They're in.  We'll talk about it a little bit. , of course, anybody who comes to me, i'm  like, "thank God! You're coming to me pup know, and i i wanted to be  that person in this game. That was one of my goals. To be the person that  people are coming up to me and saying, "i want to work with you."  i was counting you one of the girls.  Nadiya says, "i was just counting you as a girl." my boyfriend can  tell you one of the workforce thing to say to me. I don't blame her. People  stereotype people all time. I'm kind of keeping my options open right now. I  feel like i have a lot of choices.  Basically, i'm on the chopping block. I wasn't here. I had, you know, no way  to bond with everybody. And i get that. Now, this is the deal-- if we have an  all-girl alliance, we can get a guy over to our side. Don't you want to make  some history? It's about time--  hell, yes!  Love that!  I mean, come on!  So all the girls get together. It was a good opportunity for us all to  recognize that we need to stick together at this point and our options are  very slim if we don't.  What boy is going to jump with us?  Josh, that's all we need he's with us, trust me. , of course,.  I thought for sure i would want to work with Josh, the gay guy. You know, we  are already counting him as a girl, and that's five.  Let's think about guys we don't need.  Dale.  We can lose him and do challenges.  He started the fire from scratch.  So what? We get flint tonight.  Yeah, let's do it.  The plan is to vote Dale out, because we don't think he's helpful in the  challenges.  One, two, three. If i don't go with the women, i would definitely do whatever  Josh is doing. I haven't had a chance to talk to him yet about what his plans  are, but i kind of want to hear from him first.  So what's happening?  Oh, my gosh! A lot! The girls brought me to the well.  Okay.  They want to vote Dale.  Who do you want to vote?  With you. Where is your head? Have you talked to the guys?  They were talking about Nadiya, but obviously we have to figure this out.  There is a lot up in the air tonight, and i do feel a lot of that weight is  on me. I think i'm kind of right in the middle between the guys' alliance and  the girls' alliance.  First freaking tribal, and i'm-- we're-- i'm like--  being a fan of the show, this is a big deal. But it ultimately is which one i  think is going to get me furthest in the game. At this point i don't know.  Sometimes the people with the swing vote end up in the worst position. I  tonigh don't even know if i'm going to really decide until tribal council  which one i'm going to go with. A torch. Go ahead and grab a torch, dip it  in, and get fire. This is part of the ritual of tribal council because in  this game, fire represents your life. When your fire's gone, so are you. John,  does is surprise you, given how hard it is to get here, and three days can  seem like forever, and before you know it, you're voting somebody out?  It does seem to go quick. That's the name of the game. That's how it works.  And unfortunately we're here, and the blue team is probably having a fiesta  on the beach right now. It's really tough. There's not that usual obvious  choice of the obnoxiously lazy person or the real jerk or whatever.  Jeff: Nadiya, give me the vibe of this tribe.  I feel like we've been getting along so well since day one. And suddenly, we  have this huge decision to make that none of us were ready to make this  decision so fast. But yet i think we have to look at players' attitudes, what  their physical capabilities are. And, you know, i grew up just knowing to  keep going, don't quit. Things are tough. Are you going to be sad or are you  going to put a smile on your face and make the best of the situation and keep  going.  Jeff: So make lemonades out of lemons.  Make margaritas out of lemons, preferably. And i feel like that's what gets a  tribe through hard time.  Jeff: Josh, do you agree with that? That's a very positive, optimistic way to  play "survivor"?  I think you should keep that positivity and motivation kind of going all the  time. That's one of the first things in surviVal because once you lose that  positive spirit, you're dead.  Jeff: Nadiya, i gotta ask, how did the first three days of  "survivor" compare to "amazing race?"  oh, Jeff, it's so different. "amazing race" they give you exact  directions what to do. In "survivor." here's your island. Do  whatever the hell you want with it. You know. "survivor" took away  all my primal needs-- water, shelter, food. And last thing, but definitely  not the least, is my twin sister. She's the only blood family i have in  america. We're all each other has. But now for the next however many days,  this is my fam, and it's surprising how well we are doing and i'm proud of  our tribe.  Jeff: Val, what's it been like for you because most of these first three days  were spent on Exile Island.  Well, it's stress portfolio upon i don't know these people. I feel like i  didn't have time to form relationships. But exile had its blessings too. Time  to explore, and find things and hopefully that will ease my mind, regardless  of what the outcome is.  Jeff: Jaclyn, who do you see that bonded quickly? Who do you notice getting  along right out of the gate?  The guys mostly, John, Wes, Alec, right away bonded.  Jeff: Dale, what's it been like for you because typically older people are  sometimes an easy target.  Well, yeah, for most-- i got 20 years on everybody here. I mean, there are  different interests and everything so it is tough to find the same things to  talk about.  Jeff: So what do you do, given that you know being older can be enough to get  you voted out?  First thing is proving my worth to the tribe. That's why i took my reading  glasses and, Jeff's rules, fire is life. I tried to start a fire and after  about an hour and a half it didn't work soy broke them in half and doubled up  the lebzs and it still took another hour and 15 minutes of sunshine to light  the fire.  Jeff: What's that feeling when you finally see flame?  I mean it was just such a huge relief because that's the first thing you  need. Without fire we can't boil water. We can't cook food. We would have  been really hurting today.  Jeff: Wes, are there one or two people, people tend to hover around and say  what do you think?  I think Josh is the most well liked. Everybody talks to him. Everybody asks  him what's going on, are there problems? You tell him something, and it's  like, "dude, i feel you, man. I'm with you. I feel that pain, too."  i feel like he's caring with you.  Jeff, i can agree with that because i think he has that advantage to go, you  know, in between the girls and the boys, you know. I considered him part of,  you know, the girls.  Jeff: Is that because he's gay or just because--  i think the fact that he's gay helps. Obviously, i'm never going to consider  a straight guy girlfriend.  Jeff: Josh, it's kind of an interesting position. The women like you, and the  men like you. Do you feel any pressure?  If the four girls are together, and the four other guys and i'm stuck in the  middle somewhere, then my decision is a big decision, but that could not be  what's going on here. But it could be.  Jeff: Always a pig question.  Yeah, always.  Jeff: All right, it is time to vote. Wes, you're up.  We all love you, sweetheart. Just way too much experience on "amazing  race."  because you're the odd man out.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes.  Oh, my God. This is too intense.  Jeff: If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now  would be the time to do so. Okay, once the votes are read, the decision is  final. The person voted out will be asked to leave tribal council area  immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Nadiya. Dale. Baylor. One vote Dale,  one vote Nadiya, one vote Baylor. Dale. Nadiya. Two votes Nadiya, two votes Dale,  one vote Baylor. Dale. That's three votes Dale. Nadiya. Tied again. Three  votes Nadiya, three votes Dale, one vote Baylor. Nadiya. Four votes Nadiya.  Three votes Dale. One vote Baylor. First person voted out of "survivor:  San Juan Del Sur-- blood vs. Water," Nadiya. You need to bring me your  torch. Nadiya, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Well, i think the  message is clear-- you're 0-2 in challenges, a third of the tribe received  votes. This tribe is still finding itself. You gotta pick it up. Good news  about coming to tribal, you officially have fire in the form of flint. Grab  your stuff. Head back to camp. Good night.  This season, on "survivor: Blood vs. Water," it's Coyopa taking on Hunahpu.  Survivors ready? Go!  If someone's after you, i'm going to go after that person.  Get together and vote him out.  I can't believe we lost the plap.  I've done the worst thing if "survivor" history.  Somebody's got the idol. We're going to burn it!  I'm out to get him now.  I feel really deceived by Jon.  Jeff: Officially you're quitting the game.  It means war.  We're going to fight to the end.  Count on it.  If you were a man i'd knock your teeth out.  This is the second time i'm out first. It sucks. I don't know if because of  "amazing race" i have a target on my back. You can have regrets in  this game. Fs what it is. I'm not surprised. But i definitely am  disappointed. I hope nattery wins it all. It will be hard without a loved one  there with her but i'm going to be rooting for her all the