<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor": Seven have been voted out and no  idols have yet been played. The tribe has spoken. Leaving three idols still  in the game. Jon's idol--  that's a game changer.  Jeff: That he with only Jaclyn and Missy.  I found the idol.  Keith's, that Reed took everyone about.  And one idol that still laept been found.  There is an idol hidden at your camp.  I didn't ask her. She just showed it to me.  Jeff: Facing tribal council, Reed was the target of the majority alliance.  My chances of being here tomorrow are pretty slim.  Jeff: But after Jeremy became suspicious that his ally, Jon, had an idol--  jon, you had to have found it.  Jeff: Everything changed.  I I would like Jeremy out this time or next time.  Jeff: At tribal council, Jon convinced enough of the tribe to take out Jeremy.  Eighth person voted out and the second member of our jury, Jeremy. Spacing  Reed and blindsiding Jeremy's closest ally, Natalie. Jeremy, the tribe has  spoken. Nine are left, who will be voted out tonight.  I'll tell you what, tribal. That was a biggie tonight. Reed was going home.  That's the last word I got. I even voted for Reed.  We are all still here but it is on thin ice, so let's just stay humble and--  we need one more person.  Reed is a gamer. He plays and he knows how to talk to folk folks and figure  out, mathematic numbers and all that mess, which is way above me.  As long as we can stick together and not turn on woon another, we'll figure  something out. At tribal council, Jeremy went home. It was a big play and it  was a big success, which was awesome. Don't vote for me again and we'll  figure this out. I’m trying to decide how I can go deeper into this game  right now, whether it's sticking with the Jon-type group and just picking off  some people who are in my alliance, or taking out Jon. That would be a really  great play because Jon thinks he's alpha male here. So I just feel like  totally blindsided.  I know, but listen to me--  how can I trust you guys now? I feel like you can't trust you.  You were already off with Jeremy.  Talk about a blindside. I had Jeremy as my partner. It was really hard for me  but I had to put on a good face and try to figure out what to do next.  Another reason for why this happened.  Yeah?  I have an idol. I found it on exile. And I wouldn't have shared this information  with you unless I still trusted you and everything's still the exact same.  It was Jon in charge of the whole blindside, and I want to give Jon a taste  of his own immediate. I want to do it for Jeremy. It's just figuring out the  right plan and the right moment.  I was shown the immunity idol clue when we were at exile. I think it said  "10 something from the flag." I have to find that bleed idol. So  to-do-list-- find the idol. If I could pull it off, that would be amaidsing  because I would love to get rid of Jon.  Jeff: All right, you guys ready to get to today's reward challenge?  Yes!  Jeff: For today's challenge you'll divide into two teams, cief into the  water, climb up a platform, jump off the platform and grab a key. Once you're  back in the water, you'll collect puzzle pieces and swim back to the platform  and the next person goes. Once you've collected all the puzzle pieces, you  will use them to build a puzzle statue. First team to get it right, wins  reward. Want to know what you're playing for?  Yes.  Jeff: Here in nicaragua, baseball is the most popular sport. It is play  played by kids all across the country. Today you will serve as ambassadors of  goodwill when you deliver baseball gear to kids who love the sport but are in  need of some equipment-- hats, balls, bat, helmets, uniforms-- everything you  need to put on a great game, which you will then watch while enjoying  baseball food.  Oh!  Jeff: Hot dogs, hamburgers. Carmel corn. Nice little taste of home for you,  and a nice way to say thank you to san juan dell sor for hosting you on this  adventure. We'll do a school yard pick for teams. That means somebody will  not be participating. We'll get started. All right, we've done our school  yard pick. We have our two teams. Yellow, Reed, Alec, jack lip, and Jon. For  blew-- Missy, Natalie, Baylor, and Wes. Keith was not selected, will not  participate in the challenge or the reward. Here we go, for reward, Survivors  ready? Go! Wes in the water and Jon in the water. You gotta swim, climb,  jump, swim some more. Going to be an exhausting challenge. Wes is up first  for blue. He's got a key. Jon it up for yellow. He said got a key. Now you  have to unclip your puzzle pieces and swim them back to the platform. Wes has  the puzzle pieces for blue. Jon has them for yellow. We're very close. You've  got to get the puzzle pieces up on the platform, on your mat, along yourself.  Wes sup. Go, blue!  Come oMissy, come on.  Jeff: Jon is up. Go, yellow! Jaclyn in the water for yellow.  Come oMissy!  Jeff: Missy's up. She's going for a key. Missy has the key. Here's Jaclyn. Jaclyn  has a key. Now your tribemates can help you. They've got a buoy they can toss  out to bring you back. Missy swimming it back. Wes throws the buoy. He's  going to pull her back in. A big help.  Got it!  Jeff: Jon going to pull Jaclyn in. That's how you do it! Get up, Missy! Any,  blue! Baylor in the water for blue!  Baylor!  Jeff: Go, yellow! Reed in the water foriel pope Baylor's up. She's going for  a key. And she's got it. Reed going for a key be, and he's got it. It's a  very tight challenge. Baylor working on her puzzle pieces.  Go! Pull!  Got it!  Jeff: We are neck and neck. Missy and Wes pulling in Baylor. She has her  puzzle pieces. Reed's up first. Go, yellow! Go, blue! Last two in the water,  it is Natalie for blue, Alec for yellow. Who will come up first? It's Alec up  first. Yellow is now in the lead. Natalie right behind. Natalie has the final  key. Alec has the final pieces. There's the buoy. Nice work by the yellow  team. Start working on your lock now. Blue pulling Natalie in. She has the  final puzzle pieces. Start working on your lock. One of your four keys will  open the lock. Once you are the lock, remove the platform.  That's it.  Jeff: Yellow has theirs unlocked. They can start working on the puzzle. Blue  still looking for the right key.  This one.  Calm, calm, calm.  Jeff: Yellow has their first piece. Blue still trying to unlock it?  Is that it?  Jeff: One of the four keys work. Three do not. Panic is not your friend.  Yeah, just calm down.  There you go, that's it, that's it.  Jeff: Yellow with two pieces. Yellow wit their third piece. Blue has to pick  it up. Another no go, giving yellow more time.  Yellow with the fourth piece.  That's got to be it.  Don't panic.  Jeff: Finally blue has it unlocked. Start working on your puzzle pieces.  Yellow with another piece and another.  That's not it!  Jeff: Yellow thinks they have it. Yellow wins reward!  I love you all!  Jeff: All right, big win for Jon, Jaclyn, Reed, and Alec. But the bigger  story seems to be with Natalie, Baylor, Missy, and Wes. Baylor, the minute it  was over, your head was down like you were ready to cry.  My mom hasn't won a reward yet. It's just really-- I think I really wanted us  to win for her the most.  Jeff: All right. Jon, Jaclyn, Reed, and Alec, you're going to have a nice  afternoon.  Jeff? I would like to give this up for Missy because Missy really wants to go  on this reward.  Jeff: Reed, you're going to swap spots with Missy.  It's about doing good for other people, and I feel like this would be good  for Missy.  Jeff: Reed, come over. Missy swap spots.  Have fun!  Thank you! Thank you so much!  And would you eat something?  Yes, I will.  Go eat something.  Hi.  Big move, Reed.  Jeff: Missy, you are not part of the winning team which means you, Jaclyn,  Jon, and Alec will decide who goes to Exile Island. Who are you going to pull  out of this game and send off on their own?  I hate to say it. I know you're not going to like it, but Wes.  Jeff: Wes, here's a map to exile. You will return in time for the next  immunity challenge.  Jeff: All right, Jon, Missy, Jaclyn, Alec, should be a once-in-a-lifetime  experience. Enjoy it. Represent "Survivor" well. Head out. Keith, Baylor,  Natalie, Reed, got nothing for you. Swim on back to shore.  Missy really wants to go on this reward. In the grand scheme of things, I can  suck this up because with them being gone, it will give me a chance to get  the ball rolling in taking out Jon.  Here we go! Here we go! Bats!  So Alec and Jon and Jaclyn, we all four walk in to this baseball field, and  these kids just swarm us. They were, like, it's christmas! Give me my  presents! Give me my stocking! It was just the sweetest thing to see these  kid with their new balls and their new gloves and their new-- I mean, it was  so darling. Look, i'll start crying again. Your hat! There you go! Wait, hold  on. This is so fun for me. I've been a single mom raising two girls for most  of my adult life. I love my kids, and my loyalty to my kids is my number one  prierlt. I’m glad that I have these children to kind of wrap around me, and I  needed that recharge. I feel like the energizer bunny.  Play ball!  What's up, guys? Don't be shy.  Hi! I’m Missy. Hi. Popcorn! Oh, peanuts!  This kid really wants some ice cream, right next to me, to my left.  Oh, my gosh.  I know. Want some? Kids are definitely a huge heartstring for Jaclyn and me.  Yeah! As long as I can remember, i've wanted to actually have a kid. But,  unfortunately, Jaclyn's not able to have children. Jaclyn was born with  m.r.k.h. It's a syndrome that affects one in 4,000 women.  You're beautiful!  Oh!  When Jaclyn told me that she couldn't have kids it was, like, okay, so we can  adopt. So what? I’m not going to leave a woman that I think is, like, one of  the most incredible people i've met just because she's not able to birth a  kid into the world.  Come on, Jon. Show us what you've got. The reward was a lot more important  for me and Jon that I even thought it would be going in. Right here, Jon! Jon  and I have a lot of love to give, and it doesn't matter if it's an adopted  child. Just the love we have to give is crazy. So-- it's going to be okay.  All right, here we go.  Hey, batter, batter, batter, batter.  Sweet!  Go, go, go, go! I got on base, babe. Yeah!  Home, sweet, home.  Yep, back again.  Baylor, myself, and Keith and Natalie got back to camp, and I knew that I needed  to get to Keith and have kind of, like, this, like, heart-to-heart, come to  jesus conversation saying where do you stand in this game?  We could get this going and go get water and you want to check the fish nets.   Me and him?  Yeah.  Sometimes I don't know if Keith quite understands exactly the intraexes of  how this game is played. Here's the deal-- that other alliance is convinced  you and Wes have an idol between the two of you. What they want to do at the  next vote is split the vote between and you Wes. So they will think they have  four votes going on one of you and three votes going to another.  They're including you and Alec?  Yes, but Alec and I are going to vote with you and Wes. What I’m counting on  right now is that the majority alliance will split the vote between Wes and Keith,  but if we stay four strong, we'll be able to take out Jon in one fell swoop.  I’m planning to go big or go home, literally, game right now. And I really  hope it pans out. That's-- what are your thoughts?  Yup, uh--  are you cool with that?  I'm cool with that. That's a good plan if we can play all four and get Jon out,  the ringleader, which I don't care much for to begin with. And I still won't  have to play the idol, hopefully.  As long as we just trust each other for this one vote we can make a huge  change in the game.  Are we going to take all three?  We're not going anywhere we're going to look for the damn idol.  Right now.  Yes, when they're gone.  Are you sure they don't already have it.  No, there's another one. They didn't get the second clue.  I'm, like, ready to go get water. And Natalie is like, "what are you  doing? We're going to look for this idol right now." I was like, "oh,  shoot. Okay, let's go." it of.  It should be right under here.  We thought about the clue, the 10, buried, flag, and of, all the four symbols  that have been in our minds since we have been at exile.  Why is this so bloody complicated. If this one is not found, man, I’m telling  you-- I went back to the flag, and I took larger steps this time. Past the  campfire, and right in the middle of camp. Were these logs here when you guys  came?  Yes.  Good. It's, like, literally the heart of our camp, by the fire. Oh, my God!  Oh, my God.  Shut up!  Shut up!  Oh, my God! We went berserk. We were, like, literally out of our minds. We  pick up the pot and run to the water as fast as we have ever done in our  life. This is so exciting. Oh, my God! It's awesome! This is the idol. So  sick. Finding it was exactly how you think it will feel, you know. Just like  you're so elated, so excited. It's like my little twinnie, just me and my,  you know, friend out here. I think we keep making Jon feel really comfortable  for one more vote.  Yup.  Also Reed is very, very scary. So we have to all be on the Reed plan. We get  rid of one of the boys. So the guys can't take us out one by one. I want Jon out  bad. But we have to get rid of one more boy before Jon because that allows us  to still take out Jon and have majority girls. We get rid of Reed first.  We all vote Reed.  Yes. Baylor has become my number one. Mwe are on the same page as we that we  have to get rid of Reed. Reed is so scary.  I know he is.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! We'll now bring in Wes, returning from Exile Island.  Yes, Wesley! ( applause ).  Did you make it?  Oh, did i.  Jeff: All right, you guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yeah!  Jeff: First things first, Baylor, i'll take the necklace back. Once again, immunity  is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're going to balance your  feet on a very narrow perch while holding a handle above your head. If at any  point you let go of the handle or a foot comes off the perch, you're out. The  last person left standing wins immunity, safe from the vote, guaranteed one  in eight shot at winning this game. Losers, tribal council, where somebody  will be voted out, become the third member of our jury. We'll draw for spots.  We'll get started. All right, everybody looks good. This challenge is on.  Everybody's station has been measured based on your height. So it is equal  and fair for everybody. The only things you have to worry about are keeping  your hands on the handle and your heels on the perch. Jon really tempting fate,  stretching way out.  I ain't feeling it. I was just showing off.  Jeff: Let me see if I can--  a hamburger or donut burger.  Jeff: Tempt you down with a little sugar.  Candy!  Jeff: If you step out, you're out.  Oh, my God, no, please.  Gummy bears.  Jeff: Not interested?  No.  Jeff: Nope?  Oh, you're going to have to do beneficiary that, Jeff?  Jeff: I don't have to do better. I don't care if you come down. You have $1  million on the line. This is up to you guys. Nothing, Hunahpu?  Candy? No. Don't do it, Jeff!  You're so mean.  Jeff: It's textury. It has great sugar.  Go away! You're so mean!  I'm going to do it.  Jeff: You're going to step down?  I'm going to be the first one out, anyway.  Jeff: Jon is out. Sorry I took ray bite.  Oh, my God.  Eat that chocolate!  Jeff: Jon, first out of the challenge for a plate full of sugar.  Oh, my God, Jon, I’m going to kill you, I swear.  Oooohhh! Sugar!  All right, now, shut up.  My favorite candy bar. I couldn't do it.  Jeff: Jon lasted seven minutes.  That's all it's been?  I don't know if he feels that safe or not?  I would have stayed up there if I thought I would be able to last.  Heck, I’m 53. How old are you, Jon?  26.  26? Roger that.  Jeff: We are down to eight. Settle in. We could be here for a while.  Oh this is hard.  Jeff: Immunity on the line. There's no way this doesn't hurt.  Just like jesus on the cross, baby. He can live that long up there, I can do  it.  Jeff: A lot of back stretching. A lot of feet twitching.  Ow!  Jeff: Missy steps down.  Mom!  Missy!  Missy's done?  I'm out.  Jeff: Missy is out of the challenge.  It feels so good down here on the sand.  Mom, shut your mouth.  I'm not talking to you, smarty poo.  I heard it.  Simmer down.  I'm dying.  If two people step down, Jeff, do they gotta share it?  Jeff: Wow, Wes, it's amazing what you just said because I brought enough for  two.  I'm down!  Jeff: Wow, Baylor doesn't hesitate. Jaclyn's out.  Damn!  Chocolate chip cookies!  Jeff: Baylor, Jaclyn just gave up a shot at a million dollars for five  chocolate chip cookies, and two glasses of milk.  Damn wasp.  Jeff: Let me see if I can tempt a few more people down. So we have this  necklace--  don't show me steak.  Jeff: Is that worth more than this?  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Wes says yes.  Yeah!  Jeff: Wes is out. Wes has a plate full of chicken wings, two cold beers.  That's crazy!  Jeff: No shot at immunity.  Crazy!  Jeff: We are down to four. Natalie, Keith, Alec, and Reed.  Nat, there's your team sitting right over there.  Jeff: So, Keith, you're saying Natalie is the only one of her group still up  there?  Yeah, it shows me Natalie is fighting for her team and the other three of us  are fighting for our lives.  Jeff: So then what is it about your son that made him drop?  Yeah, Wes-- I don't know, maybe a food weakness. I'll have a little  father-son with him after we get through with it.  I ate 58 chicken nuggets in five minutes and won an eating contest once.  What-what?  Jeff: You ate how many what and one what?  58 chicken nuggets in five minutes.  Jeff: And you won the--  eating nugget competition.  Jeff: Is that an annual event?  I never heard of it.  I couldn't pass that up, man.  Jeff: I think we mike here even a while longer.  Jeff: Keith's feet look numb. They're purple.  Your feet are looking purple,"dad?  Are they?  Aaahhh!  Jeff: Alec really squirming around a lot. Keith struggling to find some spot  that doesn't hurt.  I'm shaking.  Jeff: His whole body is moving, and Keith has had enough. Wisely, gently  steps down.  That's amazing.  Jeff: Another person vulnerable. We are down to three-- Natalie, Alec, and  Reed.  Jeff: Alec is out of the challenge. No shot at immunity for Alec. We are now  down to two-- Natalie and Reed. Fighting for immunity on day 26.  Jeff: That was unfortunate.  I can't spit.  What about the episode of "two and a half men" when you were naked  cooking pancakes or something.  Jeff: Cooking bacon.  Bacon.  Jeff: That was fun.  That was awesome, dude. I love that show.  Is any more food coming out or no?  Jeff: You're telling me after three hours of battling for immunity, now you  would take some food and step down?  He doesn't look like he's going to come down. If I’m going to come down, it's  going to be for some food, not for anything else.  Jeff: Wow.  All right, pita? Some wings. One cookie, I’m good. And and just a glass of  water, some ice water.  Jeff: All right.  Oh, my God. You're hilarious.  Jeff: So here's the pizza, chicken wings, cookie, water, beer. And here's the  necklace. Just because you asked for it doesn't mean you have to take it. It  is still your decision.  Oh, geez!  Yeah, seriously. If I’m going to fall out after three hours I might as well  eat something, you know.  Jeff: Up to you, Natalie. Natalie steps out and immediately crumbles.  Am I set?  Jeff: Reed wins individual immunity! ( applause )  good job, guys.  Jeff: Neither player can move. Natalie can taste the food. She just can't get  to it. Reed's about to get a necklace if he can stand up. What an ending to a  long endurance challenge.  Yes!  Jeff: That is how you do it.  Do you see this fool?  "do you see this fool?"  when I started closing my eyes and seeing stars and I felt like I was going  to throw up I knew I was going to go out so I figured I might as well get  some sustenance in my body and I’m going to lose.  Jeff!  Jeff: Reed.  It's a dream come true.  Jeff: Individual immunity, cannot be voted out of this game. After 26 days,  one you go home tonight. You'll become the third member of the jury-- it  won't be you. Congratulations. Get up when you can. ( applause ).  Good job.  Good job, Reed.  At least I’m not going home tonight because I will not be giving up this  immunity necklace. And hopefully I can rally people around to vote Jon tonight,  and I am, like, eewww!  Natalie, Reed, whatever.  Reed, how much more did you have in you, really?  A while.  A while.  Jon stepped down seven minute into the challenge today. It's always very  telling when people step down, when they feel like they don't have to try,  and who ends up stepping down first. So I was like, fine. That means he's  going home tonight.  Jon?  Yes.  Basically, how this works is I’m going to try to make the majority alliance  have four people vote for Keith and then to have three more people vote for  Wes. That's what everyone thinks is going to happen. But basically, myself,  Wes, Alec and Keith vote four strong, and we would be sending Jon home  tonight. It's an amazing plan, but it has to be stuck to.  Just make sure you vote for Jon tonight.  Think it will work?  Yeah, just make sure you vote for Jon. And I’m gonna say I want you and Baylor  and Missy and nat to vote for Keith. But we're really voting for Jon.  I know.  Are you down?  I'm down. We can make this happen. We can turn this game.  I'm down.  Why don't you and her and him and nat vote for Keith? And then Jon, jac, and  I will cowest.  Do you feel comfortable with that?  Uh-huh.  Cool.  The opposing alliance think Reed and I are going to vote with them tonight  against Wes and Keith, but what we are going to do is we're going to blinded  side Jon tonight.  Let me just tell you what just happened.  Yeah, he just came up to me and said are we still doing the split. We need to  split the Keith and Wesley thing. I know. Listen, if we don't do this now,  Wes or Keith is going to scoot on up with an idol. One of them has it.  Reed is not going to vote with us tonight.  Alec and Reed are still, you know, really trying to be in with us. They're  not going to be in with Keith and Wesley. I will bet you he will vote with us  tonight.  How we doing, dude?  We were just talking about the split.  You really down?  Yeah, I’m down. I’m down.  We've got it.  He's voting Keith.  You're 100%.  I'm 100% down, yeah.  This is it.  This is, like, where we build trust right now.  Yeah, I gotta. Let's do it.  Tonight's tribal is the first tribal that I am not really calling the shots.  So it is the first time that I am at the mercy of my alliance. I’m saving the  idol for either Jaclyn or me. Whoever makes it farthest. I feel like it would  be selfish to tiewz on myself right now. The only thing that gives me a  little hope going into tonight is the reassurance I had talking with Alec,  and that is why I believe that tonight will go as planned. This tribal is  definitely the most important trieblg so far.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Josh and Jeremy, voted out  at the last tribal council. So, Jaclyn, the last two tribal councils, two  people who had a shot at winning this game have been blindsided. Where's your  head now?  I mean, I don't know. I think I’m in the five strong right now, but who  knows?  Jeff: Baylor, the tricky thing is you can't help but think, okay, I know I trust  these people but so did Josh and so did Jeremy.  Yeah, trust is really difficult in this game because somebody says I 100% am  with you doesn't mean that they are ever.  Jeff: Keith, with all this talk about trust, not a single idol has been  played yet this season.  Somebody feels comfortable. That's all I can figure out. I don't know.  Jeff: Natalie, it's tricky because you're rolling the dice. You're thinking  i'll use this next tribal or the one after, but you can't get to the end if  you don't survive every single tribal.  Yeah, and if I ever have an idol, it will feel like a tblessing and a curse  all in one because you have this pressure to use it at the perfect time. And  it is all about timing in this game.  Jeff: Reed, Natalie said an idol can be a blessing or a curse because you  don't want it to be a souvenir.  Sure. And looking at the challenge, you had five people that did step down that  clearly felt very comfortable. But it was interesting when Wes stepped down  because he wasn't necessarily in that group of people. So it makes you wonder  then do Wes and Keith have an idol? Are they sharing it, or what really is  happening here?  Jeff: Keith, it doesn't get request more direct than that.  It doesn't. You're exactly right. So hue easy that was. And then all of a  sudden, it's bam! Idols are everywhere. Idols are everywhere. I say stick to  the plan. You know, at this point, that's all I can say.  Jeff: Wow, Jon, stick to the plan.  This is the most confusing thing. You think you have a plan. Maybe some  people are in on it, maybe some people aren't. It's a bombshell.  Just keep the same. We'll go with you guys.  Jeff: Wow.  No? Okay.  What?  Jeff: Missy, this is fantastic to watch but not what you want if you are one  of the nine players here.  No, you don't want this at all. This is, like, complete chaos. And it's like  popcorn. Look what's happening. 'M talkin talking and they're popping.  Baylor, what does your gut do right now because you have so many stories  going everywhere, you don't know what's real and what isn't.  Yeah, you know, when you're at, like, a fair and you're looking in those  distorted mirrors, okay, well, I feel like all three of them are jumbled up  and I’m really fat, really skinny and like this right now. And I think  everybody miefl like that.  Jeff: That's a good analogy.  It is.  Jeff: Pretty good.  I don't know what's going to happen I think until the moment I get to the voting  tonight is when my gut will tell me what to do because the conversations that  are being had, that's never happened before, and I feel like we may have not  as been as close or organized as we thought.  Jeff: All right, it is time to vote.  We're still doing this.  Yes.  Jeff: Reed, you'r you're up. He's still talking.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes.  Dude, play your idol.  What.  Play your idol.  Really?  Are you sure?  Up to you.  Jeff: If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now  would be the time to do so.  Jeff. I'd rather play this than go home with it in my pocket.  Yeah, pull it out.  Jeff: Thank you. This is a hidden immunity idol. Any vote cast for Jon will  not count.  Here you go.  You want to play it, you play it.  You got it.  Haven't even opened it.  Jeff: How do you know it's real?  Ah, just taking a chance.  Jeff: This, too, is a hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast for Keith will not  count. I'll read the votes. First vote, Jon. Does not count. Jon. Does not  count. Jon. Does not count. Keith. Does not count. Keith, does not count. Jon,  does not count.  I'm so glad I played that.  Keith, nobody with any votes. Wes. That's one vote Wes, one vote left. Ninth  person voted out and the third member of our jury. Wes, you need to bring me  your torch.  Sly dog you.  Good job.  Jeff: Wes, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  Damn, damn, damn.  Jeff: Well, it's quite clear that you guys truly are playing this game in the  moment. It's aggressive, and it's risky. And now that you've started, you can  never go back. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night.  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on a Survivor tensions are high.  Baylor, you're a brat.  Shut your mouth for a second and listen.  One fight will change the game for good.  Don't touch me.  We have tribal council tonight and she won't talk to me. Not a good time to  do that.  Screw him.  I hope my dad gets far and I hope he gets to the final three and wins a  million bucks. This is the experience of a lifetime and I i am glad I got to  experience it with him. Those wings were not worth $1 million. I do regret  that decision stepping off but, you know, you have to wing it sometimes and  take risks and you have to risk it to get the biscuit.