<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor"... Eighth person voted out and the  second member of our jury, Jeremy. After Jon blind sided Jeremy and revealed  he found the immunity idol, Natalie and Baylor wanted him out.  I say Jon, but don't tell anyone.  Jeff: By after Jon won immunity -- Jon wins individual immunity -- the  majority alliance decide to take out Keith.  We have the numbers. We should vote Keith and he's going home as long as he  doesn't have an idol.  Jeff: But Natalie had a different idea. And at tribal council, Natalie  secretly switched her vote to ruin Jon's plan.  Keith, but I’m voting for you.  Jeff: 11th person voted out, Alec. Alec, the tribe has spoken. Six are left.  Who will be voted out tonight?  I'm cold.  Me, you and --  just the way tribal went, I knew I had to pretend to mess up and accidentally  vote owl Alec instead of Keith, and act my ass off to convince them it was a  mistake.  He came up to me. I didn't talk to him.  It was a risk I was willing to take because I didn't want Jon to have more  power and control in this game right now than he needs. I think I sold it to  them properly, but it's going to be scary, but Jon is on my hit list. He's  been on my hit list since he sent Jeremy home, so it's been a long time  coming. I need to make some moves soon.  Nobody talked to me. Nobody checked in with me.  It's hilarious watching Natalie be an actress toward Jon and Jaclyn tonight.  If they were smart, they would know Natalie knew exactly what she was doing.  It's fine.  Tribal was a debacle. I guess we didn't talk enough going into it, and Natalie  didn't fully understand who she was voting for. It's unfortunate that it  happened here, because Keith really is a threat in immunity challenges.  That's a big, big deal. That potentially could screw up a lot of plans.  How did the votes work?  I was supposed to vote for you and I voted for Alec.  Have you about had it with Alec?  Yes because Alec was obsessed with Jon for no reason.  Man, it seems like I just keep squeaking by, squeaking by, squeaking by.  They all know that it was me, so me, you, Missy and Baylor, we have to be  tight.  Maybe now 30 days into this I have somebody. I have nat. What could happen  after that, who knows.  I feel like you should be in the game longer than Alec.  Don't pay those two anymore.  You mean miss prom queen or miss homecoming queen?  It's unpredictable, but I told Keith he was basically here because of me. I told  him that me and bay already at the end of the day had his back. Hopefully  that will resonate with him and he will be a perfect person to use in our  plan against Jon.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. You guys ready to get to today's reward challenge?  Yeah.  Jeff: For today's challenge, you'll be divided into two teams and belted  together. On my go, you'll race through a tunnel of hay. You'll then make you  way over and under a series of hitching posts. You'll then grab a bucket,  fill with it water and make you way over a giant teeter totter. You'll then  pour that water into a larger bucket. When that bucket fills, it will lower a  gate. You'll then race to solve a plank puzzle. First team to get it right  wins reward. Want to know what you're playing for?  Yes.  Jeff: Winning team will enjoy a "Survivor"-style spa.  Oh.  Jeff: You'll start with a hot shower. After 33 days, Keith...  Yeah, we need it.  Jeff: You need it. You'll then enjoy a nice massage, and then you'll eat spa  food, seared steak, cookies.  Steak and brownies. That's what I want.  Jeff: Great day of rejuvenation to get you through these last six days. We'll  draw for teams. Let's get started. All right. We have our two teams. For  blue, it is Keith, Missy and Jon. For yellow it is Natalie, Baylor and Jaclyn.  Here we go, for reward, Survivors ready? Go! First obstacle is through that  hay. You can go over, under, around, just get through it. Natalie, Baylor, Jaclyn  through the hay first. Jon, Missy and Keith are now through the hay.  Over.  Jeff: Got to go over and then under. You're all tethered together. It's very  hard to move. Missy takes a hard fall. And another fall by Missy. Yellow is  now through it. Start untying that bucket. Keith, Missy and Jon finally  through. They start working on their bucket. Once you have the bucket, you're  filling it with water and heading over the teeter totter. Natalie, Baylor, Jaclyn,  they have their bucket. Fill it with water. Over the teeter totter they go.  Come on.  Go.  Jeff: Big fall. Jon, Missy, Keith, they've got their bucket. The goal is to  add enough water to drop your bucket, opening the gate. Missy comes down hard  on that. Missy moving slowly. Nothing easy about going over this teeter  totter tied to two other people carrying a bucket of water.  You okay?  Come on, jac.  Jeff: Another big fall by Jaclyn. Jon, Keith and Missy moving very slowly  now. The trick is keeping your balance while holding the water. Jon, Missy, Keith  coming back. We're very tight right now. Will this be enough water? You got  to raise that bag. That will do it. Head across.  Boom, boom, boom. Boom, boom, boom.  Jeff: Missy hobbleing. Jon, Missy, Keith spill a lot of their water. Will  this be enough? No, they've got to go back. Yellow is already working on the  puzzle. Blue needs to move. Keith and Jon helping Missy through this course.  Jon, Missy, Keith hoping this is enough water. Yes, that's enough. Get  across.  Side by side.  Jeff: Can blue pick it up?  One, two. One, two.  That's an r right there.  Where's a?  Jeff: Everybody working on the puzzle. Big reward on the line. Get clean, get  fed. Blue has a lot of time to make up. It will come down to the puzzle. Who  works together the best?  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  That's right.  No, that's not right. Look.  Jeff: The girls arguing, slowing down now.  This is a w, guys.  Jeff: Keith, Missy and Jon working together very well, starting to pick up  the pace.  This goes here. This goes here.  Hole on, guys. I got it here. Give me that.  Jeff: The girls now picking up the pace.  Missy.  Jeff: Jon, Missy, Keith think they have something going now. Girls getting  closer. Are they right? Blue now going to move everything over.  This is connected right here.  I got the water.  Jeff: Both teams are moving a lot of pieces quickly. Both think they have it.  Put your pieces over there.  Jeff: The girls are picking up the pace. They think they have it. We're neck  and neck.  Got it! Got it! Keith, Missy, Jon win reward!  You all right?  It's just swollen. No big deal.  Jeff: You all right, Missy?  I'm good, I’m good, I’m good, I’m good. It's no big deal.  Jeff: Keith, Missy, Jon, nice reward. Missy, a spa day back home is a good  day.  Yes.  Jeff: But out here on "Survivor," where does that rank 33 days in?  This is like game changer. I could last 16 more days.  A spa day for her is going to completely rejuvenate her. She's going to feel  as young as she looks.  Jon, you're annoying right now.  Jeff: Jaclyn, do you kind of feel like you deserve it?  Natalie, you know the way. You will return in time for the next immunity  challenge.  Love you, nat.  Jeff: Missy, Baylor, Keith, grab your stuff, head out.  This not walk on your ankle.  Get on my back.  Jeff: Missy, you'll let me know if medical needs to look at that.  Enjoy that massage, Keith.  Look how this works out.  I get to give her, her own personal spa day. Jon, Jaclyn, got nothing for  you. But you've got each other.  Traded places with Baylor was an easy decision for me. It just opened up a  window for me to do a good deed for one of my alliance members to solidify  our alliance and it may have even strengthened my case in the jury.  Hi. [speaking spanish]  oh, thank you.  Pineapple.  Mmm.  I've never been to a spa.  This is good.  Oh, man.  Keith, give me some of that. We won that, baby.  Thank you, Jon. That was the nicest thing ever. My mom, Keith and Jon won the  reward. Before I knew it, Jon was like, I’m switching with Baylor. I was  like, what?  Take a peek at my ankle and tell me what you think.  That was super nice of him to do that, but getting Jon out is me and Natalie's  number-one priority.  Oh, I can tell from here.  Ouch.  I don't want to do it then.  At the reward challenge, I was trying so hard not to show any signs of pain  in my ankle, but I could just feel it swelling up.  What do you think? Sprained?  I don't know, sprained or strained. Can you pull against me?  That hurts real bad.  That ain't good.  I'm in a lot of pain. I don't know exactly how this next couple days is going  to go down at challenges. I’m going to do the best I can. I’m going the crawl  if I have to, but I’m going to finish.  We're not going to ruin our afternoon.  What is this?  I don't know what it is.  I see some goobers on the end.  Oh, nuts.  Oh, yeah. Slow down now, Baylor. Don't fill up on that rabbit food.  He's going to die when he sees you're at a spa.  It's a girl thing, but as long as this food is here, it's a guy thing.  Yep.  I've never had a spa day or spa food. Turned out not too bad. That looks like  a piece of bacon.  It's not so bad.  No. I ate about as much as I could, and then I went off the shower. It  knocked the funk off me. 30-something days I haven't bathed. Then I was off  to the massage. She hit the right spot, oh, like right there. Oh, oh my  goodness. That's my boney rib cage. Oh.  Keith at a spa was pretty dang funny.  I can't breathe.  I hadn't seen that side of Keith before.  I don't get to that many of these in louisiana.  I had realization. He's kind of cool.  Do you feel the knots in your shoulder?  I think so. It may be my bones. Don't tell nobody. I don't want the guys at  the fire station to know I’m going to a masseuse. You're going to have to  roll me off this baby. Map, i've been rejuvenated. I have four, five, six  days left. I can take this on out no problem now. Good grief.  I think actually it worked out the best it possibly could have.  Being at camp alone, it's nice to just be the two of us.  You know, matt felt really bad about the boat.  I told her, Keith.  I know you did. That was a great thing to bring up. That's something i'll definitely  bring up in the jury, 100%. If you're going to split votes, know who you're  voting for.  Natalie made a big mistake, voting for the wrong person, and now you kept in Keith,  one of the biggest threats. Can't have that happen. Especially when you're  fighting for $1 million.  But then in the become of my head, I’m like, maybe her and Keith had  something going on. She's really, really threatened by us two pairs.  So it's two versus four, it wouldn't make any sense?  Well, maybe she wants a good pair. Maybe she trusts Keith more than Alec.  Maybe she did it on purpose and lied about it. Keith is freakishly good at  these challenges. So if Keith keeps winning immunity, then I think that  everybody will get even more mad at Natalie for screwing up that vote. Then  we'll have to break up the five sooner than we thought.  I volunteered to go to exile, but at this point in the game, when your body  is already so drained and it's so close to the end you can almost taste it  but you're not there yet, it's been really depressing me out here. It's been  really a roller coaster of emotion for me because this is the longest i've  gone without seeing or talking to my sister. I've been together for 28 years.  I've never let anybody see how much I miss her. And I kind of always just  pretend like I’m fine, but Nadiya's been gone for like 30 days now, and I have  been doing this without her, but I’m just trying to make it into something  where I can use it as motivation instead of just bringing me down. Time to,  you know, buck up and make every decision moving forward count. I have one  shot to prove to myself that I left everything on the table. Make these last  four days fully worth it.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Clearly we have something to talk about. Let's get Natalie  in here, returning from Exile Island.  Hey, girl.  Yeah.  Jeff: Natalie, what did they just hand you?  Some rice, and I’m happy that they brought it for me. It was probably one of  the hardest things I ever had to do. I cried probably 50% of the day. It was  exhausting emotionally and physically to me.  Jeff: Missy, last I saw you, Baylor was carrying you out on your back.  Clearly the ankle has gotten worse.  Unfortunately it's getting worse. But I’m not going to quit. There's no way.  I just don't know what I’m going to do about this, but I’m going to try the  stand on one foot. I don't know what to do.  Jeff: I think we should have medical look at it before the challenge.  Okay.  Jeff: Because I don't have a lot of faith you're going to be able to do this  given that you're on a crutch right now. So we're going to bring medical in.  All right.  Jeff: All right. Medical. Why don't we sit you right here.  Okay.  Hi, Missy. So if we start by getting both shoes off so I can compare your  good ankle with your bad ankle.  All right. I can't really...  It's huge.  So both the pain and the swelling is getting worse for you?  Uh-huh.  I just want to examine you. I want to know which area is sore. If I’m causing  you pain, make sure you tell me. So far so good?  It's just tender. It's sore. Oh, right there. Right there! Right there.  Okay.  I hate that.  Okay, and try like your foot is on the accelerator of a car.  Yeah, there's no way.  Nothing there.  So give then examination, my concern is that at the very least we have a very  significant sprain.  I just don't want it to be broken.  Jeff: Are you concerned it could be broken?  After two days, when things are getting worse, I have to consider a fracture,  yes.  Jeff: Okay. The only way to know for sure that this is broken is to do an  x-ray, and to do an x-ray, i'd have to pull Missy from the game. [sobbing]  it's so frustrating.  Jeff: All right. So, ben, is this severe enough that you as a doctor would  say she needs to be pulled from the game?  Of course, there's only a few days left in the game. We can immobilize the  limb, which mean no further damage will occurs, so, no, I don't think she  needs to be pulled from the game. Jeff Jeff clearly she's in pain. It's not  life-threatening. So as far as you're concerned, it's her call what she does  in  yes.  Jeff:, how are you feeling knowing been said you may have a break?  I'm staying in this game. I’m not quitting.  Jeff: What do you want to do for this moment?  I want you to immobilize it, the smartest thing to do. And I’m just going to  root on my tribe.  Jeff: You're going to sit this challenge out. Then you take each day as it  comes.  Yes.  Jeff: All right. So you can stay here with ben, and we'll get back to our  challenge. Baylor, what's that like for you? Mom is clearly in a ton of pain.   Well, I mean, my mom's a fighter. That sounds really simple, but it's not. In  our life she never gives up, and so we're going to keep fighting and i'll  carry her to the finish line if I have to.  Jeff: All right. So Missy will sit this one out. So shall we get to today's  immunity challenge? Jon, first things first, take back the necklace. Once  again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're going to  hold on to two handles with your hands while your feet will be balancing on a  teeter totter. Attach to the teeter totter is a vase. The longer this  challenge goes, the more difficult it will be to balance that vase. When the  vase drops, you're out. Last person left standing wins immunity, guaranteed a  one in five shot at winning this game. Losers, tribal council where somebody  will be the sixth person in the jury, and as luck would have it, the wind  gusts are big. This challenge could go a long time, or it could be over very  quickly, which means every second that you stay up there will count. We'll  draw for spots and we'll get started. All right. Everybody is in place and  this challenge is on. Everybody very steady out of the gate. It won't be that  way for long. And just like that, Baylor with movement. Keith with a little  bit of a wobble and a nice recovery. Missy, you can see you had no chance.  No way, no chance.  Jeff: 35 days. Win this challenge you are in the final five. That much closer  to the million bucks. You cannot lose your concentration. There's very little  forgiveness in this challenge. As you would expect on day 35 in "Survivor."  Jaclyn wobbling. Jaclyn can't recover. Jaclyn the first person out of this  challenge.  It's all right, baby.  Jeff: She'll join Missy on the bench. That's how quickly it goes. Take tiny  adjustments all the time. Especially as your feet become numb and you don't  know what they're doing anymore. Keith wobbling again. Bay already's vase is  also moving. Baylor cannot recover. Baylor is out of the challenge. We're now  down to three, and here comes a huge gust of wind. It is Keith, Natalie and  Jon. Nice job by all three battling that wind. Your feet are numb. The wind  is blowing. Who can hang this there the longest? Who wants this the most?  Here comes the wind again. Brace yourself. Big wind. The wind is too much for  Keith. We're down to two. It is Natalie and Jon fighting for immunity on day  35, and it guarantees a spot in the final five. You do not want to risk being  voted out tonight at tribal council. This is it. You got to win it right  here. Wind up again. Making an already difficult challenge even more  difficult to navigate. Out of nowhere, mother nature is saying hello. And  just like that Jon drops. Natalie wins individual immunity, guaranteed a spot  in the final five.  That was quick.  I didn't even move it.  Good job.  Good job, nat.  Jeff: Natalie, come on over.  It makes exile so worth it.  Jeff: After 35 days, you go to tribal council tonight. You cannot be voted  out of this game. As for the other five of you, somebody is going home  tonight. You will become the sixth member of our jury. Grab your stuff, head  back the camp, see you tonight at tribal.  Nice job, nat.  Keith is an incredible threat. So Natalie winning today does kind of make up  for her messing up the last vote. So the plan is to do what we tried to do  last tribal and get Keith out.  Thank you, Keith. You're a lifesaver.  The fact Missy had to sit out today I’m sure was excruciating for her and  probably just as bad as the pain she was feeling. How you feeling, miss?  I don't know yet.  How the challenge ended up was very frustrating.  That was crazy.  Dang wind.  But i've got a plan. I have to accept it however things fall. It's going to  be best.  We should keep an eye on Keith.  He knows what's up.  Who does he think that we're voting for?  He knows.  Jon and Jaclyn think we're all voting out Keith and Keith is going home, but  my plan is to basically get out Jon.  So we're voting Keith tonight, right?  But Jon has an idol, so I know it's not going to be easy. My ultimate plan is  to split the vote and blindside Jon tonight. Tonight just vote Jon. I'll tell  you. The plan is to split votes. If Jon plays his idol, we vote out Jaclyn.  Getting out Jon would be a dream come true.  It's tribal tonight. If all goes as planned, mr. All-american or miss u.s.a.  Is going home. And i'll be sitting here with five.  That's the plan. We're pretending like we're all voting for you, so at tribal  don't act crazy, but just act depressed that you're going home.  I think I can trust this bunch. If I can't, I’m a goner.  I was a little worried about you not winning. I’m like, what if they all  blindside Jon.  I'm not worried about that. I think if they were going for Keith last time,  they're going to go for Keith again.  Keith was supposed to go home last time, so it's like, okay, let's just get  it over with, but I feel like your mind causes all this paranoia. Could I go  home tonight? Could Jon go home tonight? You never know 100%, but at least  Jon still has his idol.  I know I’m being paranoid, but I think they're going to blindside Jon.  I don't think that.  Okay.  Jon is super big on visualizing the wind, and it's always worked out for him,  so hopefully it does this time, too.  We vote, two, two, two.  Yes.  You and Keith vote Jon, my mom and me vote Jaclyn, and them two, John and Jaclyn  vet Keith. If he plays the idol, we vote Jaclyn out. I need my mom to get on  board, but my mom treats Jon like her son that she never had, so I’m worried  about whether or not she'll write his name down. It just really depends on my  mom.  Natalie and I think we should vote Jon.  Baylor, I can't do that.  Why?  I've given him my word to the end and I will get no votes.  But challenge-wise, you're never going to win.  It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter.  My, but going with Natalie and Keith and me, that's a lot better chance.  Baylor, I have a deal with Jon, I’m not breaking that deal.  It's very frustrating to get my mom to wake up, get with the program, let's  make a move.  I'm not going to break that loyalty.  Okay. Well, I don't have a deal with Jon.  Yes, you do.  New york I don't. I have nothing with Jon. Mom, he's a huge threat, and he  does have an idol.  I know that.  So why don't we get him out with his idol, good-bye.  Because I can't break that.  In my mom's life, three marriage, three divorces, she is putting the men  first before herself. That's her down side I think, and that's what I feel  like is happening in this game right now with Jon.  I don't think I can trust Jon in any vote. I know you trust him, but I don't.  I say we vote out Jon tonight.  Tonight that's not happening.  It's totally like, mom, hey, I’m your first born. You don't even know this  guy. Let's play the game together. I just hope she's going to see it before  it's too late.  When my child says to me, mom, our goal was to go to the end together, i've  had the start to listen, and, you know, has it crossed my mind that this Jon-Jaclyn  show may need to come to an end, absolutely, but it's important for me to  feel like I played this game truthfully. I wasn't some sly dog that came in,  shook people's hands and lied in their faces. I haven't. I pride myself on  that. That's why tonight this is the first time I’m having a tough time with  it.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Josh, Jeremy, Wes, Reed, an  an Alec voted out at the last tribal council. So, Keith...  Yes, sir. I've been trying...  Jeff: Wait. I didn't even say anything.  Come on. Give it to me.  Jeff: No, give it to me.  Well, i've been trying the pierce this five, and they're solid, but I’m not  invisible. I've got a vote. Use it. I think it would be a big move, and I think  they would think it would be a big move. And big moves means your playing the  game and playing the game gets you votes.  Jeff: So what do you do when you're the one on to outside? It might not have  anything to do with you.  Trust me, I’m trustworthy.  Jeff: You're a fireman. Who is more trustworthy than a fireman.  It's not a matter of not feeling like we can trust Keith. It's that we've  built this trust with our group of five. I don't want to let this group of  five down. I would be hypocritical if I peko to trust them if they can't  trust me.  Jeff: Jaclyn, is there any argument that Keith can make that could make  sense?  Yeah, I mean, it's natural for people to think about different scenarios, but  all I can say, though, is that I feel strong in the five. So I don't think  Jon andry going anywhere.  Jeff: Natalie. You're on the outside of this five in that you don't have a  loved one in the game. Which at a certain point would make you very Valuable.   Yeah, blood is really, really thick. It's harder to penetrate it and say,  come on, let's do something. I have been gone for two days at exile. Anything  can happen in two days, and so thank God I won immunity.  Jeff: Jon, how much time do you spend thinking about that final speech where  you make the argument that sticking together five strong is a big move?  Um, I think about that final speech quite a bit. You know, sticking together  as five is not as easy as one would think. Having the loyalty and having the  trust and building that trust throughout the game is probably one of the most  rare things you can find in "Survivor."  Jeff: So Missy, as Jon said, if you want trust, you have to give trust, but  the umbrella over all that trust is outwith it, outplay, out last. If you  wanted to make a big move, this would be a great night to do it.  Yeah, it's a little hard for me right this second because with a broken foot,  you know, I don't even know where to begin on this day. You know, when  somebody says use me I’m a vote, could that be somebody that could come along  and potentially break up the allianz? Sure. That scenario could be a big  move, but I’m pretty loyal to a fault in life. That's my life, so i've been  loyal to the people i've been loyal to from the very beginning, and I don't  waiver.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Jaclyn, you're up. I'll go tally the  votes. If anybody has a hidden impunity idol and you want the play it, now  would be the time to do so. Okay, once the votes are read, the decision is  final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area  immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Keith. Jaclyn. Keith. Jaclyn.  That's two votes Keith, two votes Jaclyn. Jon. That's two votes Keith, two  votes Jaclyn, one vote Jon. One vote left. Jon. We have a three-way tie. Keith,  Jon and Jaclyn each have two votes. We're going to revote. Jaclyn, Jon, Keith,  you will not vote. Baylor, Missy, Natalie, you can only vote for one of those  three. Baylor, you're up. Will you come grab the urn. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal councillary immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Jon. The next  person voted out and the sixth member of our jury, Jon. That's two. That's  enough. You need to bring me your torch.  See you on the other side.  No hard feelings, guys.  Oh, yeah, torch.  Jeff: Jon, the tribe has spoken.  See you guys. Good luck.  Bye.  Jeff: "Survivor" is a tricky game. It can lull you into believing  things that aren't real. Like trust. And before you know it, you've forgotten  the basic premise -- outwith it, outplay, outlast. This game is wide open.  Grab your torches. Head back the camp. Good night. Stay tuned for scenes from  our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on the two-hour season finale of "Survivor" --  is it really fair because I can't do anything. Jeff larson it all comes to an  end.  I didn't come 36 days to get voted out.  Don't say Jon because you don't.  I know Jon.  In the game, not real life.  Jeff: Join us for the finale  i thought I was doing a good job putting my trust in the right people, but it  ended up biting me in the butt. Missy and Natalie did a good job gaining my  trust. Honestly, didn't feel this one coming. I definitely regret not playing  my idol. Jaclyn, I hope you make it to the final three. Kick butt, I know you  can do it, babe. You know you got my vote.