<br/>I actually learned about myself  out here. The fact that I was able to navigate without Nadiya--  let's go, let's go.  Makes me really proud. I’m smarter than I look sometimes. I did it all by  myself. I deserve this million dollars but just because I deserve it doesn't  mean it's going to come to me on a silver platter.  Jeff: Natalie wins reward.  I can't leave anything up to fate.  Jeff: Natalie wins individual immunity.  I'm playing this for jac. I need everybody to see why I deserve to be the  sole Survivor. ( cheers and applause ).  Jeff: All right, it is the reunion part of the show. We have a winner, Natalie.  Congratulations.  Thanks. ( cheers and applause )  Jeff: A lot of support. And i-- you know, something i've been curious about  probably 15 days in and it was asked a lot on twitter when I was soliciting  questions, e.p. Roache said it, does Natalie think you did better because  your sister was voted out so early? Did that give you some sort of  inspiration?  I think my game was definitely better playing without Nadiya. That doesn't  mean it was easier for me, but I think the push to do something for Nadiya  and, you know, make her proud and say you know what? You guys are going to  vote her out first, I’m literally going to be the last one standing. Maybe it  was a good decision to get one of us out. ( cheers and applause )  Jeff: The audience reaction here in the studio when you played the idol for Jaclyn  and not yourself was huge. One of the biggest moves of the game. But that is  a giant risk to give up an idol to make this one big power move. What do you  remember about that moment?  I remember walking into tribal and knowing I had this decision, but I remember  when you said if anybody's got an idol, play it now, I blacked out. And I just--  I literally don't remember what I said. I don't remember even asking Jaclyn,  "did you vote for who I told you to vote for?" I just remember  going and saying, "i gotta do this." and the next thing I knew Baylor  was getting voted out. I literally blacked out when I did that. I’m not even  joking.  Jeff: So despite how big a move that was, my opinion, the biggest move of the  game was convincing Jaclyn to get rid of Keith and not you. Is that-- do you  agree with that?  I mean, I wouldn't-- I wouldn't have sat in that final three nils convinced Jaclyn  that Keith was the bigger threat. And I think having Missy and Keith canw me in  the final four allowed me to targetue know, put the target on themselves,  tell Keith it was Missy, tell Missy it was Keith, and the target is off me.  Jeff: Jaclyn, you're not privy to what other people are saying and doing.  Right.  Jeff: When you're now at home watching this and you see what's happening, do  you regret that move?  Man, she played me. And during the game I had no idea she had an idol for  one. And for two, I mean, I literally thought Keith would have all the jury  votes. I came from Coyopa, where he was strong with all the guys. I was like  he is the biggest threat if I am in the final three with him. Do it. If I had  known different I would have voted Natalie, but I had no idea.  Jeff: Let's say you vote differently. I love doing this game. So Natalie is  now in the jury and Keith, you're not in the jury. So just show of hands for  the people that are now on the jury, including you, Natalie, so it's Keith, Missy,  and Jaclyn in the final, how many votes does Keith get? So that's four.  That's-- Josh-- how many does Jaclyn get? One. How many does Missy get? We're  missing's vote. So four. So Keith, you win it. That wasn't nearly as  dramatic-- ( applause ) as I had hoped. So, Keith, that close.  That close.  Jeff: That close. One conversation that you sway Jaclyn. After all that you  fight out there for, even now you do seem a little teary.  Man, it gets to me. I told somebody I don't know if it's fourth or 18th, I tonight  know what-- anywhere in between. I just, you know, over the hump, get over  the hump.  Jeff: So meaning if you don't get to the end, it doesn't matter?  Yeah, I couldn't-- yeah. I loved playing. It got to the point where, like at  number 10, you say i've done pretty good. I’m 50-something years old. If they  vote me out tonight I’m good with it. But they don't and you say, yeah!  Another week. And you say nine, and the same thing, and when it gets to four  you're really saying hey, I’m in this-- you know.  Jeff: I love how open are you with your emotions. You cry as muchaise do. Keith  is not what you would call a super fan. I think we all know that. But it was  really clear one night at tribal when he told everyone in his alliance in  front of everyone else, "stick to the plan."  i say stick to the plan. You know, at this point, that's all I can say.  Jeff: Wow, Jon, stick to the plan. ( laughter )  it's all right! ( applause ).  Jeff: Did your buddies at the firehouse--  oh, yeah.  Jeff: Give you a little grief?  Every time I say something, come on, let's go out and mow the yard. Listen,  stick to the plan!  Jeff: Jeremy, from a game point view, because you and Josh, especially,  really fans of this game, and early on were kind of duking it out together,  what does playing with Keith do because in a way, it's a new twist to have  somebody who doesn't know how to play?  I mean, Keith's a good dude, you know, but Keith is not built for "Survivor."  you know what I mean? This game is-- we-- Josh and i, we go back and forth  all the time, and it's great to have another strategist out there, but with Keith  you don't know what he's going to do.  Jeff: And that makes it hard to do what?  It makes it hard to play the game. It might even be harder to play the game  with people-- a lot of people that report real strategists as opposed to  playing the game with a whole bunch --  because you can't anticipate.  You can't anticipate anything.  Jeff: Natalie, question from force of fill, a twitter question they wondered  when we were out there. And you rocker got into it at this challenge. And I didn't  see it start. And he asks, "why did Natalie explode at rocker?" was  that a strategic move from you to pick a fight?  It was definitely not strategic. I lost it because I was taking out all the  anger I had about Nadiya getting voted off, and John was the perfect target  for me, and he just said something.  And just went off on him. Not strategic. Not my best moment.  Jeff: So you're saying rocker didn't really initiate that fight?  Rocker said something not-- he said something about Nadiya, but nothing,  like, bad to me, and I just lost it. I blacked out, and I just went--  a lot of blackouts.  Jeff: The blacking out is a theme.  Jeff: So, John, what's that like? This is part of your legacy, beginning an  argument.  A couple.  Jeff: What's it like to see that play back? Did you feel like she was picking  a fight? Can did you know what was happening?  No, I honestly anticipated something like that coming down the pike at some  point, however long I lasted out there. And it was so funny when I was out  here a few months ago, I was actually watch ago, of course, my exit episode.  I was on with cristy and his family on a skype call, these two yahoos, and I’m  watching her yell at me over skype, nat, see how you treat me that way. It's  funny hindsight. We've all become friends now and it's kind of a running  joke.  Jeff: I gotta say, the reason I ask, is even in the beginning, you initially  tried to bond with Jeremy and Josh. Black guy, gay guy. You even tried to  help Jeremy's wife, but he didn't believe you. And I thought it was  interesting, you are clearly outspoken and you get yourself into your own  trouble but you seemed to have good intentions when the game started and  there's a question from wad1980, who says looking back on the it, what is  more difficult in your life, facing barry bonds or playing this game?  I know how to face barry. Barry-- barry's got-- it's a very difficult game  plan to face barry, but I know how to face barry. I can watch films. I can  study things like that. Just like Jeremy was saying, the strategy and not  being able to predict, not being able to-- some people are wild cards and  some people you can read and everything like that. It makes it difficult the  wild cards when you can easily go up against barry bonds and put together a  game plan because you know barry. It's easier to than figuring out someone's  tendencies you have known two days.  Jeff: Up next, Josh and Reed, two of the most popular players this season--  justag sc my mom-- they are change lives outside of "Survivor."  plus Jon and Jaclyn what, a fight. What's the status of their relationship?  And later, we going to show you what we're doing next season. I really think  you're going to like it. "Survivor: San Juan Del Sur" reunion show.  We are live in los angeles. We'll be right back. ( cheers and applause ) could  trade beans for our flint jiefers wondering if there was some trade we could  do, maybe half the fishing gear.  Do you have the flint in your hair.  Jeff: There has never been a tribe that has needed as much help as you guys  have.  I want to give mine for jack.  I would like to give this up for Missy. Have fun.  Jeff: I don't think we have had this many give-up rewards in all the other  seasons combined. ( cheers and applause ). It was the season of giving.  Welcome back, live reunion show. "Survivor: San Juan Del Sur." so, Josh,  you and Reed, a gay christian couple. It's a lot. And the fact that you guys  were so open with your affection and your highs and your lows, what's been  the reaction from people watching you guys?  Yeah, it's been amazing, actually. I would say we've been getting about 98%  positive reaction and it's actually been overwhelming the amount of people  who contact us and say, "thank you so much for what you're doing for  us." even we've had people in, like, the midwest, young teenagers being  like, "hey, thank you so much. I didn't realize that there were other  people out there like me, like this, who are gay and christian." we  never set out to be pioneers but it ended up happening so thank you for that.   Jeff: Thank you, Reed. So you're hearing from individual people, contacting  you and telling you their story?  Absolutely, Jeff. It's been-- it's humbling because, like, I got a message  from somebody who said, "you know what, i've grown up in the bible belt  and i've kind of been ostracized from my church and I don't really speak from  my family, but after my dad has been watching 'Survivor' he reached out to me  and now we're talking about stuff. My dad saw you and Josh on the show and  didn't realize there really were gay christians and people could be following  jesus and be gay at the same time." that was kind of our thing. We  justmented to be true to ourselveses and kind of who we are, so it's  humanbling. It really is.  Jeff: I want to show somebody. ( cheers and applause ) I met somebody earlier  who made a comment that I wanted to share. I had charlene.  Hi!  Jeff: You said something I thought was beautiful about watching Josh and Reed.   Yeah, as a christian, I think that they represented our faith beautifully.  And that love is love at the end of the day. They really showcased that.  Jeff: Good, thanks.  No problem.  Jeff: And by the way, just a personal note from me to @connorsmith, who  tweeted me, "please don't go in the audience." sorry, connor. There  was another duothat had a lot of people talking this season. It was the power  couple, Jon and Jaclyn. They were swing votes at many tribal councils, but it  was that very public and delicious argument that had other couples arguing  over who started it.  I already knew all this.  Okay, I’m sorry. I won't tell you anymore.  Hey!  No.  Jaclyn, stop!  But I wanted to tell you,erva going to attack you in, like, 10 minutes.  I'm glad you did, okay.  Next time I won't.  Okay, hey, hey.  Don't touch me. ( laughter ) ( applause )  screw him!  Jeff: So, Jon, first question is.  Yes.  <br/>Jeff: Are you still together?  Oh, Jaclyn and I never got over-- we're actually engaged. We got engaged. (  cheers and applause ).  Jeff: Well, you know, I think there's a lot of people that are going to  recognize this, this comment. The thing I heard most about that was every guy  said, "that is every argument i've ever had with my girlfriend. It's  over nothing. It blows up into something big, and you can't really remember  what started it." so when you're watching it at home, because it's a  different experience to have it, what was that like for you?  It was actually hilarious, because, I mean, now we're sitting in the same  seat as everybody else watching it, and we're realizing, how, we must have  been starved or something and under a lot of pressure, maybe, or something.  Because we don't get in arguments over little tiny things like that.  Jeff: "Survivor" will do that to you. Eating the one cup of rice a  day, except for the Hunahpu tribe.  Oh!  Jeff: Jaclyn, what's that like for you to watch it back because you're a  woman. It's a different experience to have an argument.  In that moment in my head, I thought it was such a big deal, but then  watching it back, I’m like oh, my gosh. We fought over that. I didn't talk  tow him for five hours after that. I’m kind of luckiy we don't have a camera  in our house every day when we argue, so, yeah.  Jeff: You don't worry about impressions. You know his family well enough and  all that stuff that that didn't cause any damage?  Actually, since we've got engaged, there's a big parent of his family I haven't  met yet. Their first impression of me is on "Survivor." and I’m like,  oh, great, we're arguing over the duckest thing, "hey, this is my  fiance." it's kind of like, this is us.  Jeff: No, Jon, take it back to the game, because what was happening is Reed is  going, "oh, my God, they're arguing right now." now, when you look  back on it, did it have an impact had you been talking might you have voted  another way?  We have talked about that a lot. You never know-- it's hard to say if this  would have happened how would it have turned out? I wanted to talk to Jaclyn  about it. I think both of us wanted to actually talk about that, but --  do you think it might have changed-- and Natalie goes home--  it very well could have. It very well could have. In that situation, I think Natalie  would have been the one --  when you were winking you were being sincere jiefs being very sincere. I wanted  to talk to him later. And every time he came up, I said I haven't talked to Jaclyn  yet.  Jeff: Reed, it is amaidsing in this game that last forward 3924-hour days,  that it can be one moment that shifts your shot.  Oh, absolutely. Whether it's stick to the plan or whether it's the lover's  quarrel, there were moments when I was like, "what is happening? Nothing  can happen right now for me." it was one of those moments that happened.  I think you saw my frustration finally by the end, "Jaclyn, girl, I get  it that you guys are rhaving a problem but you're killing me right now."  it's hysterical to watch now, but it was murder going through.  Jeff:  Jeff: What does "Survivor" have in store for next season? It's good  and that's still to come. But up next, it was one of the most brutal tongue  lashings of any final tribal council, Reed calling Missy the wicked  step-mother. How do you like him now, mom? Where does their relationship  stand? We'll find out as the "Survivor: San Juan Del Sur" reunion  show continues. ( cheers and applause ) ( cheers and applause )  Jeff: Back back to the live reunion show of "Survivor: San Juan Del Sur."  so, Missy, you-- you're introduced in this show with a line that says  something similar to, "married and divorced three times." that's  your introduction. I always wanted to ask you, what is that like to have to  answer that question? Do you feel it is a burden? Did it help you release it?  Or did it bury you?  I feel like that it totally fReed me. I had carried so much shame about that  number three. I've been married three times. I've been divorced three times.  And thanks to you and your intro of me, it was like, "oh, my God.  Everybody in the nation knows i've been divorced three times." I told my  mom actual let's at one point, I said, "i had known we were going to go  on to 'Survivor' we could have saved a whole lot of money in therapy because  it completely fReed me. I should no shame. None.  Jeff:  Jeff: Great, you shouldn't have it. The other way to look at that is I’m a  hopeless romantic and I will try again.  Yes, I will try again.  Jeff: Baylor, what was it like for you because it was a really unique  situation to watch such a young woman play a game that it can be devastating  and to play it with hir mom and then to see her mom get injured. What  happened to your guys' relationship as a result of the show?  I guess our relationship really-- it didn't change much until the very end, I  feel like. But throughout, it really was like mirroring our relationship back  home. I mean, I get hurt, she picks me up. She get hurt, I pick her up.  Jeff: Are you tighter as a result, or is this kind of more of the same?  We're always tighter after these situations, but it is the same, I feel like.  I feel like it's just another surviving moment.  Jeff: So, Missy, you have talked to Reed about what went down? Because I gotta  say, being there, this was-- it was very emotional. It was emotional for Baylor.  You got very upset. And, you know, Reed's played the game. He's not in it  anymore. He wants to get his last licks in. What's the relationship with you  guys?  Hey, girl. ( laughter )  Jeff: Is that-- is that really it? There isn't one?  You know what, there is a huge elephant in the room. I will say this, I’m very  positive and one of those people who can say, "it's okay. Slap me again,  I’m good, let's just move "o." this one, what he doesn't know, is I  have been a stepmom, and that moment was like-- I think if he had known a  little bit more about me, he probably wouldn't have taken those lashes  because it was like the biggest stab to my back. I wasn't ready for it.  Jeff: Reed, I’m going to give you a little early defense because i've watched  this show for so long, and it is exhausting. And people on the jury are  usually very frustrated. And they want to get it in. But it does beg the  question, given what a great-- people are looking at you for a role model. We  have charlene in the audience saying love is love. Is that hard for you to  watch what you said?  Yeah, absolutely, and I made it very clear for me that I wanted to talk about  Missy's character in the game, not Missy's character in life. Because they're  two separate things to me. I think Missy's-- she seems like a wonderful  person outside of this game. When I was talking about what was happening, it  was all within the context of the game. So it wasn't this is Missy. This is  the character I saw Missy as within the confines of "Survivor."  Jeff: Do you feel a need to apologize or do you feel you're good?  I feel like I stand by what I said for within the game.  Jeff: All right, well, that's what I love about this game. ( applause )  Jeff: Okay, every season, and oh, I love that we get to do another season. We  try to find new ways to change the show so that we can give you the same  thing only different. And we're doing that again for next season and when we  come back, I will tell you all about it. ( cheers and applause )  Jeff: "Survivor" reunion will continue, only cbs.  Jeff: As one season comes to a close another season is getting ready to birth  itself into the "Survivor" world. Here is what we are doing next  season. For 29 seasons, "Survivor" has travel dploab, studying  human behavior. Based on age, sex, i.q., looks, strength, and even family.  I love you.  Jeff: And for our 30th blood vs. "Survivor" is evolving once again.   I've worked in corporate america my whole life.  I'm the kind of guy who likes to be in control.  We're the money makers. I step on the people to get to the next plateau.  What blue collar stands for is hardworking american.  16 hours a day outside in the dirt.  Blood, sweat, and tears, callouses on our hands, sore at the end of the kay.  I'm a free spirit. I could never live in a cubicle.  I do what I want to do when I feel like doing it.  I live my life not by anybody else's rules.  It's Survivor warfare. ( cheers and applause ).  Jeff: I want to see how this resonates. Glenn, let's get a big shot. Don't be  shy. Who here associates with white collar? ( cheers and applause ) all  right, guy right here, front row, come down. Yeah, come on down. Come ohustle  up like it's a challenge. You gotta pick it up! Rob, give him a mic. What's  your name?  My name is John.  Jeff: White collar, why? What do you do?  I'm an attorney.  Jeff: You don't hesitate, right?  I've been an attorney for 23 years.  Jeff: White collar. You guys make the rules. You probably have people that  work for you.  Yes.  Jeff: Okay. So you're used to being in charge?  To a certain extent, yes. Judges a little bit more, but I hear what you're  saying.  Jeff: All right, how about blue collar. Who feels they're blue collar. Come  down here. Rob you have another mic? There we go. What's your name?  My name is fred.  Jeff: Blue collar, what do you do?  I'm a general contractor.  Jeff: So you're construction?  Yes.  Jeff: And are you out there working?  Every day in the tremps, side by side, making sure the job gets done right.  Jeff: When you say blue collar, what does that mean?  I'm proud of what I do and I love my job.  Jeff: Now, the no-colrars the seem who say I don't so much want a building.  Not sure i'll get my hands dirty because I don't know what I’m going to do  next because I’m a free spirit. Who here feels I am a no-collar? All right,  right here. You look the part right away.  There you go.  Jeff: What's your name?  Case expwhre.  Jeff: And that is part of it, right, feeling free? You're tattooing your  body.  Yeah, doing what you want to do, free spirit.  Jeff: Did you relate to that? Is that really a state of mind of--  i think so, yeah, living life as stress-free as possible. It's kind of great.   Jeff: So whose philosophy is the best one, white collar, blue collar or no  collar?  My collar.  I'd say no collar.  I think a lot of us probably wonder what the other collar would be like a  little bit.  Jeff: Well, this is what it is. This is it to me. We do this season. It's  going to be great. I think you're going to love it. This really is america,  and it's white collar versus blue collar versus noicaller. It's february 25.  It's a 90-minute premiere, followed by the premiere "the amazing  race." it's going to be a great night. I’m going to go on record saying  I think you will like this season a lot. To celebrate our 30th season we're  going to commemorate a new buff-- nicely done, rob-- with all 30 seasons'  logos. And just like if we were a daytime talk show, we have one for  everybody in the audience. ( cheers and applause ) you can get your own. Go  to cbsstore.com. And when we come back, Natalie will experience something  very few people get the chance to do-- hold a check for a million dollars  with her name on it. We'll be right back. ( cheers and applause )  Jeff: All right. Let's do this. Stand up, Natalie. ( cheers ) there is a  check in here for $1 million. Congratulations.  Thank you, Jeff!  Jeff: All right, if you want to be a contestant, go to Survivor-- on "Survivor,"  go to cbs.com, and you can bid on props from this season's show, proceeds go  to stand up to cancer. We'll see you back here february 25 for "Survivor:  White collar versus blue collar versus no collar." good night and thank  you for watching every season. See you next year.