<br/>Jeff: Previously on survivor nine pairs of loved ones were dropped in  nicaragua to begin the adventure of a lifetime together, but they were  quickly pulled apart.  Jeff: If you have orange your name is Coyopa. If you have blue your name is Hunahpu.  Say your good-byes. In a brand new twist-- you're competing against your  wife. Loved ones were forced to face off for reward with the loser headed to Exile  Island. Jeremy wins reward for his tribe! After ger me won--  you're going to choose one person from your tribe to join her. He sent Keith  to join his wife at Exile Island.  It's my fault that she's gone.  Jeff: At coyop Coyopa, relationships were already forming.  Wes busted me. "what's your last name?"  Jeff: While the Hunahpu tribe was getting all the details they could stomach.   He's just kind of like a young dumb guy.  Ba-da-bing, ba-da-boom.  Jeff: At Exile Island Val caught a break and got the biggest piece of  information.  I got a clue for the idol.  Jeff: At the first immunity challenge, Val and Keith returned from Exile  Island, and Hunahpu won. Hunahpu wins immunity! Facing tribal council it  looked it was the women.  Jeff: But a secret alliance between Baylor and Josh-- kept the vote up in the  air. Where is your head? Have you talked to the guys?  They were talking about Nadiya.  I think i'm kind of right in the middle between the guys' alliance and the  girls' alliance.  Jeff: At tribal council, Josh went rogue.  I am so sorry.  Jeff: And Baylor voted for Nadiya.  Jeff: First person voted out of "survivor: San Juan Del Sur-- blood vs.  Water," Nadiya. Breaking apart the women's alliance and leaving Val and Jaclyn  all alone. Nadiya, the tribe has spoken. 17 are left, who will be voted out  tonight.  Listen, don't get upset with me. There's a method to my madness. I put your  name down. At tribal council tonight, i voted for Baylor to further advance  our alliance in this game. I tonight want the guys thinking i was getting too  close to Baylor, but i still wanted to keep Baylor asab asset.  Wow.  Do not be mad at me.  Josh comes up to me. He explained to me what was apparently a game move  because he doesn't want the guys to know that me and him are aligned.  That was a smart move in a way but it was also sketchy and scary that he  didn't tell me before he was going to write my name down. I really hope they  can trust him.  I'll probably split my pants because these are demam.  That's ridiculous.  That's impressive.  Oh, my God!  I can do that.  Bendy.  That's good, yeah! I'm going to be even more proud of myself.  I'll do the push-ups. I don't know about that. That was too intense for me.  We have Jon and we have Drew and they're both like cartoon characters.  I was second in the world in tae kwon do.  Are they listening to themselves? They're so happy and it's, like not real,  you know what i'm saying? Which for me is good because i know all the girls  can't stand them already.  I can understand if you're lifting a log to bring it over here, but just in  the mean, that's only 50 pounds. So you're squatting 50 pounds. You think  that's a big deal, bro? That's not a big deal.  I think we have possibly lost our flint.  Gone, you mean, like you can't find it?  It's not in anyone's pocket?  Are you sure?  Boys?  I cannot believe we lost the flint. Losing that is not good. Well, great.  I mean, i struck the flint in the fire. I must have set it down there, i  guess.  I learned if you're wrong, you admit it, and you admit it emphatically so  people know not only does he know he's wrong. He feels awful about it and he's  probably going to do a lot to make up for me. I'm thinking i'm-- like Jon poured  the rice in the fire! Jon lost the flint! Is that accepted by everyone? I  have no idea upon. I mean, i'm very nervous about it, very nervous about it.  Do you need flint to start a fire?  It helps.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! Coyopa getting your first look at the new Coyopa  tribe. Nadiya voted out at the first tribal council. Natalie, is this one of  the first time you've truly been without your sister?  Yeah. Truly, yeah.  Jeff: What does that feel like?  Um-- i told everybody i haven't cried in, like, 10 years.  Jeff: Really? Not a tear in a decade?  I never cry.  Jeff: Is the emotion more for your sister that she's out, or for you that  you're alone?  It just really hurts because you know there is people here that have been  together you know five years, six year. Me and Nadiya have been together for  28 years. It's just really hard.  Jeff: All right, the game moves on. You good to go?  Yeah.  Jeff: You guys ready to get to your next reward challenge?  Yeah.  Jeff: One person from each tribe will balance a ball on a disk attached to a  pole as you maneuver through a series of obstacles. Your ball trops, guback  to the start. One you finish, you must then roll three because landing them  in a series of targets. The first to finish wins reward for your tribe. Want  to know what you're playing for.  Yes.  Yes!  Jeff: It's a good one. Massive amount of fishing gear, everything you need to  get some fish and change your world. Big reward. We're going to once again  rock, paper, sidsor to see who gets the advantage of putting up first. John  versus Reed in rock, paper, scissor. Paper covers rock. John wins for his  tribe. Coyopa, who are you going to put up? This is another loved one  showdown. John is going to do it. That means he's taking on Julie. Come on  down.  Take your time.  Easy!  Jeff: All right, take your spots. We'll get started. Big stakes-- winner wins  for their tribe fishing gear. Loser goes to exiled. Survivors ready? Go. John  versus Julie. John off to a good start.  Take a deep breath, John, you can do this.  Slow and steady, girl.  Slow like that, you got it.  Jeff: John drops, gotta go back. That is part of this challenge. Your ball is  going to drop. Don't despair. Julie got a little momentum now.  Easy. Nice?  <br/>Shhh! Shhh!  Wait for it.  Jeff: Julie has some nice momentum. She's halfway through the course.  Slow down, Julie.  Don't even rush it, Julie, you've got time.  Jeff: John going for that first big obstacle, and he has cleared it. John  through the toughest part so far for him with his height. Julie has a good  pace going. Glawn right on her tail. We are very close.  Stay focused, John.  Jeff: John once again has to duck under a pole.  Argh!  Jeff: He can't do it. John drops. He's got to go back. Now it's jewel baek in  the lead. John getting frustrated. He was so close. Julie now under that  second post. She's got it. Julie doing a nice job. She's almost at the end of  this first part of the challenge. Julie's good. Start rolling balls. Have to  land three balls now. John coming up to his nemesis, that second post. Nice  save. He is through. Nice save. And he drops! John's got to go all the way  back again. A huge time loss. Julie lands her first ball, working on her  second. Julie lands her second ball. Very close to winning reward for her  tribe. John very close to heading to exiled. Nobody would predict this. Julie  just misses.  That's okay. You still have a lot of time.  Jeff: There it is! Julie wins reward for her tribe, sending John, her  boyfriend, to exiled!  Great job. ( applause )  Jeff: Julie, is this unusual?  Yeah, it's very unusual. When it's anything like challenging or athletic or--  i mean, he's got it, you know. It kind of suction because i know i'm good at  some things but he's really good at a lot of things.  Jeff: John, what is this like for you to not only lose, because that's tough  for anybody. But you're losing to your girlfriend. Now you're going to exile.   Remove the "friend" part. I'm losing to a girl. I just got beat by  a girl.  Jeff: Julie, come on over next to me. Good news is you've won a massive  reward for your tribe. The tough part is you now have to send somebody from  your tribe to join John on exile.  Oh, you guys! This is so difficult.  Jeff: Who's is going to be?  Jeremy you went through so much, i just have to make a decision, and it's so  hard. I hope you don't hold it against me.  Jeff: All right, swap spots. Jeremy will come down and join John. Julie  returns to her tribe. Jeremy and John, you'll head to exiled. You will return  in time for your next immunity challenge. Go on and head out. Hunahpu, the  winning streak continues. Congratulations. Nice big reward. Come down and get  it. Head out.  Jeff, Jeff, we have kind of a not-traditional situation that we'd like to  propose to you.  Jeff: Okay.  Our tribe seems to have misplaced our flint. And so we were wondering if we  could potentially barter with you and take the fishing equipment but trade  you the beans for our flint.  Jeff: First, let me understand the situation. So the tribe with two firemen, Keith  and Jeremy, you've lost it.  It's gone, Jeff.  Jeff: So you want to make a trade but you want to keep the fishing gear and  you want to trade the beans. Walk me through this from a negotiation  standpoint. You're the ones who need to make the deal. My life is fine. So  you come in, survey the scene, see what the reward is, and then offer me the  thing of least Value, possibly a half a bag of beans at this point, i'm  guessing.  A little bit more than that.  Jeff, if you don't ask, you don't know.  It's almost full.  Jeff: A better negotiation would have been to walk in at the top of the  challenge say, "can we trade our beans?" straight up. You came in  to see if you could win, and then leveraged that. And that doesn't work on  "survivor." i got one offer for you if you want to make it, and  that is you give up all this fishing gear for a new flint.  No, we'll just keep collecting firewood.  Jeff: Now i know when you don't have a flint, when it rains and it will and  your fire goes out, and now you need to make a trade, the pain will be much  tougher. This is your opportunity now to seize it if you want it, because i  promise you to get a flipt later will cost you more than fishing gear.  We'll keep the fire going.  I'll eat raw fish.  No, we can't survive without fire.  No, we're going to keep the fire going.  You guys --  Jeff: What's the decision.  We got dpawrnted--  we'll take the flint.  Jeff: All right, we'll leave the fishing gear behind. You'll have a new flint  waiting for you back at camp.  Okay, thank you.  Jeff: Coyopa, i got nothing for you. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. Hunahpu,  grab your stuff and head out.  Catching some fish would have been just heavenly. Unfortunately, we didn't  get it because all we did was trade it for flint. Losing the flint was a  pretty big mistake. It was my fault we wasted our chance at fishing gear.  Yay! Flint!  Let's nail it to a tree.  I know, right?  Good job, Julie.  Thank you.  It was awesome, awesome, awesome.  I literally haven't cried forever.  It's pent up pup need to get it out.  You know all the stuff we've been going through. You can let it all out now.  I would have said i think there's no other bond besides a mom and a daughter,  but man, twins. Woo"p" and it's really pretty touching to see a  tough girl cry. I want to help her. She's as big and bad ass as you are you  she's perfectly fine.  You can remind yourself it's a game but it's still your family. If it was  your dude, you would probably be all right. But it's your sister.  Nadiya got voted off, and she's probably fine. It's just that we're not  together. That's the hard part. Now it's really good motivation for me to  keep my head in the game and just play hard so that i can just at least go as  far as i can.  I can totally remember seeing rocker, atlanta braves, on the back of their  jerseys.  What's his last name?  Rocker. That's my point.  John rocker?  John rocker.  Was he the guy that got ran out of the league?  The what?  I'm not sure but there was a pitcher for atlanta that gave an interview, and  he let everybody know what he thought about the ethnic makeup of the people  that ride the subways in new york. He got ofsracized for baseball just about  for it.  Well, maybe he's changed.  Just because John does things i don't like, doesn't mean i don't want to work  with him because i think that makes him even more of an asset to be used  because he's pissing off so many people already that, yes, i want him on my  time team!  John and Jeremy on exile.  Better be a big damn island.  Exiled is not a happy place. It's desolate. It's dry. There are no coconuts.  It is not a good place to be. Plus the icing on top is now i'm stuck out here  with John rocky. I know who he is. He used to pitch for the braves and  everything.  You must each choose an urn. He was plaguing again the new york mets, and  talking about black people and homosexuals and all this other stuff. I can't  remember exactly what he said but i remember he said racist things.  Bupkus. It's nothing.  It is up to you whether you share this information with anybody else. I'm not  saying John rock ser a racist. You can stay stuff like that but it will  follow you the rest of your life. He could have changed but it will still for  you. Now i need him to protect my wife so i'm going to buddy up with him a  little bit "there's an idol hidden back at your camp. Your well upon  help. Dig, water, north, seven." i'm thinking you protect Val, and i  protect Julie. I just threw out, you take care of Val, i'll take care of Julie,  and it will be good. I'm just trying to give Val time on her side to work  some magic, but if she's voted out, Julie's gone right after her.  I like that. I like it.  Done and done. Get to our next immunity challenge, we will now bring back Jeremy  and John returning from Exile Island. ( applause )  welcome back! ( applause )  Jeff: All right, you guys ready to get to your next immunity challenge?  Yeah!  Jeff: First things first, i will take it back, Natalie.  We'll take that over here.  Jeff: Oh, really? Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's  challenge, you're going to square off one on one sumo style using a padded  bag, you will try to knock your opponent off the platform and into the water.  First tribe to score five wins immunity, safe from the vote. Losers, tribal  council where somebody will be the second person voted out of this game. Hunahpu  hasn't lost. Coyopa hasn't won. Hunahpu, you have one extra person. Sitting  somebody out.  Kelley or Julie, right?  All right.  Jeff: Who's going to sit out?  Julie.  Jeff: Julie take a spot on the bench.  All right, Julie.  All right.  Jeff: All right, first round is two women. Who is it going to be? It is Kelley  for Hunahpu. Jaclyn going to go up for Coyopa.  Come on, jackie.  It's Jaclyn from Coyopa, taking on Kelley from Hunahpu.  Let's go, jackie, you got this.  All right, Kelley!  Come on, Kelley! Leave everything out there.  Jeff: Here we dp go, first round. Survivors ready? Go! Jaclyn comes out  strong right away.  Yeah, jack! Yeah, jack!  Jeff: Kelley fighting back. But Kelley is on the edge. Jaclyn knocks Kelley  in. Coyopa scores. Coyopa leads 1-0.  Sorry, guys. Dude, she's big!  Jeff: Our first blood showdown, two brothers. Alec, little brother taking on  his big brother, Drew. Here we can, Coyopa leads one-zip. Survivors ready?  Go. Drew slips early. Alec has him.  Get him off! Get him off!  Jeff: Little brother has his big brother on the move. Drew now pushing back.  These guys are fighting hard! Drew has Alec. Alec goes in. Hunahpu scores. (  applause ) Drew befeet his little brother, and taking a lot of joy in it. We  are tied 1-1. Next match-up, Jeremy taking on Wes. Survivors ready?  Come on, Jeremy!  Here we go, Wes, he's coming at you hard.  Jeff: Jeremy with a big hit, but Wes sustains it. Wes is back in this. Wes knocks  Jeremy off! Coyopa scores! Coyopa leads 2-1. Next match-up, Natalie going to  take on Val.  Yeah, Val.  This is for Nadiya, nat. Let's see it.  Jeff: Coyopa leads 2-1. Survivors ready? Go. Natalie comes out hard. Has Val down.   Recover and push her legs out.  Jeff: Val fighting back now. Now it's Val who has Natalie on her back. Val slowly  moving Natalie towards the edge. Natalie is not moving.  Choke hold!  Let's go, Val, fight!  Jeff: Natalie back up. Now she's got Val on the edge.  Nattily, now, now, now.  Jeff: Natalie pushing, almost has her in. Val goes in Natalie scores, we are  tied 2-2.  Damn, Jeremy's got a tough-ass wife.  Jeff: The battle of the Johns. This could be ugly.  Come on, Jon!  Come on, big John.  Jeff: We are tied, 2-2, biggest battle so far. Survivors ready? Go!  Oh, my God!  Jeff: A huge collision out of the gate.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Both guys holding their own. It is slippery, hard to stay on your feet.  Jon from Hunahpu doing a great job against a much bigger guy.  Oh, my God. Jon pushing hard. He's got him close. Jon scores for Hunahpu!  Good job!  Jeff: Gotta feel good with that. What a battle! Hunahpu leads 3-2!  You got some blood on your nose.  Jeff: John, how's your nose? ( bleep ).  Jeff: Mother-daughter match-up. Been waiting for this. Now, Missy, most  parents would say it is much tougher to be the parent in this situation  trying to defeat your child.  Pretty tough but all i gotta do is put a different face on her and i'm gonna  kill her.  Bailosh you hear that?  Better not break my nose.  Who are you visualizing, one of the exes.  And i'm visualizing one of theexes, too.  Jeff: Wow, a battle of the exes. Hunahpu leads 3-2. Survivors ready? Go!  You all right?  Jeff: What's happening, Baylor? You need medical.  No.  Sorry.  Jeff: Tell me what's happening. Is there a tooth issue, or is it bleeding?  She split her lip.  You're fine.  Deep breath, Baylor.  Let's go!  Jeff: Wow, that inspiration of the exes is clearly quite powerful.  Fight through tgirl. Push through that pain. A couple of deep breaths, Baylor.   It's all right, Missy. She's okay, Missy. Play the game. It's just a game.  Survivors ready?  Missy, come on.  Are you okay.  Yes!  Jeff: Go!  Jeff: Missy much less strength. Baylor knocks her mom in the water and celebrate.  And you could see the difference in emotion in Missy. Did not have the same  energy. We are tied 3-3. Another loved one match-up. Reed from Hunahpu taking  on his boyfriend Josh from Coyopa.  Let's gJosh!  Let's go, Josh!  It's Reed that is on our team.  Jeff: We are tied, 3-3, playing to five. Survivors ready? Go! Josh and Reed meet  in the middle. Josh has Reed down. Good battle. A lot of spinning around and  maneuvering.  Get up, Josh!  Jeff: Pushing hard. Josh back up. Reed has Josh on the edge. Josh goes in.  Reed scores for Hunahpu!  Good job, Reed.  Jeff: Hunahpu leads 4-3. We're down to our last two men. Keith is going to be  taking on Dale.  Clash of the old guys.  Dale, you have this.  Jeff: Hunahpu leads 4-3. Playing to 5. Keith could win it for Hunahpu right  here. Survivors ready?  Keith you got it!  Jeff: Go! Keith comes out strong early, but Dale can take it. Keith now on  his back. Dale pushing hard. He's got Keith on the edge. Dale still pushing. Keith  back up! Keith is back in this! Dale knocks heating in. Hunahpu scores. We  are tied 4-4.  Crazy, dude. That was insane.  You tied it up for us. Next up, we're in a rematch,icle from Hunahpu, taking  on Jaclyn from Coyopa. It is a showdown for immunity.  Come on, jackie. Fight hard.  Jeff: Jaclyn won this the first time. Coyopa would love to win a challenge  and not go to tribal. Big stakes Kelley.  Oh, yeah.  Jeff: Dale, what's it like seeing your daughter out there?  I'm not watch glg you're not watching?  I'm not watch glg why?  It's her birthday today. But i gotta root for Jaclyn.  I'm all right, dad.  Come on, Kelley!  Birthday girl is going down!  Come on, jackie.  Jeff: Here we go. Jaclyn versus Kelley. Immunity on the line, survivors  ready, go! Jaclyn hits hard early. Has Kelley down.  Get away from the edge, Kelley!  Jeff: Kelley fighting back. Jaclyn is now down. Icle youy now has Jaclyn on  the edge.  Push her, Kelley! You got it. Push her, Kelley!  Jeff: Kelley could win it right here. Jaclyn's got to fight back.  Push!  Jeff: Kelley's got her on the edge. One more push. Jaclyn goes in. Kelley  wins for Hunahpu! Hunahpu wins immunity, remains undefeated in this game!  Kelley, happy birthday, girl! You deserve it!  Good job, good job!  Good job!  Jeff: Hunahpu, congratulations. Immunity is yours once again. No tribal  council tonight. Nobody going home. Enjoy the night off. Swim out. Coyopa,  second time heading to tribal council where somebody will be the second  person voted out of this game. Head out. See you tonight apt tribal.  Somebody in my tribe is going home tonight and i am in a tight situation  because i don't have an idol, and Jaclyn's my one and only alliance. But i'm  prepared to make big moves to make sure they stay in this game. It was one of  the toughest things i ever had to watch. I couldn't have been prouder than  anybody in my life than Kelley. Well, Jaclyn?  I currently hate here. But it's just in the moapt. I'm sure i'll get over it.   She never quit. She was down, her tribe was down, and she gave her tribe the  win. Unfortunately, it was the wrong tribe.  It was a pleasure hanging out with Jeremy.  You probably got a clue.  Jeremy did.  Did he share it with you.  Yes.  I found one on the island here.  Basically, i'm saving me and Jaclyn. Right now, i am in a tight situation  because i don't have an idol. I don't have anything. I am just lying. I have  no choice. I have to play big. Or i'm going home. So save yourself and find  it.  Val's claiming to have two idols and i've seen the clue. I think at this  point, i need to get off my ass, and start looking for idols. The clue i got  said, "dig, wel, north, 7." i'm thinking well, seven paces north,  dig. So i'm going to give it a shot. See what we can find. Hope something  good turns up. Right now, all i've got is rocks rocks. And bingo, boys. Here  is what Johnny rock has been looking for. I found at least an extra three  days in the game. Wear it with pride. Tend to be the athlete types always  make it right before the merge and they're gone, so i would love to save this  about the fourth, fifth council, play it and take myself to the merge but  this has bought me some pratime. Now i have to figure out a way to protect  Val.  If she does have two, yeah, then one of us 5 guys is going home, so the only  other way around that and not letting them than three votes are going for Baylor.   All right.  I did make a promise to Jeremy, if i want to ensure Julie's safety, i have to  ensure Val's safety. So she plays her idol, tonight, she should be fine. Play  that idol.  I mean, this is like an oscar-winning moment. I don't have the idol. But it  doesn't even matter. Because three of them vote Baylor, and jackie and i vote  Baylor, that's five against Baylor. I know me and Jaclyn are safe. * *  all of a sudden John and Val walked off together. They've never walked off  together. Like, they-- just those two? I kind of want to know what's going on  about that, and i don't think he's being honest with me. Splitting a vote is  definitely risky at this point in the game because we do have some people on  our team that you wonder about sometimes. So tonight, what ends up coming  down to is what do i think is going to get me to the top.  Jeff: Dale, you're 0 for 4 in this game.  Well, i think we made mistakes strategizing if are the challenge today.  Except for Baylor and her mom, every time loved one and loved one went head  to head, we lost. I think it's a pride thing. I came here to fight my family  member.  It was definitely a pride thing for me.  He walked right up and came up on the short end.  Jeff: So there's a lot more strategy with this loved one thing than it  appeared at first.  I've been thinking about doing that with Drew for a long time. I didn't come  out on top. It was definitely not the smartest move for me to go up against Drew  but this isn't the first time we've failed to decide before we just throw our  match-up out there.  At some point, Jeff, it's going to gel and click and we'll be right back  there mentally and physically.  Jeff: Josh, that works if time is not an issue.  That's exactly right. It's kind of like a broadway show that starts their  previews and they thought they had a great show and all of a sent audiences  hate it. So what they do is they stop and rework the show. They take out  songs, they put other things in and then they do it again and have an opening  night with all the changes and come out strong. So we've got to make some  changes to make us stronger coming out.  Jeff: So how to you do that, Val?  Well, Jeff, i think it goes back to just even how camp is. You know, we have  people in camp that try to play both sides of this game.  Jeff: Which is who?  Baylor.  Jeff: So, Baylor, now you're under the bus.  Yeah, i feel like Val's been out for me from the moment she walked on the  island. She brought the girls together. We had a discussion.  And chose to go with the guys at that point.  You said you were going with us.  Well...  Jeff: Who is "us" Jaclyn?  Me, Val, Nadiya, and Baylor. And then you flipped.  And then you told us to vote for Dale because i hadn't been there. I didn't  know anybody, and the only people that were talking to me were the girls.  That wasn't me saying, "let's vote Dale."  that exactly was. You told me to vote Dale. Straight up, you told me to vote Dale  right at camp.  Wow.  Wow is right, because you did. Own it.  Jeff: Wes, there is clearly tension in this tribe.  Uh-huh.  Jeff: And when there's tension, as Val said, it's hard to perform at your  best.  She says she has an idol. That's the main reason right there.  I heard two.  And i heard two, too.  You heard two what?  I heard she had two idols.  Jeff: Wes what, is the impact of Val saying she has two idols?  Vote for her, draw within out.  Jeff: Val, will you be surprised if you get votes tonight?  No.  Jeff: Baylor, would you be surprised if you got votes?  Now, i'm not, but it would be a shame to see a lot of flipping happening now  just because of some-- some crazy talk.  Jeff: All right, it is time to vote. Alec, you're up.  You're as sweet as you can be, but you gotta go.  I just want to see that idol, girl.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. All right, if anybody has a hidden immunity  idol and you want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay, once the  votes are read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to  leave the tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote,  Val. Baylor. Two votes Val. Baylor. We're tied again. Two votes each. Val. Baylor.  We're tied again. Three votes each. Baylor. Four votes Baylor, three votes  Val. One vote left. Val. We're tied. We're going to have a revote. Here's how  it will work. You can only vote for Val or Baylor. Val and Baylor, you will  not vote. Alec, you'll come grab the urn.  I told you to play your idol, and i told you what was going to happen. You  make me look like a liar to your husband.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. I'll read the votes. First vote, Baylor. Val.  Val. That's two votes Val, one vote Baylor. Val. Three votes Val, one vote Baylor.  Second person voted out of "blood versus water." Val. You need to  bring me your torch. Val, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Well,  there's nothing i can say that's going to help you. Haven't won a challenge,  lost two tribe members. Something has to change quickly or one by one you  will each be out of this game. Grab your stiff, head back to camp. Good night.   Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "survivor":  you all don't know who John rocker is. I know who he is.  Jeff: John rocker's past is finally exposed.  He said a whole bunch of racist stuff.  He's a bigot.  Jeff: And so had his temper.  You're a bad sport.  Take down all the stuff and we'll fight.  John, John, stop!  I feel like i played big, made big moves, considering that i wasn't with the  tribe for two days. It worked for a little while. I wish it would have worked  for longer, but i'm happy with what i did. And i think Jeremy seeing me gone  will be a shock to him initially, but i think it will make him go harder in  his game. And i think it will inspire him. So i'm happy with that.