<br/>Jeff: Previously on "survivor": Welcome to "survivor: Blood  vs. Water." nine pairs of loved ones were forced to compete against each  other, and Exile Island was back in play. At the last reward challenge--  there it is! Julie beat her boyfriend, John rocker and sent Val's husband,  ger me, to join him on Exile Island. On exile, John promised Jeremy he would  protect his wife.  Done and done.  Jeff: At the immunity challenge, Coyopa continued their immunity street. Hunahpu  wins immunity, remains undefeated in this game. Back at camp, John found the  immunity idol.  Bingo, boys.  Jeff: And he kept his promise to Jeremy to save Val.  If i was to ensure Julie's safety, i have to ensure Val's safety.  Jeff: But Val was lying to John. She didn't have an idol, and Josh got  suspicious.  John and Val just walked off together. They've never walked off together.  Jeff: And at tribal council, he switched his vote from Baylor to Val.  Sorry.  Jeff: Val. You need to bring me your torch. Val, the tribe has spoken. 16 are  left. Who will be voted out tonight?  I think i've officially woken up from thinking i'm safe in this game. It's  now a "Baylor fight for herself" game, not Baylor rely on Josh to  talk to anybody. I was completely close to being completely blindsided.  Is there any water?  No.  We should never run out of water.  At this point, i don't trust anybody necessarily but i'm just about open to  playing the game with anybody.  I knew she didn't have an immunity idol. She needed to do something very bold  and in your face and the best way to do that was say i have an immunity idol.   I told her to play her idol that they were coming after her. She just didn't  do it. I don't know what else to do. I divulged inside information and if  that alliance of five found out, they'd probably be pissed off at me. I  wonder who flipped.  It was me. I'm sorry, i didn't have any time to tell you guys. I was  literally like-- i thought through the numbers--  smart, dude.  I thought i have to go for Val. Right before tribal council, i realized that Jaclyn  and Val were vote for Baylor, and that was not the plan. I think John had  something to do with that. Because he had been walking around with Val before  tribal council, and they've never spent any time together.  I like the five-guy alliance. I think it's solid.  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. John's credibility has gone way down for me just in  this last day but we'll probably end up doing the strong boy alliance and  unless something changes, Jaclyn and Baylor are probably next on the chopping  block.  Monsoon's coming. May not today, but it's coming. So we need to tighten up  the shelter, get a team effort going on it. I'm really trying to warn my  tribe and say, hey, you know, we need to find something to cover up the roof  of the shelter. It literally looks like swiss cheese. That's not going to be  good whenever these tropical storms start coming through.  Natalie, do i need to do a middle one?  Yes.  We've redesigned the roof and we started weaving the palm fronds. We had  lessons and we got everybody going, even the boys. There you go. Pull it  tight. You're doing it.  Except for Drew. He try faird minute and it got stereo frustrating. He had to  lay down and take a nap.  I'm not a weaver, guys. I have other assets, weaving's really not one of  them.  Drew is a big sleeper. If my son was acting like driewrk you probably don't  want to know. I probably can't say it on camera. Get one of them little oh,  you know. We still spank. We still whoop, whatever you want to call it, in  the south. ( snoring )  oh! Are you kidding me, poke me with stuff right when i fall asleep?  We're all working here, so, sorry, i'm working on your sleeping. What have  you done today, Drew? Tell me one thing you've done. You've watched us weave  and hung out the entire die daywhile everybody else was working.  All right, Natalie, i heard you. I got it.  I don't know how you don't feel the need to pull your own waste. Drew is just  a waste of space. I guess i don't deal well with people that self-centered  and don't pull their wait.  That's good for the game. Drew is all over the place. I was planning on  taking him longer because he's a moron because butt i'm not going to be able  to. If he's physically falling apart right now, i think by day 20 he'll be  like, "listen, i want to go home. I'm all done, Jeremy. Take me million  dollars. You can have it."  Jeff: Come on in, guys! Hunahpu getting your first look at the new Coyopa  tribe. Val voted out at the last tribal council.  Whatever.  Jeff: A lot of reactions from the Hunahpu tribe. Jeremy, obviously, mostly  from you, seeing your wife voted out.  What is it is, the men are taking over. They're going to try to take out all  the strong women that are threats to them so y'all need to start changing it  on, on them. That's what you all need to do, because y'all are next.  Jeff: John, this is one of the layers of this game. When it is blood. It's  your wife, your brother, your sister.  I feel really bad. I want to apologize to Jeremy. I gave him my word as a man  that i would look after his wife. I lobbied as hard as i could, but i  couldn't swing the rest of my alliance, and at the end of the day, i just had  to go along with them.  All of us guys are like what? I suspected that he was possibly working with  Val, but he else toly admitted to it in the middle of the arena.  Jeff: All right, you guys ready to get to today's reward challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: Here's how it's going to work. One person from each tribe will race  across a very wobbly beam while using a pad toll transfer wooden squares from  one end to the other. If at any point you drop a piece, you gotta go back to  the start, grab another from your stack. First person to get six squares from  one end to the other wins reward for their tribe. Want to know what you're  playing for?  Yes.  Oh!  Jeff: Comfort. You have a tarp, hammock, a little mattress, pillows,  blankets. Or you can trade it for what Hunahpu had to give up last time to  get a flipt back-- really nice fishing gear. Two huge rewards, and you have  your choice. We're going to rock, paper, scissor, to see who gets the  advantage of putting up first.  One, two, three.  Jeff: Coyopa gets the advantage of putting it up first.  I feel like my dad wouldn't be good at all at it.  Let's go Wes.  Jeff: Wes is going to take on his dad, Keith.  You got this, Wes.  Jeff: Pick your spots, we'll get started. All right, here we go. Big reward  on the line. Father versus son, reward for the winner, Exile Island for the  loser. Survivors ready? Go.  Okay, go, Wes, go!  Jeff: You're looking for that balance between speed and precision.  Good job. You got it.  Jeff: Wes has his first one.  Big old pancake, Wes.  Jeff: Keith reaching for his first. Son would love to beat father, and pop  would love to remind his son that with age comes a lot of experience and  wisdom.  Take your time, Keith.  Jeff: Keith made up a lot of time.  Good job, Keith.  Jeff: Keith lowering his first, Wes lowering his first.  There you go, good job, Keith!  Yeah, Keith!  Jeff: Even up. Massive reward on the line.  Steady with the paddle. There you go.  Jeff: Keith very steady, drop his second wooden piece.  Great job, Keith.  Jeff: Heading back for his third.  Slow and steady, Keith, just like that.  Jeff: Wes has his second. Starting to get reading rhythm now, starting to  move more quickly.  Keith, you're fine.  Steady, Wes. Great job.  There you go, Wes!  Easy!  Jeff: Keith has his third.  Good job, Keith. Are you killing it.  Jeff: Wes has his third. We're tied 3-3, halfway there.  Slow and steady, Keith.  Jeff: At some point, Wes is going to have to make a move to catch up or hope  for his dad to make a mistake, and there's the move right there.  Nice move, Wes.  That a way, kid.  Jeff: That beam really miewght with Keith, but he's doing all right.  Don't rush it, Keith?  Jeff: Whoa! Keith with a huge save!  Jeff: Wes has his fourth, he's heading back. Keith has his fourth, he's  heading back. Keith has his fifth. Wind coming up.  Steady.  Jeff: Wes with a nice save!  Yeah!  Jeff: Keith can't save his. Keith gotta go back and get another.  Look at the kid! Look at the kid! Look at the kid!  Jeff: Number five for Wes.  Keep it up, Wes!  Jeff: Coyopa has yet to win a challenge this entire season. Coyopa can smell  their first victory. Keith has his fifth.  Jeff: This is it?  He's got to get it on there and get that pole out.  Keith, he's going to drop it, you're good.  Jeff: Could this be the time that someone breaks the curse? Wes wins reward  for Coyopa!  I like to see it. I got 30 years on him, but i would say i'm pretty close.  Jeff: You're emotional again.  Well, i mean, you see him coming along, you know, as a young man, shoot.  Jeff: You're proud of him.  Oh, yeah, heck, yeah.  Jeff: Do you guys share this kind of emotion typically, Wes?  No, not at all. I don't see this emotion-- i mean, i've only seen him like--  when my great-grandpa died and his grandfather died.  We're good. We're good. ( applause )  Jeff: All right. Wes, come over here. You have two big decisions to make.  First one, you have to decide who from your tribe you are going to send to Exile  Island to be with your dad. Who's it going to be?  I think i'm going to go Josh.  Jeff: Why Josh jai feel like he'd be good with my dad. I mean, i click with Josh.  So maybe my dad will click with Josh.  Jeff: All right, go trade spots.  All right.  You couldn't have done that more perfectly.  Jeff: Josh, Keith, you'll head to Exile Island. You will return in time for  your next immunity challenge. Here's your map to exile. ( applause )  later, guys.  See you all.  Jeff: All right, Coyopa, another big decision. Which reward are you going to  take comfort or fishing gear.  Fishing gear.  Fishing gear.  Jeff: Come on down. Get your reward and head out. Maybe the tide has turned.  I did everything i could, brother. I swear to you.  Jeff: Hunahpu, got nothing for you. Grab your stuff head back to camp.  "i did everything i could." no, you didn't. Because if you did,  she'd still be here. I'm out to get him now, pointblank.  Why is she crying?  He's not her John.  What they need to start thinking is they need to start going after him  because he's running show. I was mad when i didn't see Val because John  rocker told me and shook my hand and said he'll take care of her. He turned  his back on his agreement with me, so even though he's not from my tribe, i  need him out. Y'all don't even know who John rocker is. I know who he is. You  don't know who he is.  Tell us.  He's a pitcher. He used to pitch for the atlanta braves.  Really.  Yeah, let me tell you exactly what this dude is. He said a bunch of racist  and homosexual stuff and got in huge trouble.  He's a bigon the.  Yeah, he used to run on the field and scowl at everybody.  You remember this?  Yeah, i was giving Julie the benefit of the doubt.  At least she has a loved one still here. We don't have our loved ones here.  We should be the ones crying. I don't feel sorry for Julie at all. Julie is  trying to cover his ass, and knowing John made some racist and homophobic  comments, i want the other tribe to grow a pair of and stand up against him.  I feel really alone by what happened. If everybody believes Jeremy and that  my boyfriend, John, is running the show, then my boyfriend John may be a  target. If they believe what he's saying, then it doesn't matter what i do. John  is my counter-part in this, and--  you have to play your own game. You're here to play your own game.  Well, i am, but, i mean, what just happened,. Doesn't matter what i do. It's  just all twisted and just messed up.  I never thought in my wildest dream that "blood versus water" would  be this difficult.  I know it's a game but knowing that my boyfriend kind of put me in a  situation is hard.  All right, Josh, that's where we're headed.  Thanks for inviting me back to your home. Exile Island is full of rocks. It's  barren. And it sucks. I'm probably actually going to sleep on rocks tonight.  But at least we can get the clue to the immunity idol.  You can pick either one, but are we going to share the information? I wasn't  think the first time that me and Val come out here. She got the clue, i got a  blank piece of paper. And i'm thinking this time, by gosh, i'm going to get  something.  I think i got nothing. Toilet paper is what i got.  Yup, there it is. There is an idol hidden back at your camp.  John might have the idol.  And Jeremy might have it on my side.  Yes, that's exactly right. There haven't been but a few people here. There's  been Jeremy here besides me on my crew. I need to get back and find the idol  and she Jeremy is the only one kind of standing in my way. I'll tell you  what, we can go in search of some little snails, little suckers on the--  crack them and eat them anyway.  Oh, yeah, totally. These taste great. I'm all about it. I think people would  be shocked at how well Keith and i get along. You know, a louisiana hick and  a gay guy from new york. You know, it's not the two people that you would  ever think would be just chilling out and having a good time. I'm fine being  here. Eating snails. Get something time away. Great company.  Uh-huh. Me and Josh are probably as far apart as night and day, you know, black  and white. He seems like a good old boy. He's just not my good old boy.  I think it's so cool to be able to hang out with people from a different walk  of life that you wouldn't get to normally do because how else do we change?  How else do we grow.  Josh is on one side of the fire, i'm on the other side of the fire. Then  there won't be no spooning going on here tonight, either. Oh, hecky yeah. I  just don't see many Joshes in louisiana.  Oh, yeah!  We won. And we got fishing gear.  Awesome, John. Good job, dude.  I'm trying to provide for the tribe. Hope they appreciate that and hopefully  it put me in good standing with the rest of my tribemates.  Maybe i'm starving, but it's awesome.  Oh, yeah, that one is good.  I give all the props to John for catching fish. It fees good eating protein.  This is a game. You guys can't forget that.  I know.  Like, i really love that you guys get along with all the guys and stuff, but  they do not care about you guys. So think about that.  I definitely am thinking about that.  Jaclyn would easily come with us. So us four--  right now, the guys seem to be teaming up and throwing the girls under the  bus, so i have been thinking about what i can say to push the younger guys in  the direction of voting John out. John's anger and negativity really, like--  it's just the negativity for me. He really is a pretty good dude. There are  just certain aspects that seem to be almost like a virus.  Yeah.  I think we could get John out if we wanted to.  Then do it. Think about numberes, guys.  Dude, you act like we're not thinking about it.  Sometimes i don't know if you are.  Baylor is at the bottom of the tribe, and she knows it, so she's trying to  crawl her way up and way she can. We have a pretty strong group of guys so  we're still planning to get these girls out one by one.  Right now, let's just go win the challenge and worry about that.  I agree, man. We've got to.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! We'll now bring in Josh and Keith returning from  their night together on Exile Island. All right, you guys ready to get to  your next immunity challenge?  Yes!  Yes!  Jeff: First things first, i will take back the idol. Thank you. Once again  immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you will divide into  pairs and be tethered together. On my go, one pair from each tribe will race  through an obstacle course to retrieve their tribe-colored ball. Ul then  attempt to shoot it into the basket. First tribe to score three points wins  immunity. Safe from the vote. Losers go to tribal council where somebody will  be the the third person voted out of this game. Each tribe is going to sit  one person out, even up the numbers. Who's is going to be?  Keith's going to sit out.  Jeff: Keith going to sit out for Hunahpu. Coyopa, who is going to sit out? Dale.  Two older guys. Take a seat on the bench, everybody else, i'll give you a  minute to strategize. All right. Here we go. Who is going up for Hunahpu.  First pair for Hunahpu Jon and Natalie taking on Josh and Baylor for Coyopa.  First pair to get their ball into the basket scores a point for their tribe.  We are playing to three. Here we go. Survivors ready?  Here we go, guys!  Let's go, guys!  Jeff: Go! Josh and bail corquickly go low. Josh flying through the course, Baylor  right behind him.  Run him over!  Got you.  Jeff: Jon and Natalie are moving quickly, too. Josh has the ball, first.  That a way, Josh.  Jeff: Jon has the ball for Hunahpu. Now you have to get back!  Belt, belt!  Jeff: Jon going to put up the first shot for Hunahpu. Just misses. Baylor  shooting for Coyopa. Short, way short. Going to get more height on that. Jon's  tracked it down for Hunahpu. Josh and tail bailor looking for their ball. Jon  with another shot. Scores! Hunahpu leads one-zip.  Good job, guys, good job.  Jeff: Next match-ups will be Wes and Alec taking on Missy and Julie. Coyopa  needs to tie it up here. Survivors ready? Go! Wes and Alec quickly get down  on their hands and knees. They're not afraid to get dirty.  Ow!  Jeff: Alec just smashed into Julie.  Come on, Julie.  You just smashed a girl.  Jeff: Wes and Alec already have it. Wes with a shot. Coyopa scores! We are  tied 1-1.  Way to go, Wes!  Jeff: Next pairs. It is Drew and Reed taking on John and Jaclyn. Survivors  ready? Go! John and Jaclyn both have long legs. They're just hopping through  this course. John looking to mix it up.  That'sed about sportsmanship there.  Jeff: There will be a lot of bruises going back to camp but if you go back to  camp with immunity, they won't hurt. John is going to shoot for Coyopa and  could put them in the lead. And he does!  Big John!  Jeff: Coyopa leadses 2-1. Next pairs come out. Josh and Baylor going to run  again, taking on Jeremy and Kelley. Coyopa leads 2-1. Playing to three. Coyopa  could win it right here.  Hire we go, guys!  Jeff: Survivors ready? Go!  Stay with him, Baylor.  Jeff: Josh, nice. Dragging Baylor through this course. Jeremy and Kelley  whipping through this course. It takes a lot of effort just to get to the  ball. Josh has it for Coyopa. Jeremy has the ball for Hunahpu. Now you got to  get back.  Baylor has it. You got to shoot it. She does! Just miss!  Jeff: Every time you miss you gotta go find the ball.  Jeff: Jeremy shoots, and can he do it. Jeremy shoots for Hunahpu and scores.  We're tied 2-2! Playing to 3. Next pairs, Wes and Alec returning. Taking on  Jon and Natalie for Hunahpu.  One more, this is it.  Jeff: Here we go, we are tied 2-2. Next tribe to score here wins immunity.  Talk to each other, communicate.  Jeff: Survivors ready? Go. Coyopa has to score here or it's over and they  head back to tribal council for the third straight time. Wes mixing it up  with Natalie. Coyopa has yet to win an immunity challenge. They know they've  got to score. They're not messing around. Jon back first. He's going to shoot  for Hunahpu. He misses. Wes shoots and misses for Coyopa. Huge stakes. Coyopa  does not want to go back to tribal council. Hunahpu has never been. Does not  want to start tonight.  Push him out, Wes!  Jeff: Big mix-up here.  Come on, guys.  You got this!  Go!  They're stuck.  Good job, Jon.  Jeff: Jon has it for Hunahpu, can win it right here, and he does! Hunahpu  wins immunity for the third straight time! Change it up!  Hey, mouth, mouth.  I'm talking to you.  Don't worry about it hey, mouth, save it.  Right back at you.  Classy Natalie. Very class.  Very classy, girl, i like it.  Way to bring the class, Natalie.  He talks about "ws" he lost against her. And John. And he sits  there comfortable.  Don't even pay attention to her. Just shrug it off.  Jeff: Julie, why is there a group hate against John right now?  Because everybody thinks he is the mastermind and he's playing tricks and  he's lying.  And he's a bad sports man. You say something homophobic or racist like in  your past.  Don't say anything, John, turn your back.  Let me just say you don't know who he is personally. They're bringing up the  stuff that has to do with the article.  Jeff: What article arlare they referring to?  Obviously they know.  Jeff: Do you know what article they're talking about?  John is our tribe member, regardless. We have his back. You can run your  mouth all you want. We'll still back up John.  If you were a man, i would knock your teeth out.  Oh, my God.  You can knock me out, bro. Knock me out. I'm not scared of you, bro. I'm not  scared of you.  John.  At this point, why are we still talking about it? I'm ready to get the hell  back to camp.  Take all the stuff down, let's fight.  Jeff: All right, Hunahpu, third straight tribal win. Who wants it? ( applause  )  Jeff: Immunity once again for Hunahpu. No tribal council tonight. All right, Coyopa,  for the third straight time, tribal council tonight. Somebody will be voted  out of this game. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. See you tonight at  tribal.  It is scary that John loses his patience, he loses his temper. I think John  is playing haphazardly and is doing things that are not going to be help  willful for the tribe right now. That's a problem. Might be in trouble.  Because of the guy-girl ratio.  That was a war.  It was a war.  The fact that i started off with a vote, and the second tribal had votes, i  feel like i'm going to have votes tonight.  No clean water do we?  You guys sit down, i'll get the water.  I'll get it.  No, you guys worked your ass off. Everybody is bloody but me. You take a  swim.  Natalie is a fighter and trash talker but for John to be a professional  athlete and react like that. I didn't respect his responses. I felt they were  harsh and mean and scary.  I didn't think i would skate through this entire game without somebody  hearing about the past. Natalie called me a homophob today. Really, my  closest ally and friend on this tribe is a gay man. Actions versus  accusations don't really gel there.  I'll be back.  I made a few comments back, which i regret gret. I shouldn't have blabd my  mouth so stinking much. Who knows how it's going to go tonight. I may be the  one the girls are targeting. But i've come up with a pretty decent little  strategy that i think is going to work.  That's really true.  Yeah.  Yeah. I just think wharf makes us stronger.  Exactly. I told them i want to blinded side Dale, getting rid of the dead  wood, so they won't be looking at me. I'm going to vote for Baylor.  I don't want to vote out Dale.  I know.  You know what i mean?  Yes.  We're voting Baylor, man. Do you have a problem with that?  No, i'm good with Baylor.  We're going to get Baylor tonight.  Yeah.  And if something funny goes down, i've got an idol. So--  i was kind of shocked because i didn't know he has a hidden immunity idol.  You want the people that are going to be the most honest with you and the  most trusting with you when we're getting so far down with numbers, and John  has shown some sceshiness and done some things i don't agree with, his mouth  with the other tribe, getting on with Val and the strg stuff and he has an  idol. He's not going to use that idol for me. He's going to tiewz on himself.  I am going into the salt water to cleanse my wounds. Sometimes you have an  ally and you don't know them yet and you get to them them and you say i don't  know if i want to be an ally with this person because they stand against so  many things, and in John's case, fidon't have to use him, i don't want to.  I had a good time with your dad.  Did you find the idol?  No, it's at their camp.  Yeah. What about the one for here. Who has gon gunn it? Does John have it?  Here's the deal--  you want to make the big move tonight?  This is what would have to happen, okay. In order to do this, all we need is  four votes. Me, you, Alec, and Baylor, all vote John, we take John out tonight.   Okay.  He's trying to blindside you and get you out tonight. If us three and Alec  all vote John, we take John out tonight.  Cool.  We cannot let him even suspect, even at tribal, because John has an idol.  I'm in.  And we're taking over this game, okay.  Thank you. Obviously, i'm celebrating all the votes that i know about, except  for Dale, are going towards John.  You get in touch with Alec.  I just really hope that Josh is telling me the truth and Wes is not just  lying to my face. It's freaky and scary because you never know when you could  be being completely played.  What have you heard?  About what.  About voting tonight?  Baylor.  Well, me, you, Josh, and Baylor are going John.  We're talking about maybe getting rid of John while we can, but physically, John  is an asset. So is that smart right now? Maybe not. We have to make sure John  has no idea because he has an idol.  John does?  Yeah.  How do you know?  He told Josh.  What if he plays it.  He thinks we're all going Baylor.  I guess i might as well bring the immunity idol with me. I think i've done a  pretty good job of laying the grounded work. I think i've manipulated the  right pieces that need to be manipulated. But the tide may turn against he  mee. Who knows? I think it would be good to have a "get out of jail  free" card.  Tonight's decision at tribal is actually pretty huge because if we decide to  vote out John, we're finally breaking that five-guy alliance. And we're  losing the big guy on our team. But if John doesn't go home, it's Baylor. Baylor  was my first ally in this game. And i know she's with me 100%. John is such a  wild card, i don't know. Is there an easy vote tonight? No. But i have to go  with my gut. And how i think i will be able to continue fartherrest in this  game. And i have no idea if i'm making the right decision tonight.  Jeff: John, what was the fallout from the conversation at the reward  challenge between and you Jeremy? He was very upset to see that Val was gone.  You said i tried to save her. He said i'm not buying it.  You know, if the merge happens and Jeremy and i are still left, i will tell  him what i did within my tribe to try to keep his wife around. But she blufd  so hard, couldn't back any of it, and that's why she's gone, not because i  couldn't protect her.  Jeff: Lewis Wes, how does that make you feel knowing John was trying to save  Val?  Not good. I mean, i kind of would like to know the basics of what we're doing  and how we're going to do it. But it wasn't me, again, so i guess i'm all  right.  Jeff: Alec, what impact does the animosity that Hunahpu showed you guys today  at the immunity challenge have on this tribe? Because all of it was directed  at John.  You know, the ball hadn't even gone down the hoop yet, and Natalie was  already hooting and hollering toward us. But we can't find a way to win right  now. So she can throw it in our face. What else can we really do? We can't  vote her out.  Not yet.  Jeff: Well, John, they were very specific. They were saying you are the  leader of the tribe, and that everybody should get rid of you because the  people you're voting out aren't helping your tribe any.  I wouldn't necessarily raise my hand and say i am the leader. I think several  of us are all carrying equal amounts of weight, but somehow i get all the  blame for what five other people do? It doesn't make a lot of sense to me.  Jeff: Jaclyn what impact it have on this tribe to hear that many people that  angry in a game that is ultimately about relationships?  Yeah, i think if i make it to the merge, i have a target on my back now. I  mean, they were really gunning for me and Baylor like you guys are stupid.  Vote them out. What are you doing with your leader? It's like, okay, there's  two of us. Two girls. I don't know.  Jeff: You think another woman will probably be going home tonight?  I don't know. I'm seeing some shifting in the tribe. And i think the guys are  kind of waking up to, you know, we can't just have all the girls gone. So i  think maybe alliances are forming differently.  Jeff: Wes, if Jaclyn's information is true, this could be a big shift. She's  saying it may not be our best plan to get rid of Jaclyn or Baylor tonight?  Does that concern you?  Not really.  Jeff: Really?  I feel like my alliance, we've got a game plan, and that's probably what  we're going to stick to.  Jeff: Josh, concern you?  No, because there's apparently other things going on that a lot of us don't  know. So i think some people are being told one thing, and some people must  be being told another thing. I guess we're in a lot of discord because no one  has their story straight.  Jeff: Baylor what, do you think needs to happen tonight with the vote? For  me, the most important thing is get the dark cloud off of whatever is  covering us. You know, it's kind of like going with the flow right now, and  you can't go with the flow in this game. It's just-- it's hard.  Jeff: So do you think the plan that you think is in place will happen or do  you think you're going to get votes again tonight?  I can't tell with this tribe and it's frustrating because no one figures what  an alliance actually means and going with it. So i think i'm going to get  votes again tonight.  Jeff: Jaclyn, that would surprise you. You think it's not going to be a woman  tonight, it's going to be a guy.  Yeah, but after hearing some of this, though, i don't know, maybe they  flipped and are going with Baylor. I think they need to stick with the plan  and grow some balls and vote one of the guys out, and stop picking on me and Baylor.   Jeff: Wow. All right, it is time to vote. Jaclyn, you're up.  You are negative.  Jeff: I'll go tally the vote. Ed if anybody has a hidden immunity idol and  you want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay, once the vote are  read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the vote. First vote. Baylor. John.  Baylor. Two vote Baylor. John. Tied two vote Baylor, two votes John. John.  That's three votes John, two votes Baylor. Third person voted out of  "survivor: Blood vs. Water," John. That's four. That's enough. You  need to bring me your torch. John, the tribe has spoken.  Well played.  Jeff: Time for you to go.  Jeff: Well are you said you needed to change things up. Maybe this  well-played blindside is just what this tribe needed to turn things around.  Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. Good night. Stay tuned for next epsiode  Jeff: Next time on "survivor":  count it!  Jeff: Drew wants to take over Hunahpu.  Basically, i'm a bad ass.  Basically, he's a moron.  Jeff: But his biggest enemy is himself. You guys ready to get to your next  reward.  Nobody else on my team had the courage to bring this up to you.  Jeff: Oh, i love this.  You know, the guess the best laid plans don't always work out. I made some  good alliances. I thought they were pretty solid. Thought i had everything  figured out playing both side of the fence and here i am, being the one guy,  i didn't want to be, the guy with an idol in his pocket. I enjoyed myself and  was happy to have the opportunity, but i think this will be a souvenir.