<br/>Jeff: Previously on "survivor," for Keith, everything was going  right.  Heck, yeah.  Jeff: He found a clue to a hidden immunity idol, and after protecting Val at  exile, he gained an ally in her husband Jeremy.  I owe you anyway.  He's a firefighter. I'm a firefighter. The fire department is a brotherhood.  Jeff: But the rest of his tribe was struggling.  We have lost our flint.  Jeff: John lost the flint and Drew simply lost his energy.  I don't understand how you come on here and you don't pull you own weight.  Jeff: But at the last immunity challenge -- come on, guys! -- they beat Coyopa  again. Hunahpu wins for the third straight time. And finally John r's past  caught up with him.  If you were a man, i would knock your teeth out.  John!  Jeff: At tribal council, Coyopa continued to fall apart.  I think we should throw one of the guys out.  Jeff: The men's alliance crumbled. And John wasn't the only one blind sided.  Well played.  Jeff: 15 are left. Who will be voted out tonight?  We got rid of the athlete, but we weren't winning anyway.  At tribal John got voted out. Yeah. Kudos to the team. He was the biggest,  strongest guy on our tribe, but i feel like more importantly you have to have  a positive team, so John's attitude, being removed, will help us.  Unfortunately that leaves Dale on the outs.  Dale, i probably would have told you that's what we were doing, but i don't  know what you would have done.  Probably not much i could have done. I'm not trying to defend John. He told  me right off the bat, i have a short temper, always have.  That's not what we are.  I probably get comfortable in our five-guy alliance and let the social game  slide. I have to put more effort into building trust with people. Because as  of now, if we lose the next individual immunity, i'm toast.  Have a seat.  Awesome.  Oh, man. It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood.  Oh, my gosh.  What happened?  I just followed -- found the flint.  No way?  It was right here.  I didn't feel like we were that dumb the leave it in the fire pit. I didn't  feel like i was that dumb.  I don't know if i'm happy or very mad.  The other day we lost our fint and we had to forfeit our fishing gear to get  new one. It really aggravated me because i'm a big fisherman. I definitely  could provide for the tribe, but now i'm literally starving to death. We need  that fishing gear. You know what i'm saying?  Can we barter with Jeff?  We're not going to trade it back.  I don't think he'll barter.  I don't care.  Drew's a lot of talk, let's be honest. He says he can do all these amazing  things and then he sleeps for four hours. All we keep hearing from gear,  fishing gear, fishing gear, we should have got the fishing gear.  The fishing gear is gone. It's not like every time we get the choose fishing  gear.  Eating the same portions at a 100-pound girl is really killing me, so i think  i'll be balls up and say, work with me, Jeff. That's what a good leader does.  You have to make decisions that nobody else has to do. It's hard to drag  these people along and not get much in return, but the thing, is without me,  these people would be nothing. You know?  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Hunahpu getting your first look at the new Coyopa  tribe. John voted out at the last tribal council. Julie, your tribe applauded.  They stood up.  I'm not surprised. I've kind of created a shell because i saw kind of how he  was going the play the game, and i knew if he continued that way i had to  just be blind to it and be here with my team and stand on my own two feet.  Jeff: All right. You guys ready to get to your next reward challenge? One  thing before we get going... Wait. Do you have the flint in your hand.  Nobody else on my team had the courage to bring this up. We found our other  flint. This one hasn't...  Fantastic.  Listen. This one has not been struck one time. I was wondering if there was  some reasonable trade we could do, maybe half the fishing gear, maybe just a  mask, a snorkel and a spear, just something to put some food on the table.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Now because this one is city brand-new, basically straight out of the  box, you want to make a return?  What's your return policy, Jeff?  Jeff: Well, it sounds reasonable.  Exactly.  <br/>I feel like you're taunting us.  Jeff: I am taunting you. Put the flint back. You made the trade. Shall we get  to reward? One person from each tribe will use a grappling hook to retrieve  three bags of balls. Once you have the balls, you will then use a catapult to  launch those balls into a series of five baskets. First person to get one ball  in each basket wins reward for their tribe. Want to know what you're playing  for?  Yes.  Once again you have a choice. All the comfort items, hammock, blanket,  pillows, or something that might be a little more appetizing, campfire food  -- sausage, popcorn, s'mores. Great way to celebrate a victory.  Yes, yes, yes.  Jeff: We're going to rock, paper, scissor to see who gets the advantage of  putting up first. Paper covers rock. Hunahpu gets the advantage of putting up  first. Jon is going to go up against Jaclyn. Take your spots. We'll get  started. Here we go. It is girlfriend versus boyfriend. Exile Island for the  loser. Survivors ready? Go! Jaclyn out first. Jaclyn with a nice toss. That  should bring back one bag. Jaclyn has her first bag. Jon a little short.  That's a girl's throw, Jon.  Jeff: Now the taunting begins.  Love your dad, Kelley.  Give another good toss, girl.  Jeff: Jaclyn with another nice toss. Jaclyn has her second bag. Jon still  working on his first. Does he have it? Yes. Jon has one. Can he get two? Just  missed it. Jon with his first bag.  Now big toss.  Yeah!  Jeff: Jaclyn just misses on her third bag. Jon with another nice toss. This  should be his second bag. And it is.  There we go. There we go.  Jeff: We are tied.  Quick, quick, quick, quick!  Jeff: Jon with another good toss. Can he hook his third bag right here?  You got it.  Jeff: Jon has his third bag. Jaclyn, can she make this one work? No. Jon starting  to untie.  Jon, you got it. You're ahead. You're ahead.  Jeff: Jaclyn has some great momentum, but it is gone. Jon going to launch his  first ball.  You got to get a feel for it.  Jeff: Taking aim.  Come on, Jon-jon.  Jeff: Just a little far.  Soft, Jon.  Jeff: Jon scores his first point. Hunahpu has one.  There it is.  Jeff: Jaclyn, nice toss. Jaclyn has her third bag. Jon with his second point.  Jaclyn's got to pick it up now. Jon has a two-point lead. Going for his  third, taking aim. Nice little kick. Just a little much.  Come on, come on. You got to start shooting them.  Jeff: Jaclyn with her first shot. Jaclyn in and out. Jon with his third  point. Coyopa once again falling behind. Jaclyn is still looking for her  first. There it is. Jaclyn has her first point.  There you go. Jon with his fourth. Jon down to one left. It is the most difficult  one on the course. Jaclyn scores her second point.  Go, Jaclyn, go, go, go!  Jeff: Jaclyn needs to land another one quickly. Jon for the win. Just misses.   So close.  You're still in it. You're still in it.  Jeff: Jaclyn with her third point. Quickly dwayneing on Jon. Jaclyn can tie  it up right here. Jaclyn scores her fourth. We're tied 4-4! The first in the  basket wins. Jon in and out of that center basket.  That was beautiful, though.  Jeff: Jaclyn just misses for Coyopa. It's a race back now. Who will get the  ball in the air first. That could be the difference. Jon sliption and falls  off, opening the door for Jaclyn once again. Jaclyn for the win. Jaclyn just  misses. Jon could win it right here, send his girlfriend to Exile Island. Jon  scores for Hunahpu. Hunahpu wins reward and Jon sends his girlfriend to Exile  Island.  Jaclyn, that was so good.  Jeff: Jon, you know you're sending your girlfriend to Exile Island. You've  heard the stories. It's not pleasant.  It's hard to send her because of where she's going. It's not easy. But she  can handle it.  Oh, yeah, i can handle it out there. I mean, i'm afraid it's going to rain. I  heard there's in shelter.  Jeff: It's a fact.  Well, there's no shelter and it's really stormy looking right now.  Jeff: But it doesn't hurt your feelings that he says she can handle it?  I like the respects. If he was scared out of his mind, it would discredit me.   She's able to take care of herself, that's why we have such a great  relationship, because we can care for each other so much.  Thanks.  Jeff: So big decision you have the make. Who are you going to pick from your  tribe to go to exile? Drew is saying he wants to do it.  I trust Drew. He pulls his weight.  Jeff: All right, Drew. Come on down.  Thank you. Good luck.  Jeff: All right. Drew, Jaclyn, you will head to Exile Island. You will return  in time for the next exile challenge. Here's your map. Good luck.  Bye, Jaclyn.  Good job, Drew.  Jeff: Hunahpu, you have dominated, losing just one reward challenge. Another  big decision. You have instant gratification here. Food. Or you have  long-term protection.  Comfort.  Yeah, long term.  You're going the choose comfort?  We have to get something we can share with Drew when he comes back.  Jeff: All right. Hunahpu, come get your reward. Head out. Coyopa, once again,  have nothing for you. Grab your stuff, head back the camp.  We're dying to win. I want to win so bad. We're desperate and continuing to  lose, we're on the ropes. You know, are we going to be able to pick ourselves  up or are we going to be the worst tribe in "survivor" history? Who  knows.  I thought that was going to be so much harder than it was, sending her to  exile, but then when i looked at her and she's smiling, she was fine.  Yeah, she's super tough.  She'll be all right.  I have mixed emotions on how i feel about sending Drew and Jaclyn to exile.  He is somebody who i do trust, but if Drew is anything like he is at camp, Jaclyn  might be doing most of the firewood collecting. But she's very strong, so i  think she can handle somebody like Drew.  I can't believe they did it.  What?  Kicked John out.  I'm shocked. It's tough to see him go. It's playing that way, i'm glad i  don't have to be a bystander anymore. Move on and let me play the game and  not have to worry about him. I'm good. Seeing my boyfriend John voted out was  hurtful just to know that everybody's just anti-John rocker, who is the love  of my life, but things like this happen all the time with John, where he's  automatically judged from day one. So i kind of prepared myself. But to be  without him right now is such a desperate feeling. All i can do is just try  my best and get myself back in the game.  Being on Exile Island sucks because it's so hot and there's no shelter. It's  rough out here. I'll go right, you go left?  Okay.  I got it the good thing about being here with Jaclyn is i get an awesome  clue. That's number one. Number two, i got a pretty miss michigan-type  looking chick out here.  You're a ladies man. [inaudible]  it seems to be a curse. The fact that i'm a ladies' man seems to work to my  advantage, but i haven't been trying to work that angle too much. Jaclyn is  definitely very attractive looking, but i'm not out here looking for love,  definitely not with one of my buddy's girls. I'm really just out here trying  the strategize and manipulate minds. There's really nobody that's physically  better than Jon and i on our team honestly, but i'm sceptical about the girls  voting us out, so that's what we're trying to figure out how to get there,  one day at a time.  Alex told me his brother's a ladies' man, so i'm like, oh, God, but i'm not  worried about him. I'm just thinking about the game. So i just want the kind  of figure out with Drew what's going on and collaborate. Something's going  the happen because, you know, if we lose again...  We can't let you guys lose again. We should throw the next game.  Are you considering that?  There's snakes on our team that have to go. I decided to throw the next  immune 2eu challenge because all of the girls in my tribe seem untrustworthy  to me. They know in the long run they have no chance to compete against us.  I'd like the start whittling down the people on our tribe so i can get myself  forward and win the million dollars.  Oh, yeah. I could get used to this.  The other day on Exile Island, i got a clue there was an idol over here by  the well, so i went up here digged around, kicked around to see if i couldn't  find it. I dug around the sand for about 30 minutes, and i thought, i'm  wasting my time. Unfortunately it look like i'm a day late and a dollar  short. It looks like somebody's already been through there, so i'm thinking i  might have got beat to the punch. Guys, here's the deal, i've got a clue, and  i kind of poked around just a few minutes ago, and i didn't find nothing. The  only other person that could find it is the person that went to Exile Island  before me, and that's Jeremy. So Jeremy's got an idol. Keep that in mind.  No, he did not? No, he did not. Who did he tell?  I'm thinking i have Keith with me, but now i find out he's telling everybody  that i have the idol. I want you all the watch Keith, like watch him  searching all up in here. I saw that, too. He got the clue, and then he's  going the try to put it on me? He's got a clue. I'm pissed. We're both  firefighters. I told you i have your back. If you think i have an idol, why  didn't you just come to me? Don't you think that we're on the same page and  we could have used it together. Why you got the play me? I had his back. Keith  was chilling. He wasn't on anyone's radar, but now i want him gone, because Keith,  you're a rat.  I've got to thinking, idols are important in this game. I thought, all right,  well, we'll go back. Maybe i wasn't due north or seven steps, so i just poked  and prodded around a little more. It's already done been found, but obviously  not. As a matter of fact, it just kind of jumped out at me, kind of scared  me. I'm probably not going to tell anybody that i have the idol because the  last thing i need is a target on my back. I'm not a brain surgeon, but if  everybody thinks Jeremy has it, that could be good for me.  Throw mail.  Wes!  Wes, come here.  All right. Go tell the other people.  You are being a woman right now.  Whenever something comes like that...  I did not.  Yeah, you did. I don't like that. That doesn't happen to me.  Oh, my goodness. Alec feels like a little brother sometimes to me, even  though he's two years older. He likes to boss me around a little bit, so i've  had to bite my tongue a bunch. I'm like, hello, i'm not your flame.  At tribal council we'll see another one leave. Who will it be? Swim, run,  jerusalem and dive, a precision throw can keep you arrive.  Read it one more time. I want to kansas trait on the words again.  At tribal council tonight we will see --  Baylor does things that get on my nerves, and i'm not going to get away with  it. She makes it seems like in her life everything is given to her, just like  for Drew, but she's not my brother, so i'm going to call her on every single  thing she does.  I want that.  We have the clean that guy.  Do you agree that something needs to be cleaned before we eat out of it?  Dump it out and rub it with sand.  You won't have to do it twice.  As a kid, my dad didn't go wake Drew up to go wash cars because he knew Drew  wouldn't be worth a damn. He came and woke me up. I had to work hard for  everything i've gotten. I think in the end it's made me a stronger person.  That's just how i grew up.  No worries.  My dad just called me on it. Alec, i'm not going to let you do that. So i'm  not going to let you do that either.  Thanks.  I think sharing some of that knowledge with others might be what we need to  do, get everybody on the same page and just believe that we can beat the  other tribe. David can beat goliath.  Jeff: All right. Before we get to the challenge, we'll bring in Drew and Jaclyn  returning from Exile Island.  Am i going to throw the challenge today? That is the million dollar question.  People will hate me for doing that, but i could care less. Sometimes you got  to do what you got to do to get things done.  Welcome back, girl.  Hi, guys.  You guys ready to get to your next immunity challenge?  Yeah.  Jeff: First things first, take back the immunity idol. Thank you. Once again  immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, one person from each  tribe will swim out, race up a platform, dive into the water to retrieve a  ring, bring it back. Then the next person goes. Once you collect it, all four  rings, the two remaining tribe members will attempt to land those rings on  posts. First tribe to finish wins immunity, is safe from the vote. Losers go  to tribal council where somebody will be voted out. Coyopa has yet to win an  immunity challenge. Hunahpu has yet to lose. Hunahpu, you have three extra  people, sitting three people out. Who is it going to be? Kelley going to sit  out, Jon going to sit out and Jeremy going to sit out. Interesting choices.  Three sitouts, you'll join me over here. Everyone else, give you a minute to  strategize and we'll get started. All right. Here we go. For immunity.  Survivors ready? Go! All right, Missy and Baylor in the water first. Mother  and daughter squaring off again.  Get up there. Go, go, go! Jump. Yes.  Come on, Missy.  Jeff: Both going for those first rings. Three knots, untie them and head  back. Baylor has hers. She's heading back. Missy has hers. She's heading  back.  Come on, Missy.  Come on, miss.  Jeff: Now you have the climb back up that ladder and race back down the  platformment Baylor racing back with that first ring for Coyopa. Missy racing  back with first ring for Hunahpu.  Okay, miss.  Here we go, here we go, here we go.  Jeff: Baylor's back. Jaclyn now in the water for Coyopa. Reed now in the  water for Hunahpu. Come on, jackie. Run and jump.  Go, Reed.  Go, Reed!  Jeff: Jaclyn and Reed both heading for those second rings. It's a little  longer swim this time. Reed has his ring. He's heading back. Jaclyn has hers.  She's heading back.  Go, jackie! Come on, jac. Make up that time.  Jeff: Hunahpu back in the lead. Jaclyn back in the water. Reed is back. Natalie  now in the water for Hunahpu. Jaclyn back. Alec in the water for Coyopa. Alec  picking up a lot of time. That is how you do it! Natalie working on that  third ring for Hunahpu. She's got it. Heading back. Alec working on the third  ring for Coyopa. He's got it. He's heading back.  Come on, Alec!  Jeff: Alec has made up a lot of time in this round. They both come up. We're  dead even again. Alec now puts Coyopa back in the lead. Get him on that  platform. Wes in the water for Coyopa.  Go!  Jeff: Keith in the water for Hunahpu. Father-son in this last battle for a  ring. They're not messing around. Keith moving quickly in the water. Wes has  the fourth ring for Coyopa. Keith has the fourth ring for Hunahpu. Nices tos  from Wes. Coyopa has all four. They have their two rebounders in. Now Dale  will start tossing. Keith moving quickly in the water. You've got to get the  ring back. Keith back with that fourth ring for Hunahpu. Hunahpu now puts  their rebounders in. One ring at a time. You got to get the ring back.  Yes!  Jeff: Coyopa scores their first ring.  My shot now. Now it's my shot.  Just keep firing.  Jeff: Drew with another miss. Coyopa scores their second ring. Drew scores  for Hunahpu. Coyopa short.  Sorry.  Jeff: Oh, same ring. Figure it out. Drew misses again. Coyopa scores another.  Coyopa leads with three. They're down to one left. Drew is single handedly  losing this for his tribe. This could do it. Coyopa, that is it. Coyopa wins  their first immunity challenge.  Yes!  Oh, my gosh!  I knew it!  Sorry, guys.  Jeff: Coyopa, who wants it?  Grab it.  Jeff: Coyopa, no tribal council for the first time in this game. Enjoy the  night off. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. All right. Hunahpu, for the  first time, tribal council. Somebody will be voted out tonight. Grab your  stuff, head back the camp. We'll see you tonight at tribal council.  I threw the challenge because we need to get some of the snakes off. If i  don't want the win, we're not going to win. That's what makes me the kingpin  of my tribe.  Happy to be home?  Hell yeah. I feel bad about that. I kind of decided in exile if i had the  opportunity to throw this game i would, and i did. I don't know if they knew  i was throwing it, but i could care less because we need the start getting  rid of some of the snakes on our tribe. So basically i'm a bad ass and the  manipulator of this game. Okay. Here's my idea. I'm worried that going into  the merge, individuals are going to outnumber couples, so we take people that  don't have a loved one out. That's why i think Julie is a very easy vote and  she hurts our team.  Exactly.  My argument today is Julie should be the one to go. She hasn't been helping  in challenges. She doesn't help around camp. It would be an easy one to agree  on. But most importantly she does not have a loved one.  Okay. I'm going to target Julie. This is my reason. Right now there's no  reason to vote with us right now.  Listen to me first.  Okay, guys, listen. Amongst us, she's the most dangerous person in this  tribe. Who is it? Who is going to manipulate this game and throw the stronger  guys out? It's Kelley. Done deal. Look at what happens...  She knows the game.  Look what happens if we have Kelley? You think Julie's going to beat us? My  personal biggest threat right now is Kelley. She plays very low key, but at  the same time, she's very observant. If you talk to her, you know that she's  not missed one episode of "survivor." so Kelley is a threat. And  it's my mission to get people to vote for her tonight.  Listen, here's the deal, Keith is trying to get me out. Keith comes back from  exile saying that i got the idol. We need to have each other's backs. If  someone's after you, i go after that person. If someone's after me, i peko  the same thing.  He's not going to get you. Who is he going to persuade?  You're overlooking the mastermind here.  This is the thing, i want Keith gone. Keith is trying to go after me, so now  i don't trust him at all. But Drew, he wants to get rid of Kelley now because  he thinks Kelley runs the girl, which is ridiculous. She's not doing  anything. Keith's first, your second, i'm third, you're fourth. It's nod good  logic.  When you're saying, this you're delg me you don't have my back.  You're way too emotional about this, Jeremy.  Get your boy, dog. With Drew there's no throwing back and forth. He's just  like, Kelley's going home, and that's it. And it pissed me off.  I was just talking the Drew, and he's like, the girls are trying to get the  guys out. Drew said that. I said, that's messed up. He told me, me, you...  He just told you that?  I said, there's no guy-girl thing here. We have no power. That's straight up  what i told him.  Drew, he's scared the girls are going to vote out guys, which is stupid. We  don't even have the numbers to do that, but that's convinced of this girl-girl  alliance. The guys are a mess. They're not on the same page, which is good.  In the long run, who is winning immunity challenges?  Drew or John.  Probably Drew more than John.  Maybe we get rid of Drew first.  Yeah.  I think you're right.  Getting rid of Drew, that would be so sweet if we can pull this off.  He's so annoying. We have to do it now, while the guys are all over the  place.  We're sending Kelley home. That's it. Think about it, guys. I'm telling you.  Let's get Kelley out tonight and then all these bitches don't know what to do  other than come to us. Trust me, guys. Trust me. Count on it. Look me in the  eyes. Count on it.  I was standing by the shelter and i heard Drew leading this charge to get me  out, and i was lying, what the hell. I don't know what it is, maybe he's just  threatened by me as a strong female. But Drew gets this vision in his head,  and he's like the king of it, and he has to be the one to... He has to make  the final decision. And i think people are getting over that really, rally  quickly.  Get rid of Drew. We can come in strong and say Drew is taking down the wrong  girl.  This is how it's going right now. The girls want to get rid of Drew. Yes,  he's a moron, but that's a big move. And it makes me nervous.  We're sending Kelley home. That's what's happening. You on board with it or  not.  I don't care.  I'm just telling you the truth.  Dude, i don't care.  The problem is, the guys are all over the place. Drew is saying, Kelley's the  player. John is like, we're going after Julie, and i want to get rid of Keith.   Well, well, well, everybody seems to have their own opinion, don't they?  It's just crazy. Maybe we should get rid of Drew. He's digging his own grave,  but i'm just not sure if it's the right time.  Jeff: Behind each of you is a torch. Go ahead, great britain -- grab a torch,  dip it in and get fire. This is part of the ritual of tribal council because  in this game fire represents your life. When the fire is gone, so are you.  Okay. Our first chance to talk. So catch me up. Julie, tell me about  relationships. Who do you notice is getting along right out of the gate in  i would have to say John and Drew. They run around like they're  five-year-olds. It's cute. Yeah.  Missy, who doesn't get along?  My observation is that we have a whole will the of chiefs and not very many  indian, and they're selfish and selfless people around camp.  Jeff: How many selfish people do you have on this tribe?  Half this tribe.  Jeff: Drew, one of the bad things about winning is you don't get to figure  out where things are within the tribe.  Absolutely. Everybody has been playing nice until we lost today, Jeff. I felt  it right after the challenge, like wow we actually have to play this game.  Jeff: Drew, let's talk about game time today, because i thought it was  interesting that for a tribe that's dominated, that you got demolished today,  by a guy that could be maybe your granddad.  Could we have had better swimmers, better retrievers. You win some, you lose  some. I did the best i could and that's it.  Jeff: John, after the challenge, you head back the camp. What happened?  We got back and people just started scrambling, like, okay, what's the vote  going to be? Emotions got high, too. It was confusing.  Jeff: Jeremy, Jon says emotions got high. What does that mean?  Well, so, i'm just going to say it. Keith comes back from exile and tells  everybody that i have an idol. So i say, Keith, why don't you come to me and  say, hey, do you have an idol. We're aligned.  I was looking for the idol and i didn't find the idol. I assumed, might have  been wrong, i assumed Jeremy had beat me to the punch.  And i'm in your alliance, so why don't you come to me?  Because you go to somebody else...  We could have kept it between me and you.  Jeremy, cop on now. It doesn't happen like that in this game.  Why not?  It just doesn't. If i say, Jeremy, i got an idol, first thing in his head,  let's put his name down.  Not if we're in an alliance.  No.  But it's more than two people.  We could have two people aligned and have a suballiance with everybody else.  We could have done that.  Suballiance. Okay.  We could have done that, Keith.  That's a new one on me.  It's not a new one in "survivor."  Jeff: Keith one of the things Jeremy seems to be saying, when you're in an  alliance with somebody, you don't betray them.  I don't recall this betrayal.  Well, you started pitting people against Jeremy. Everybody went, whoa.  That wasn't the way it was meant to be.  It wasn't like, i think Jeremy has an idol, it was like, "i'll tell you  one thing, Jeremy got that idol."  Jeff: So Drew, what does this tribe need to do tonight with the vote?  Well, everybody had their own opinion at camp and what the right thing to do  was. I heard Keith's name. I heard Julie's name. You know, so it's just like,  i want to strengthen the team. I want to get any bad energy out and roll  forward.  Jeff: Kelly, do you agree with that, you need to get rid of bad energy?  Yeah, but who is the bad seed in this bunch. Maybe we don't all agree on  that.  Jeff: Natalie, what do you think the tribe needs to do tonight?  I think this is going to be a really critical vote. At one point today Drew  was accusing the girls wanting to get the guys out. I was like what?  Jeff: How would the girls take out the guys? There's only four.  That's the thing, Jeff, none of the girls approached me and asked me what i  thought was a good vote.  Because you freaked out the second we got back the camp. You can't want to  talk to me, and then i heard my name going around, so obviously you maybe  have something against me.  Jeff, i thought we were all on one page, and everybody seems to be  scatterbrained because it's scary because a few stray votes can change  everything.  Jeff: Jon, what do you think the tribe needs to do?  There were so many different strategies that were going on, i never really  got a full grasp of any of them.  Jeff: That cannot be comforting.  It's not at all, absolutely not, because i honestly am so confused what name  i'm supposed to be writing down right now.  Jeff, we're a hot mess.  Jeff: And it's about to get a whole lot messier because it's time to vote. Drew,  you're up.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want the play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Julie. Kelley.  Drew. Keith. That's one vote Julie. One vote kelly, one vote Drew. One vote Keith.  Julie. Two vets Julie. Drew. Two votes Julie, two votes Drew, one vote Kelley,  one vote Keith. Drew. That's three votes Drew, two votes Julie, one vote Kelley,  one vote Keith. Fourth person voted out or "survivor" blood versus  water, Drew. That's four, that's enough, you need to bring me your torch.  Good job, guys. Good play. Good play.  Jeff: Drew, the tribe has spoken.  But.  Jeff: Well, for a first tribal council, there was a lot of information  revealed. Four people got votes and a blindside. The only question: Was it a  brilliant tribal or absolute chaos? Time will tell. Grab your stuff. Head  back the camp. Good night. Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "survivor"...  If you or the guys said it to me, i would have been on board with it.  It's Jon versus Hunahpu.  You're either with me or against me, and if you're not, you don't know what's  going on.  Jeff: But not for long. Everybody drop your buffs.  I knew it.  Son of a...  I knew all along those girls wanted me out of. There i'm obviously a physical  and social threat to them. Congrats to them. They did a great job by getting  me out. In the long run i would have beat them. I wish i had been more chill  and rolled with the girls rather than gone against them right away because it  turned out to bite me in my butt.