<br/>Jeff: Previously on "survivor": Say your good-byes. This game is on.  Since day one, blood versus water has been a tale of two tribes heading in  opposite directions. Hunahpu wins! Coyopa couldn't wayne challenge. Hunahpu  wins immunity for the third straight time. And they weren't getting along.  Baylor, you told me to vote Dale, you did. Own it!  Jeff: There is clearly tension in this tribe. Hunahpu was unbeaten.  Wooo!  Jeff: And living like kings.  Yeah!  Jeff: But even they couldn't live in peace.  Jeremy's got an idol. Keep that in mind.  Keith is trying to get me oit. We need to have each other's backs. We need to  go to tribal and get some of the snakes that are on our team off.  Jeff: And Drew decided to throw the immunity challenge. Drew misses again. Hunahpu  wins their first immunity challenge! But at tribal councils had plan  backfired as a majority came together to blindside Drew. Fourth person voted  out of "survivor: Blood versus water," laeg his lone ally Jon.  Good play.  Jeff: 14 are left. Who will be voted out tonight.  That was a narly tribal.  What a learning experience.  Tribal was freaking insane.  I was definitely one of the odd ones out. That was fun. Drew was definitely a  friend of mine. But he stepped on a lot of people's toes will the past few  days, so i am very nervous, and i've got a lot of damage control to do. If  you guys would have said it to me i would have been right on board with it.  What did he say?  He said, "you're either with me or against me and if you're not, you  don't know what the ( bleep ) is going on here."  that's crazy.  Jon, you'll be much better off in this tribe without him.  I think you will.  Jon is on his apology tour because he knows he'll be gone next.  I should have been right there for you. I should have been like, yes,  absolutely, the way you think it is, absolutely, i'm doing it. And i didn't  do that i'm &amp; i'm trying to apologize.  All right. He comes to me. I didn't have to do anything. I just swooped him  up. This is beautiful.  This is me trying to make sure that you realize i'm still here for you.  I'm right in the middle of where i want to be. This is perfect, i'm in a  beautiful spot right now.  Tree mail.  Yeah!  Read it, Wes.  Can the are you tired of the long trip to the arena?"  oh, no.  "are you tired of battling loved ones? Get ready to get tired. It's time  to get back to the arena."  the good thing swe're the first ones in this morning. And they got to do the  walk of shame right in front of us.  Someone coming back into the arena with one less person, the walk of shame.  Since we won immunity, it's going to be nice to have the other team do it,  except if it's your loved one who is not there.  They also want to keep winning challenges.  They want to keep winning.  There's another showdown in the arena, and i will absolutely be excited to  face off against true droou. He socked me in the mouth a couple of times  already, but i'm still standing and if i can sock him and knock him down, i'm  gonna.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! Coyopa getting your first look at the new Hunahpu  tribe. Drew voted out at the last tribal council.  Oh, my God! A lot of shocked faces, some emotion. Alec, let's start with you.  Your bro is gone.  I mean, i don't get it. I think Drew is one of the best players they had over  there. Maybe they saw him as a big threat. That must have been it. Clearly,  that was it. What else could it have been, guys?  Jeff: Baylor, you look shocked. Why are you shocked?  I mean, i thought Drew was mr. Popular, like, you know-- ( laughing ) really  good at every challenge.  Jeff: Josh, i'm shocked that anybody's shocked when someone from the other  tribe makes the decision because you have no information.  That's the thing. I mean, we were all trying to speculate who we thought  would go home, but the truth, is we're not in their tribe so we don't know  the tribe dynamic, and it sucks.  Jeff: All right, let's get ready for another shock. Everybody, drop your  buffs.  Oh, baby!  I knew it!  Son of a gun.  Jeff: Everybody, drop your buffs. We are switching tribes.  Oh, baby.  Son of a gun.  I knew it!  Jeff: Kelley, would you be excited if you got paired up with your dad?  Gosh, that's so tough. I mean, we all came out here wanting to play with our  loved ones, but i think the people that don't have loved ones right now  almost feel a little bit free, and the people with loved ones are almost  looked at as targets right now.  Jeff: Jeremy, do you agree with Kelley, in some ways having Val gone sort of  gives you a little more freedom?  When you're in a pair, that's dangerous. But i mean 32 ?oght i wouldn't give  to have Val on the other side right now.  Jeff: Josh what, would you like to see happen?  At this point, i almost don't even know what i want to happen because, you  know, you get close to your tribe. And all of a sudden you're like, oh, wait.  I might actually play with my loved one. I don't know!  Jeff: All right, shall we figure this out?  Yes!  Jeff: Let's do this.  My stomach hurts.  Jeff: Grab one, pass it around. The game is about to change. All right, open  up. Let's see who's going to be with who. Kelley going to be hooked up with her  dad. Missy going to be hooked up with her daughter. If you have blue, come on  over here. If you have orange, down here.  First of all, give me a hug! I've missed you.  Jeff: Josh is switching tribes.  Hi, baby.  Jon going to be hooked up with his girlfriend.  Love you.  Jeff: We'll have two completely different tribes. On Coyopa, we have three  pairs of loved ones together-- Kelley and her dad, Dale. Missy and her  decatur Baylor. Jaclyn and her boyfriend, Jon. And one lone person in Keith.  On Hunahpu completely opposite. We have one pair of loved ones, Josh and Reed--  with a bunch of singles -- Wes, Alec, Jeremy, jewel exe Natalie. Keith, how  are you feeling? You're the lone single on that tribe?  I know. That's not good, Jeff. I mean, i wish i would have been with Wesley,  you know, talk a little bit. I haven't seen him in 11 days. But i guess we'll  do okay. I mean--  yeah, we will.  Like they said earlier, though, singles are kind of a target now since i'm  with three pairs.  Jeff: Josh, Reed, you're the only couple over here. Reed, do you feel like  you might be a attacker now because you could represent two votes?  I'd like to hope not, but, i mean, it always-- yeah, the possibility is  definitely there.  Jeff: All right, two new tribes, 11 days in in, the game has changed once  again. Coyopa, Hunahpu, head back to camp, get to know your new tribemates.  Coyopa now, Hunahpu? Coyopa now!  When i first realized that Jaclyn and i were going to be on the same tribe,  it was an extremely happy moment right when i needed it. When i was at Hunahpu,  i was on the wrong side of the numbers, so the tribe swap came at the right  time. It's a whole game changer.  Welcome home!  This is our place.  Nice.  Mi casa su casa.  Ours is probably at least double this size.  Our beach is pretty but we have no food.  We have plenty of food over there.  We don't have nothing.  Nothing?  There's, like, barely two scoops.  Twice a day, but very small portions purpose.  We were going out of control at the start, obviously. We started off and then  we just forgot about rationing.  We started with just one portion a day. We just did one a day. And it was  small. We did a small one a day.  I'd say there are two of these, and that's it.  You come to a new tribe, a new camp, and it sucks kind of, because the food  situation on this camp is hoocial. I don't know what they were thinking,  thinking they've got this much rice left, and they got another 20-something  days. We probably had more than half a bag, and they got a hand full of rice  left. It had to have been why they were winning.  I'm bummed.  But, we'll figure it out.  We eat rice, beans, and snails. This morning i wasn't on anyone's radar and i  could do whatever i wanted. And what happens? My worst nightmare-- a tribe  swap. We get Wes and Alec and Josh together on our tribe.  Hi!  How are you?  So good to see you.  Aaahh!  So all they have to do is Josh work his magic on Reed, and Reed could jump  ship. And my game is shft. They're going to go right after me, i guarantee  that.  I was hoping that maybe there would be, like, something back here, new tribe!  Here's a steak! I'm so excited about the switch, and i was excited to  actually get to play with Reed. I've been wonder what's going on with him. I  can't believe we get to do this.  It's amazing.  My relationship with Reed definitely gave me the strength to come out to my  family and to my friends. I grew up a very conservative christian. My dad was  a pastor, and so not everyone agrees with how i'm living my life.  I can't believe we're walking on the beach together.  I know.  It's amazing.  We've been together two years now, and because it's such a big commitment, we  decide we're remaining abstinnent until marriage, and it's that level of  commitment that's going to take us all the way to the end. Oh!  Welcome, everybody!  Welcome home, daughter!  My first steps on to the new Coyopa camp, it's good. I'm feeling good about  it see how much rice they have? They've got a bunch of rice.  Oh, my God. What have we been missing!  There's food here! And i was just like, "yes! We get to eat! We're down  to how many-- how many-- how many scoops of rice.  We have enough for, like, three days of rice.  I wouldn't have been happier but even more importantly, i'm on the same tribe  with Jaclyn.  I missed you.  All right, where's the well. I saw the well.  I almost cried said.  Being here with Jaclyn right now is a huge weight off my shoulders. She knows  everything that's going on in my life, especially, you know, my dad right now  is-- is dying of brain cancer. Jaclyn's been there for me every step of the  way. And i'm so excited that i can actually share some of this experience  with her. And even more excited that it seems like, you know, we can help  each other.  This happens, i needed this. I was thinking to myself i don't know how much  more of this i can handle.  I know, right. When Jon got a yellow buff, i had no idea what it means for my  individual game. It's unheard of to have someone playing with you that you  trust 100%. It's kind of crazy. So let me start from the very beginning. It  was all the guys, and then Baylor was, like, flipping back and forth. I don't  trust bail or or Josh and Baylor knows that. We have been together for three  years and we definitely know how to work together as a team. My gosh! I can  sleep with you?  I know, right.  We've just been through so much, and it's good that we have that past so we  know how to work together in this kind of situation.  I missed you!  You guys are going to hate us?  No, i love it!  I love it!  Are you kidding me? So cute. Jaclyn and Jon are in love. Un, it was kind of  like i was watching a honeymoon. I'm totally jealous. I'm sitting here  single, 20, hanging out with my mom. My mom and i are both single. Man, it's  like that time of day when you're like--  uh-huh.  My mom has made her share of mistakes. She's been marry thReed times and  divorced three times. My time will come. My mom's next time will come.  So you're a fisherman?  We're fixing to find out. Brand new tribe. It is a little-- little bit weird  being odd man out, which i don't know. I mean, it's a moment and a daughter.  It's a daddy and a daughter. And it's a guy and a girlfriend.  Brad pitt.  Yeah, give me a break! I'm much more handsome than brad pitt.  I'm kind of between a rock and a hard place. I might be by myself but, you  know, i got a little idol. As a matter of fact, it's in my boot. If all else  fails, i got the backup plan. That's always an ace in the hole.  Yeah, you're going to be hungry. You're going to lose weight. Your body is it  going to suffer but you will survive.  You should have told your brother that.  He thought he knew.  I feel pretty good about the new tribe to be honest. I feel like we have the  more athletic of the two tribes, so maybe my tribe won't suck like the last  one. I knew Drew couldn't rough it for that long. I just didn't want to tell  him. I know Drew and he was either very thirsty or very hungry or very sleep  deprived. It's day 11 and i'm fine. I feel good. I think i have proved i'm  not in my brother's shadow anymore. I outlasted him in the game. I expected  more on the of Drew than that. For the first time in my life i can say i beat  Drew.  I don't even care because--  i don't care, either.  We need him right now. I can only assume that Reed jumped ship with Josh, Wes,  and Alec, so, like, i'm hoping i can just say to Alec, just roll with us. Alec  needs to realize that he should be with us.  He's single. And he doesn't realize that Josh would backstab him and Wes if  it meant choosing between his boo.  Alec is by himself. He's a single. The couples are not going to break their  bond. He's going to be out if he sticks with Josh and Reed.  I gotta talk to this boy Alec and be like, "dude, remove yourself from a  threesome." three ameegs so no more.  Because you have Reed with them. As a firefighter we have this thing called  "surround and drown." surround and driewn is if you're fighting a  fire in a building and it gets out of control and you can't even go inside  anymore, everybody stay outside with their hoses, surround it and drown it.  That's what we need to do, we need to drown him with the water of the  singles, you know.  Either way, for people like us, which is people with singles, if the couples  even have one more over us, they're just going to take out singles one by  one.  Me, either. I'm bummed out, man.  He didn't have the heart, man.  He didn't.  You've got the heart. I'm definitely going to play Alec's ego. He just like  his brother. He's just like his brother. He's like a little Drew. But i'm  still working on him. It's surround and drown. It's not over.  All right, let's make rice!  How many of these do you put in there?  However many there are, plus two. You're going to need more, mom.  Did Baylor give you her rice scoop, Missy.  Yeah, the little one?  Yeah.  Another that's good. Give me a stick.  You want more?  Are you kidding, yes!  Okay.  They're putting five or six of those scoops in.  That does not look like enough rice, mom.  Okay, he'll telling me that i'm putting too much. He told me i did way too  much. So i'm-- i mean, i'm just going to do it my way from now on.  That does not look like enough is all.  I agree. I'll do another batch.  Guys, just make a little portion. You have one bag of rice for 39 days.  So what happened, he, like, told you, how many cups?  He was just like monitoring me. I'm like, "what?" there's a ton of  rice at this camp and Dale was, like omonitor duty about how much they had.  That's not how we did it over there. We made so much more than this.  Dale's been trying to get me off since the beginning, too.  My daughter told me that Dale has tried to vote her out pretty much the  entire time. It's hard when you hear that someone is not being nice to jur  kid. I promise you this that that's not a problem. I'm just telling you, i  mean, blood is blood. So in this experience, the only thing i want to prevent  my kid from is that guy picking on her.  One less mouth in three days. Our tribe has been doing real good about price  roois. We've still got two-third of our jug left, and then Missy comes in and  starts dishing out double helpings. I didn't know we were eating now. That  means no doubling up then.  Have more. I promise you it's fine.  I was biting my lip hard enough to draw blood because it took every bit of  self-control to walk over and slap the rice dishes out of their hands and  say, gierkses this is my camp, this is my rice, stay away from it."  i'm almost waiting for Missy and my dad to get in a battle over the rice. I,  like, see it-- i see it forming.  You want to go for a walk so you can get some fresh air? Missy plays that  sweet mom role, but she can be a bit of a diva, and my dad is a small-town,  hardworking farm man, and he doesn't deal with that kind of stuff.  We can't eat twice say day.  I know, but you just have to-- you don't want to come off, you know, like  aggressive, and you're saying what to do. I'm really happy to be playing with  my dad, but he's really set in his ways and says what's on his mind so there  are certain things that he does that i think can bother people a little bit.  I take it--  it's not worth creating that drama that--  i know, i have already picked that up from her.  In the long run, getting in a fight with someone over an extra scoop of rice,  it could get you voted out next time. I'm gog play peacemaker, i have to.  Otherwise, he will have a bull's eye on his back which will put a bull's eye  on my back.  That's good.  I hope it stays that way but i doubt it will.  It always burns off.  I feel like we're lethargic. That makes me nervous.  We have, like, 1.5 cups of rice.  I don't whan we're going to do to get more food. Food is getting dire. We're  down to a hand full of rice, a hand full of beans, and it takes its toll. I  watched season after season of this, and i'm, like, it's not going to be  good.  On our tribe, we were eating once a day. We could have gone 39 days easily  the way we were going. Here we have three days of food left? And then what?  Those vultures are eating better than us.  They're killing it out there.  I'm shocked, to be honest, that people were not smarter. There were some very  foolhardy players on this side. It's really, really frustrating. I don't know  what we're going to do.  Do you think we could throw a big rock at that flock of birds right there and  hit one?  To kill a vulture, no.  Why.  All i see is rotisserie chickens rinning around out there.  Oh, man, they stink. The juice isn't the squeeze. I promise. I promise.  We have to have food. We literally have no food left.  We might have to trade a reward for more rice, guys.  Yeah.  I don't think it's going to be that easy.  Yeah.  Whatever we've got to do, let's give Jeff something. I mean, we need it.  I feel like the last time we tried to bart wer Jeff, it kind of made us all  look a little foolish because this is not "survivor market." but if  that's what it tairkz that's what we're going to have to settle for because  we need food to be competitive.  Jeff: Come on in, guys!  Jeff: All right, you guys ready to get to your first immunity challenge as  new tribes?  Yeah.  Yes!  Jeff: First things first, i will take it pack. Thank you, Baylor.  Sure.  Jeff: Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge,  you're going to race it to dig up a back containing two keys. You will then  crawl through the mud. You'll use one of the keys to open a gate. You will  then shake a basket, releasing sandbags. Once you've collected all your  sandbags, two tribe members will attempt to land those sandbags on wobbly  platforms. First tribe to land 10 sandbags wins immunity, safe from the vote.  Losers, tribal council, where somebody will be voted out of this game. Give  you a minute to strategize. We'll get started. Here we go! For immunity!  Survivors ready? Go! First step is to find that bag containing the keys. Hunahpu  throwing a lot of sand quickly. Coyopa digging a little more conservatively.  Two new tribes, one full of loved ones, one full of singles. Which tribe is  going to work together better? That is the question.  Here you go! Here you go! Here gu! Glirks displ Hunahpu has their bag.  They're headed for the mud. Coyopa still digging. Gotta go under everything!  Everybody getting muddy! Once again, Coyopa, as a tribe, is behind. Once  everybody's at the gate, you can unlock the key. Hunahpu with a big lead. Coyopa  still looking for the bag.  Never give up.  Jeff: Hunahpu is through! Wes using the key to open the lock for Hunahpu. Coyopa  has dug up the entire pit and still can't find the ba.  Here it is!  I got a rope, anyway.  Jeff: Coyopa has the bag! They're heading for the mud! Coyopa, you better  pick it up! Hunahpu is through. Everybody get a hand on it! Everybody! Start  shaking. You're looking for 20 sandbags.  There they go!  Jeff: Hunahpu now throwing their bags everywhere. Now they've got to find  them all. Coyopa's through the mud. Hunahpu has all their bags. Coyopa, way  behind. Hunahpu two people are tossing. Now you've got to land 10 bags on the  platform. Wes tosses first for Hunahpu. Jeremy going to give it a go. He's  short. Coyopa is through the gate. Coyopa now shaking their basket. Wes with  another bag. That is two. Make it three. You need 10. You've got to shake it,  Coyopa! Back and forth. It will bend. Big move! Work together. That's how you  do it. Hunahpu with six. You would think that a tribe of loved ones would be  communicating better than a tribe of strangers. Seven for Hunahpu.  It's done! It's done! It's done! It's done!  Get the bags!  Jeff: Hunahpu now with eight. Coyopa hasn't even started tossing bags. Huge  lead. That is nine for Hunahpu. One more is all it takes. Jeremy wins  immunity for Hunahpu! This challenge is over. Not even close.  Good work!  Good job!  Jeff: Clearly loved ones working together not so effectively. Hunahpu, it  doesn't really matter who's on the tribe, the dominance continues. ( applause  ) immunity once again for Hunahpu. Nobody going thoam if are this tribe. Coyopa,  three sets of loved ones still couldn't get it done. Tribal council tonight.  Somebody from this tribe will be voted out. Grab your stuff. Head back to  camp. See you tonight at tribal.  Jeff, when you get a s.e.c., we'd like to talk to you, please?  Jeff: Sure. I got time another conversation. This is going to be good.  So we just wanted to present something to you. We're basically-- we're out of  food. And our beach is really arid, so we're looking to make a trade for a  bag of rice to sustain us.  I mean, we won today, but that was just on adrenaline. We don't have much  food in our system.  Jeff: Wes, where are you at with the rice? Are you literally out?  We got two, three scoops.  Two of this.  I wouldn't say that.  Not even that.  It's a scoop to where we got a bite full.  Big guys on the other tribe ran it down.  It was really frustrating. On Coyopa we were literally having one meal a day.  They were eating twice a day every day.  Twice a dais dayexpwhr.  Jeff: And how much were you guys eating?  One time.  Jeff: Wes, it would sound like Coyopa who is rationing well and eeght one  small helping a day, versus Hunahpu, who is eating two big portions a day.  You can make the argument that might be why they did so well in the  challenges.  Yeah. You can make that easily.  Yeah, definitely.  Jeff: So then, as a consequence, regardless who is now on the tribe, the  tribe as a whole has to now pay that invoice. That invoice will be steep.  First things first, i've got a tribal council to deal with. Sounds like you  have a little bit of rice. Enjoy that tonight. I'll see you tomorrow, and  we'll figure it out.  Thank you.  <br/>Jeff: Grab your stuff and head back to camp. Enjoy your night off.  Jeff said that he would come to our camp to discuss some sort of a trade. We  need to negotiate something in order to get more rice. But that's really  going to be heavy. That's going to hit hard. I'm not really sure what's going  to happen so i'm scared. Seems like these three couples would be gunning to  get me. That's just a free vote. They wouldn't lose none of their loved ones.  Keith would be gone. Everything would be good.  That would be a crazy one.  Anybody feel like they're back up to what they weighed before we started the  game?  But the three couples, one don't like the other, and that could be real good  for me. We'll see tonight at tribal.  I'm sorry, but i gotta just dip in.  There's only so much mud i can stand.  We've got three couples and Keith. So if you could get another couple on your  side, you control our tribe. It's as simple as that. It's four against three.   My ear!  The way Missy and Baylor both have been around camp are one of the key things  driving my vote. Missy is very pushy around camp, and Baylor's proven in the  past she'll tell somebody to vote one way and then she changes her vote at  the last minute. And that makes you nervous as hell at this stage of the  game. So we absolutely have to work with Jon and Jaclyn because they're swing  vote. Now it's scramble city. And then she swapped her vote back to Nadiya,  so all the girls voted for me.  Oh.  So she's-- so.  I don't like that.  Yeah.  It's too risky, scary.  Yeah.  Yeah, so--  but, Missy is?  Same.  That scares me, though.  At this point in time, my dad and i are definitely working on Jaclyn and Jon trying  to just make sure that they're on our side. If the whole point is to choose a  pair and that's the name of the game then i'm choosing Jon and Jaclyn. Missy  and Baylor are out.  New tribe, new game. We start from scratch now. Got your back, michigan.  We have so many couples here, it really is all about finding your couple that  you match up with. The most important thing is to be able to read a situation  and be able to say is this the best thing for me now? So i'm leaving room for  making adjustments.  Dale seems to want to be with you.  Yeah, Dale definitely does.  Dale doesn't trust Baylor.  Baylor out. I don't know we have to figure out who we're close with here.  Yeah.  We have to figure out what's going on. We have to talk to people.  Maybe get to know people better.  Yes, that's exactly what we need to do. So i don't know if you two have been  on the same side the whole time, but--  well, in the beginning it sucked because i in to go with the guys. So it  looked like i was completely against the girl which was so annoying because i  loved you. But i couldn't say anybody exwg to Jaclyn yet because i was with  the guys. So i couldn't really--  yeah.  Part of the switch, Jaclyn and i never really worked together one on one. So  this is-- this is a new ballgame with me and her for sure. So, Jaclyn, what's  the story with Dale around here? What's the vibe? What's the rub?  Well, we voted him out first. He was my first vote. Actually, he was next  out.  I hate to say this, but those two could certainly be a huge, huge, huge  threat to the end because they're smart.  I think so, too.  My mom and i put some cards on the table. Hopefully they'll choose us over Dale  and Kelley.  Okay, so, she's off to go look for an idol, i'll bet you 100 bucks.  She is so desperate.  Wow.  Okay, let's say worst case scenario, one of them find it. All we need is  three.  What makes me nervous about working with Missy and Baylor right now, just  because of Baylor's past, the basic idea is Baylor flipped on me once and she  could do it again.  It's so frustrating.  But Dale's sneaky, and i'm sure his daughter's the same way.  I think my dad and rigoing to vote Baylor.  That's what we were thinking.  And i'm not going to talk about it again today.  Missy and Baylor want us, and Kelley and Dale want us, and we both keep  telling them, "yeah, we're in."  i've got a good feeling.  If we're planning on teaming up with Dale andicle, we're voting Baylor. If  we're teaming up with Baylor and Missy we're splitting vote in case there's  an immunity idol and one of them plays it.  Talk toy me. Are we all good?  We're all good. This is a big decision tonight. It may determine what could  we will be or not be playing with later. You're going to have to vote out  somebody's loved one, and somebody's not going to be happy.  Jeff: All right, Keith, what do you make of the new tribe because you look at  the division, you have three couples and you. Did you immediately feel this  is not good for me?  Initially, yes, but some of my teammates come with me, too, so it seemed like  it was good and bad, to tell you the truth. You know where i'm getting that?  Jeff: I'm listening.  I'm telling you, Jeff. I hope it's not 6-1. If it is i've been really had.  Jeff: Well, Jaclyn, yeah, you tonight you could make it a very easy vote and  take out Keith but that's only one tribal.  Yeah.  Jeff: Two couples are going to have to gang up on one at some point.  That makes it harder because one person out of a couple goes home and you  have to maintain relationships still. So it makes it even hard they're  they're on the same tribe as us.  Jeff: Jon, now here you find yourself with seven people left, an odd number  and she the time to make a move typically is with odd numbers. Did you feel  couples scoping each other out trying to figure out what is the move?  Absolute. You can can't get somebody to align with you of if you don't have a  conversation with them. I talked to jack lip, who is my dpoifl, so that's  very helpful. I can trust someone 100%.  Jeff: Dale dyou and Kelley talk to both other couples?  Baylor and i speak very little because we've had an ongoing rocky  relationship, i guess.  Jeff: Baylor, when there are three couples and one of them, Dale and Kelley,  has friction with you, this could put you a little bit on the out.  I mean, i think since of beginning of our original tribe, me and Dale just  haven't really had a chance to get to know each other. That doesn't mean i  dislike Dale. Thins got crazy.  But at the same time, Baylor put all girls out there to vote for me and then  she swapped her vote back to align with the guys.  Jeff: Jaclyn, this could be great news for and you Jon because if Dale  andicle renot getting on with Missy and Baylor, that makes you two the couple  to go to.  It does. It definitely puts us in that, you know, kind of a good position  where we have to be really strategic on who we decide to go with and who we  vote out.  To be perfectly honest, they're the hottest couple in camp right now.  They're the hottest couple, period.  Jeff: Kelley, you see that, too, that Jon and Jaclyn, they are the couple in  the middle and they're going to decide tonight who to go with?  I think that's one way to put it. Now, obviously with my dad and Baylor not  being on the best terms i wasn't the first to go to Baylor and say, let's  link up and get an alliance going."  Jeff: What is that like to come into a tribe and find out your dad has an  issue with Baylor that is starting the game way burden?  Yeah, absolute. It's like a 50-pound backpack on there dragging us down.  Jeff: On the other side, Missy, maybe it's to Jon's and Jaclyn's advantage to  get rid of you or Baylor.  Well, i mean all that's spinning through my head right now is that momma  bear. I can't even get past the fact that Dale has basically been gunning for  my daughter the whole time without me there. I'm kind of stuck on that.  Wasn't she gunning for him first?  Yeah, i didn't go after Baylor first. She came after me first.  You know, at the end of the day, i did tell the girls maybe that's the person  we should vote out. It's the first tribal. No one knows what to do.  Jeff: Missy, what makes you think he was going after Baylor.  It's what she told me, he put my name down. It does put a huge damper between  me and Kelley. Not only is Kelley having a 50-pound backpack on her for my  kid but now she has 50 more from me because i'm going to protect my kid.  That's just a no-brainer.  Jeff: Keith, you're a dad. You have two parents who are trying to protect  their kids but in doing so may be screwing up their game.  Right. And i guess it's good for me. But i'm with Missy and with Dale. I  mean, it's blood. Somebody's going to be disappointed today. And i just hope  we can get over that hump as a tribe.  Jeff: It really does put Jaclyn and Jon's in the middle because your vote is  not enough.  Roger.  And, Jeff, the drawback to this entire scenario, blood versus water, you're  voting someone's loved one out. And it sucks. This is taking it to the next  level because if it happens tonight you go back to camp with them. There's no  way to vote somebody out and feel good if it because you're voting somebody  else's loved one out of the game.  Jeff: Okay, it is time to vote. Baylor, you're up.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol, and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave tribal  council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Baylor. Kelley. Baylor.  Kelley. Two votes Kelley, two votes Baylor. Dale. One vote Dale. Dale. We're  tied. Two votes Dale, two votes Kelley, two votes Baylor. One vote left.  Fifth person voted out of "blood vs. Water," Kelley. You need to  bring me your torch. Kelley, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  Okay.  Jeff: Well, after tonight's tribal, one question looms-- after voting out a  loved one, can you go back to camp and work together as a tribe? Grab your  torches, head back to camp. Good night.  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "survivor": Dale gambles with his fake idol.  I'm not dead until i see my name written four times.  Jeff: While Hunahpu find nothing comes without a price.  Jeff: There has never been a tribe that has needed as much help as you guys  have, and it's going to be a stiff penalty.  I almost wish i didn't play with my dad. I i think it was more of a hindrance  than a help for me. I would trade anything to be back on my old tribe and  still in the game. And for him, to not play with him at all, especially aming  into Coyopa, people are not a huge fan of him in the Coyopa tribe. So, you  know, it just did not go in my favor because of that.