<br/>Jeff: Previously on "survivor," everybody drop your buffs, we are  switching tribes. After a surprise switch, the new tribes were completely  different. On Coyopa we have three pairs of love ones, on Hunahpu we have one  pair of loved ones, Josh and Reed work a bunch of singles. The new Coyopa had  a fake idol.  It's in the an idol, but it could be useful some day.  Jeff: A real idol and a new power couple.  They both want us. It's kind of crazy.  Jeff: Over at the new Hunahpu, Jeremy, Natalie and Julie were worried about  losing their ally Reed.  All they have to do is Josh works his magic on Reed and Reed could jump ship.   Jeff: To make matters worse, everyone was starving.  I wonder what we're going to do to get more food.  We're down to just handful of rice.  Jeff: Jeremy wins immunity for Hunahpu. And after they won the immunity  challenge, Hunahpu made a desperate plea. We're out of food. We're looking  the trade for a bag of rice to sustain us.  Jeff: That invoice will be steep. I have a tribal council to deal with. I'll  see you tomorrow and we'll figure it out.  We have to figure out who we're close to.  Jeff: John and Jaclyn had to choose between two couples.  Dale's sneaky. I'm sure his daughter is the same way. They flipped on me  once. Swref Jeff in tribal council, they decided to stick with Missy and Baylor,  sending home Dale's daughter Kelley. Kelley, the tribe has spoken. 13 are  left. Who will be voted out tonight.  Tribal is probably as bad as it could get. For me it was obviously very  upsetting because you see complete strangers slaughter you daughter in front  of your eyes. And there's nothing you can do about it. It was the roughest  thing i've ever watched my daughter go through, and i don't think there's any  father that could be more proud of a daughter than i am of Kelley. It's  tough. I'm not going to give up until i can't talk anymore.  Hi. -good morning.  How are you?  I'm going to make some breakfast.  Just reading the votes last night, i know who's next, me. I have to do  something drastic to make sure i don't go home. I'm not dead until i see my  name written four times.  It's an idol.  What?  So just so you know, next vote...  The idol is not a true idol.  I just took it on first day here.  They don't know it's not. But they're going to spend a couple restless nights  thinking it is.  So i won't be going home next time.  Doesn't look like it.  This morning Dale showed me an immunity idol. If we lose in the next immunity  challenge, the idol potentially could ruin our plan, and that really scares  me.  That's going to ruin our plan.  I think that's going to.  It's miserable tonight. The fire goes out, we can't cook. We'll be in  trouble.  After we won the immunity challenge yesterday, Reed asked Jeff if we could  make a trade for rice. If you're trading something for rice, Jeff's going to  clean you out. I'm not having that. Come on, guys. Suck it up. We can win a  reward tomorrow. We can have a feast tomorrow. Why you all so hungry over a  little bit of rice. Like it's just mining boggling to me.  Oh, my goodness.  Oh, my God.  Hi, Jeff.  What's up, Jeff?  Hi.  Jeff: Let's gather around and have a chat.  Oh, gosh. I'm scared.  Jeff: What are you scared about, Julie?  I'm just scared about whatever's about to go down.  Jeff: Well, how much rice do you have right now?  You want me to show you?  One little cup like this.  Not even... It's pretty depressing.  It would be like a teaspoon each.  Jeff: So you're down to handful of rice left. When you think about how many  times we've done this adventure, i can only think of one other time that  somebody's needed their rice replenished. That was back in australia, and  that was due to a lot of other hardships. Reed, what does that say about this  tribe?  Um, there are too many cooks in the kitchen, and they all want to use too  much rice.  Jeff: Sounds like there were too many patrons in the kitchen.  That's true. We had some dominant personalities that keep eating. You don't  want to necessarily stand up and put a target on your back and live to regret  it, which we are right now. Jeff swref so, jack kevorkian, kevorkian, --.  Jeff: So, Josh, you are doing everything right on you tribe. We switch it up  and you're on a tribe with very little left. What does that feel like for  you?  It's very hard because we get to this tribe because it's like, oh, we don't  have food. We haven't been eating much anyway. Now we don't have anything. I  felt so weak.  I want to be like, hey, guys, what the hell.  It's not like you guys were coming down here and stopping us.  Jeff: I got to say, there has never been a tribe, in the history of  "survivor," that has needed as much help as you guys have and only  14 days in. First you lose flingt, you lose fire and have you trade your  entire fishing reward to get a new win, and now you're completely out of rice  and you need help again. And it's not lost on me that the disproportionate  amount of food that you have had is probably a big part of the reason that  you have dominated in this game so far and the challenges. So in fairness of  the game and in fairness to the Coyopa tribe, who is playing the way you  should, the penalty for that has to be just, so i have enough rice to last  you the rest of the game, but it's going to be a stiff penalty. Here's what i  want: Your tarp, your hammock, your bed roll, the pillow, the blanket, the  candles, everything you won in the comfort reward, the hatchet, the hammer,  one of the pots and the extra flint. That's going the leave you with a  machete, a pot and a flint. You are starting over.  Jeff took away our comfort and our tools and one of our pots, which i feel  like is all worth it.  Extra flint.  They're all happy. Like i'm pissed. You know he just took all our stuff, yo?  Why you all happy? It's so frustrating.  We gave all of our comfort back. It really sucks. Our tarp being gone is a  really big deal to me. I don't know if it is to everyone else as much as it  is to me. I just know how i am. I'm very worried about the rain. Being cold  is really going to test me.  Jeff: All right.  Thank you, Jeff.  Jeff: Good luck, guys.  Thank you so much.  Thank you, Jeff.  Jeff: Hope it doesn't rain.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Hunahpu getting your first look at the new Coyopa  tribe. Kelley voted out at the last tribal council.  Kelley? Oh, my God.  Jeff: All right. You guys ready to get to your next reward challenge?  Yes.  Yeah.  Jeff: For today's challenge, one person from each tribe will be blind folded.  You'll race through a series of obstacles to a station where you will find a  mask. You will study it using your fingers. You'll then untie bags of puzzle  pieces, head back to a second station where you will use those pieces to  recreate the massning. To throw you off there are dummy pieces that will feel  similar but won't be quite right. First person to get it right wins reward.  Want to know what you're playing for?  Yes.  Jeff: Think you're going to like it.  Oh, my God.  Oh, my gosh, oh, my gosh.  Jeff: A "survivor" barbecue. You got the grill, everything you need  to light it up and the meat. Worth playing for?  Uh, yeah.  Jeff: All right. Since the switch we no longer have any fresh blood versus  water matchups. That means today you can put up your strongest competitor.  Who do you think is best suited for this challenge?  Are you comfortable with that?  Jeff: Who will run for Hunahpu?  That will be me, geoff notkin Reed going to run. Coyopa, who is going to run?   Me.  Jeff: Baylor versus Reed. Winner wins reward for their tribe. Loser goes to Exile  Island. Take a spotment we'll get started. Here we go. For reward, it is Reed  versus Baylor. Survivors ready? Go. Reed bumps hard into that first obstacle,  but it doesn't slow him down. Baylor really taking her time. Baylor through  the obstacle. Reed at first station. He's got his first bag and he's now  starting to feel that puzzle. Baylor has a different strategy. She's just  going to get the bag and head back. You're going to have to get all three  bags at some point. It's just matter of in what order you collect them. Reed back.  Baylor back at her puzzle table. Reed heading back for another look. Your  tribe mates will be able to tell what's happening, but they can't say  anything. You are on your own. Maybe the biggest reward thus far on the line.  A lot of meat. Baylor has her second bag. She's heading back. Reed has his  second bag. He's heading back. Reed flies through this obstacle course. Baylor  with a smack to the head. Baylor heading back for her third bag. Reed studying  his pieces. Two very different strategies. Reed heading back for his third  bag. Baylor with that third bag.  Ouch.  Jeff: A lot of heads bopping into poles. Reed has his third bag. Baylor  heading back with her third bag. Baylor has all the pieces she needs. Now she  can start working on trying to recreate that mask. Reed has all the pieces  now. Now the fun starts. Using only your fingers, you have to remember the  shapes. Reed starting to work on his puzzle. There are seven pieces total  that you need, but there are a lot more than that in those bags. That's the  problem. If you could see, you'd know the dummy pieces are red. If only you  could see. Huge reward on the line. Reed has two pieces in his mask. Baylor  has one. Reed places a third piece in his mask. Just because it's in there,  doesn't mean it's right. Reed places a fourth piece. Baylor places another  piece in her mask. Reed places another piece. Baylor only has two in her  mask. She has five left. Reed down to one piece left... If he's right.  If he's right, Jeff.  Jeff: Baylor still struggling to make any progress.  I don't know about you.  Jeff: Reed going to swap a piece out, starting to second guess. Is he right?  Jeff, is this it?  Jeff: Reed thinks he has it. Reed is right. Reed wins reward for his tribe!  Chicken and steak skewers. Here come the tears.  You did it. You did it! You did it, baby.  Wow, Reed, that was impressive.  Jeff: Reed, why the instant tears?  That's stressful. I'm so hungry.  Jeff: How are you doing, Baylor?  Everybody's hungry, so it's just getting punched back into you, oh, shoot, i  couldn't do it.  Jeff: So you feel like you let your tribe down? Reed, come on over.  Reed.  Jeff: Bay already's going to Exile Island. You now have to choose somebody  from your tribe to join her, so chances are very good that whoever you send  to exile will not get to take part in eating this reward.  I've been giving this a lot of thought, and i just feel like since we're  doing so great out here, Julie has been doing is great out here, it would  show Jon a chance how much she can deal. With  i was going to volunteer.  Jeff: Interesting. You want Julie and Natalie's offering to go.  I know Julie has...  I have, but everybody else has, too.  I haven't.  Jeff: All right, Reed. You have one person you want to send and one person  who wants to go.  Quite frankly, if Natalie wants to go so badly, i'm not going to stop her,  so, Natalie, suit up.  Thank you, Natalie.  Good job, Reed.  Jeff: Natalie, Baylor, you will head to Exile Island. You will return in time  for the next immunity challenge.  Thank you, Natalie. Love you, bay.  Bye.  Jeff: Hunahpu, you're dominant in this game. Congratulations. Grab your  stuff. Head back the camp. Have a nice afternoon. Coyopa, seems like i'm  always saying the same thing. Got nothing for you. Grab your stuff, head back  for camp.  Baylor is in very good hands. Natalie said i'll go to exile. I know that i  have Natalie. I know she's with me. And i think it will be super beneficial.  The fish, they're biting, but i think they're too little. I can't catch them  they're so little. They're nibbling, and then they're getting my bait every  time.  So Missy, Natalie...  She's totally with me. There's in way she would have gone.  This morning Dale showed me an immunity idol.  Get out.  Yeah, so...  That's so bad.  So if we don't win next immunity challenge, we could actually take Dale and  use him to vote Keith out.  So today Dale decides to show John that he has an idol. That puts a little  wrinkle in the plan.  I don't see how Keith can stay around. I want him to, but i don't see how  it's going to happen.  I don't know.  Me making this move to volunteer to go to exile, once i merge this will prove  to Missy and Baylor, listen, we need the take care of Natalie if she's not  taken care of.  There's an idol hidden back at your camp. It's up to you whether you share  this information with anyone else.  By lore has the immunity idol. She showed it to me. I didn't ask her. She  showed it to me.  Something buried from the flag.  Getting information from Baylor i feel like long term is way more important  to me right now than some food reward. I need to find that idol over there.  Between me and Jeremy, we need the find the idol at our camp. That would be  awesome to have.  Then we could run with it.  Yeah.  Me, Jeremy and Julie, we're on the chopping block now. Long term, whatever Baylor  says i'm listening to because Missy i trust, so if i can trust Missy, i can  trust Baylor.  You guys, we are going to eat tonight.  Reed, you are the man.  I'm so proud of Reed for pulling it out. We came back with eight shish  kebabs, a barbecue pit. I'm like, yep, that's my guy, he did that.  Thank you for providing for our tribe.  I'm just so excited that we're going to eat food.  Josh and Reed, they walk by like they own the place. And then they're all  lovey-dovey with each other. If Val was here, we would be so separate that  you would think we don't like each other at all, and that's what you're  supposed to do, but these two hugging and kissing, that's a threat.  These are good kebabs.  They really are.  Eight shish kebabs.  Is there anyone who prefers chicken over steak?  Hunahpu.  I'm a meat collector. I eat meat a lot. It was ridiculous. My skirt was blown  up.  Oh, my gosh, it's beef.  Oh, my God. This is spectacular.  We just had a feast, but we didn't have our tarp anymore because the  brainiacs wanted to give that away. If we just left it for another day, we  would have had a full meal. Like they're so dumb.  The chill factor just went up.  Give me an article of clothing that you want to stay dry.  I can't believe how much the temperature changed.  It got cold, right?  Of course the day we give up our tarp it rains.  Guys, there doesn't look like a break in these clouds. I feel like this is  going to be for a while.  Dang, it's coming down. [thundering]  oh, my God.  I can't be wet all night. I can't.  Julie, Julie, Julie. This is a bad situation. Crying. Ready to go home.  I don't know if i can do this. I can't do this all night. I can't.  If Julie quits, like i wouldn't know what to do. I'm dying for numbers, but  if she has to go, i need her to go before i go, you know what i mean? So i  can make this merge and i can make some magic happen.  Don't let it break you. It's going to be a nice sunny day today.  I can't sleep another night like that. I can't.  I know. Don't let 'em see you like this. All right. Keep it together. Keep it  together. All right. Be good. Be good. We're past that bad night.  I don't think so. I think it's going to be every night for a while, and i  just can't handle it, man.  Jeremy was checking on me this morning. He keeps telling me, you know, hang  in there, i need you. He is here to protect me. I'm here to protect him.  I need you here. I need you. We're almost at the merge.  All right.  Last night was pretty hard. It was the hardest night of my life. I thought  about it a million times. You know, you're in hard situation. You can jump  ship at any time. But i'm sitting here right now. That speaks volumes to me  and it says a lot.  This is "survivor." you signed up for this. Go home.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. We'll now bring in Natalie and Baylor returning from Exile  Island. [applause]  Baylor.  Jeff: All right. You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yeah.  Jeff: First things first, Julie. I will take it back. Once again immunity is  back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're going to race up and over a  tall wall. You will then work together to push a large wooden cube through a  series of posts. At each post you'll grab a bag of puzzle pieces. Once you've  collected all three bags, two tribe members will use the scrolls inside to  solve a flag puzzle. First tribe to get it right wins immunity, safe from the  vote. Losers, you know the drill. Tribal council, somebody voted out of this  game. Hunahpu, you have one extra member. Who are you going to sit out?  Either Julie or me.  I would say Julie.  That's fine. I'll sit out.  Jeff: Julie, you're going to sit this one out. Take a spot on the bench.  Everyone else take a minute to strategize. We'll get started. All right. Here  we go. For immunity, survivors ready? Go! Everybody's got to get up and over  on day 15. That ten-foot wall looks a whole lot taller. Hunahpu is over.  They're starting to move their cube. That cube weighs a lot.  One, two, three, go.  All right, guys, you got it. You're ahead.  Keep rolling, keep rolling.  Jeff: Coyopa's over. They're moving their cube.  Go!  Come on, guys, you got it.  Jeff: Now you got to get up and get that first bag. Jeremy heading up for Hunahpu.  Can't untie it. You're swinging it.  Swing it.  Jeff: Jon working on first bag for Coyopa. Jon starting to get a rhythm  there.  Go, go, go!  Jeff: Coyopa has their first bag.  Go.  One more, one more, one more.  Jeff: Jeremy has the first bag for Hunahpu. We are dead even early in this  challenge.  There you go.  Go, go, go, Jon, go.  Jeff: Jon heading up for the second bag.  Push, pushing push.  Jeff: Jeremy heading back up for Hunahpu. Jon with a really good rhythm on  swinging that bag. Coyopa has their second bag. They're moving on to their  third and final bag.  Yes, Jeremy.  Jeff: Jeremy is stuck. He's hung up. Big setback for Hunahpu. They are used  to winning, and right now they are trailing.  Swing it back, Jeremy.  Jeff: Coyopa now heading up for their third bag.  Careful.  Jeff: Jeremy still stuck.  Yeah, do that.  Jeff: He's got it. Jeremy got some time to catch up now for Hunahpu.  Grab it.  Jeff: Coyopa has their third bag. Start working on the puzzle. Hunahpu has  their second bag. It is Jon and Missy working on the puzzle for Coyopa. Hunahpu  still looking for that third bag. They're wearing down.  Jump up there.  Jeff: Wes now going up. Jon thinks he has the first piece.  Good job, you guys. Come on, Jon. Get that corner.  Jeff: Jon has first piece up for Coyopa.  All right. Let's go.  Jeff: Hunahpu has their third bag. It is Reed and Josh going to solve the  puzzle for Hunahpu.  That's it, that's it, that's it.  Jeff: Missy and Jon working together well. He's got the second piece. Eight  pieces total.  Let's go.  I think that's out.  Jeff: Josh and Reed need to pick it up quickly or this could be over. Jon has  a third piece up.  Yeah, yeah, yeah, big Jon. Who's big Jon now!  Jeff: The tribe that has dominated this entire game might be in trouble for  one of the first times.  We got the move guys. Let's go.  Jeff: Jon moving on the fourth piece-Coyopa. It's not right. He's got to  bring it back. Josh has first piece.  Good job. Yes! That's it.  Jeff: Coyopa on their fourth piece. No. That's not right either. Coyopa's  lead is slipping away. Josh has the third piece for Hunahpu.  Good job.  Jon and Missy wrong again. Coyopa struggling to find the right piece. Josh  now with the fourth piece. Hunahpu now in the lead.  Wait, wait, wait.  Jeff: Coyopa led this entire challenge, but it's fallen apart at the final  stage with the puzzle. Hunahpu has five. Coyopa only has three.  There you go. That's it.  Let's gosh, Jon.  Jeff: Josh with another piece for Hunahpu. Hunahpu opening up the lead now.  There you go.  Jeff: Jon with another piece for Coyopa. He's got to move.  Yep, yep, yep.  Jeff: Reed working on the seventh piece for Hunahpu.  Go put it up there.  Jeff: This would be a huge comeback for Hunahpu.  Let's gosh, Jon, baby, let's go.  Jeff: Reed has the seventh piece. Josh with the final piece for Hunahpu.  Hurry, hurry, hurry. We're there. Just like that.  Jeff: Do they have it right? They do! Hunahpu wins immunity once again!  Yeah, yeah!  We had that. Damn, we had it.  Good job. I love you.  Jeff: Hunahpu, once again immunity is yours. The dominance continues.  [applause] all right, Hunahpu, no tribal council. Nobody from this group  going home. Grab your stuff. Head back the camp. Congrats.  Good job, guys.  Good job, guys.  Jeff: Coyopa, who connects plain the feeling -- who can explain the feeling  right now?  What happens tonight hurts worse than this. We've all suffered losses at  different time, but this is a loss where somebody's loved one is going home.  Jeff: All right. Coyopa, once again you're heading back the camp trying to  figure out what you're going to do tonight at tribal. Grab your stuff, head  back. See you tonight at tribal council.  Nice teamwork, everybody.  That was brutal. We can't catch a break. What do you do? Heck, we were there  today.  Emotionally being tired is why we're getting our butts kicked.  It is frustrating. But now my job is to get Dale out of there and get to the  merge where i can reunite with Wesley and we're going to have a strong pact  then.  Is it a good time to take a nap?  Yes. You lie down. You deserve it.  I got my back-up plan. It's great having that idol. You can always pull that  idol out. I don't want to, but you always can. That's the luxury of having  it.  What?  I don't want the play my idol tonight. It's nice to have it at the merge. But  i'm willing to make a sacrifice the make sure i make the merge.  Okay.  If i'm not voted out tonight, as soon as the vote is cast and the torches are  put out, i'll give you many i idol. Make sure i make the merge.  Right now i'm one guy against the tribe of five. So i sat down with Jon right  away and toll him if i did not get voted out tonight, i'd give him my idol.  I'm sure the idol is not real. So playing that idol would not benefit me one  bit. Right now i'm bartering that idol for votes. I'll give you the idol  before i walk out. Tonight at tribal with Jon, Jaclyn, myself, we're going to  vote Missy out. Missy has got the most ties back in the previous camp. I  guarantee you.  Dale said if he doesn't go home tonight, he will give me his immunity idol.  It's very tempting to take that offer, but you can't just get hung up on  small detailing right? And i have to consider all the pieces of this puzzle.  So he said, i don't want to go home tonight, so if i stay, i will give you my  idol.  The four of us have to get further.  I know.  The only way to do that is to get rid of him. So three Dale, two Keith.  All right.  Just in case Dale has this idol, we're going to have three people vote Dale  and Baylor andry going to vote Keith. If he plays his idol, Keith goes home.  I'd sad about that, but better Keith than me and Baylor.  The alliance will be me and you with an idol.  Do you think he has it honestly?  I really do think it's real. Jaclyn and i once again find ourselves in the  middle. There are options here. One, we could vote for Dale. We could take  out Keith. Or we could vote for Missy. I feel like the best option here is to  actually align with Dale and use that idol for the alliance's advantage. But  the biggest thing that i need to do for this vote is line myself up so when  the merge happens, Jaclyn and i are a power couple.  Jeff: Dale, today after the challenge, you said tonight's vote would be  harder than losing the challenge because you're voting somebody's loved one  out.  Yeah. I know first hand how that is. It hits you like a ton of bricks. Since Kelley  left, i might have had maybe three hours' sleep. The physical part of the  game is fun. It's the extra 23 hours of the day that's draining.  Jeff: Jon, do you feel that same way?  I absolutely, definitely agree. I agree. The howler monkeys agree.  Jeff: Baylor, you were on Exile Island. What was that night like for you?  Literally you feel like a lost kid in a grocery store when you're a little  kid and you can't find your parents. It's scary and tough and you don't know  if you'll make it.  Jeff: Missy, it's got to be hard to hear your daughter say, "i felt like  a little kid lost in the store without my mom."  yeah, it's tough. It's that moment of i wasn't there for her, i wasn't there.   Jeff: Baylor, what's happening with you?  When she cries, i cry. When my dad cries, i cry. It's just like a family  crying.  Jeff: She wasn't even crying.  But she was about. To when she starts, i just bawl. It's not fair.  Jeff: What is that about? Because this is so unusual to have loved ones out  here. And it clearly changes the game completely.  Yeah. I think it's just knowing that you have somebody that will always love  you no matter what.  Jeff: So, Dale, how is tonight's vote different for you since Kelley is gone?   My game went from having a long-term strategy. Now it's about a 12-hour  strategy.  Jeff: Jon, did you feel that today? Did you feel Dale was saying, i'm live.  Use me if you want.  Yeah, you know, actually, Dale and i talked. That's actually what he said  was, you know, i'm ready to do what it takes to move forward in this game for  my play, so i definitely felt that.  Jeff: Jaclyn, if indeed you two are in the middle again and having somebody  come to you and say, look, use me, i'm a free vote, it has to be very  tantalizing.  Yeah, i mean, it was kind of nice to get a different viewpoint on things.  Jeff: Missy, that's not good for you.  No, that's not good for me or Baylor actually. It's a little disconcerting  altogether.  But at the same time, Jeff, from my standpoint, i have to put my entire faith  in the exact same people that just voted my daughter out. That's my only  choice in the game now. Basically it's about the only thing i have to offer  is i'm loyal. I'm all by myself, a lone vote, and i don't have any ties to  anybody in the game.  Jeff: Baylor, a lone vote can be very Valuable.  I feel like Jon and Jaclyn are very loyal people, but i'm more loyal than Dale,  and that's the only thing i can say.  Jeff: Dale, your jays are gigantic.  It's very similar prime minister -- simple. I like Baylor but she needs to go  up to her game.  Jeff: So Dale is saying, go back the day one and remember who has been there.   It's very hard. One person never did anything wrong to me and another person  did flip on me. It's outweighing two different things.  Jeff: Jon, that's got to influence your decision, hearing about all this  stuff that happened early on.  It definitely influences my decision. We're coming to the merge. I need to  know who is going to be with me, who can i trust long term? And that's what  tonight's vote is all about.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Keith, you're up. I'll go tally the  votes. The anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want the play it, now  would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are read, the decision is  final. Person voted out will be asked the leave the tribal council area  immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Dale. Keith. Missy. That's one  vote Dale, would be vote Missy, one vote Keith. Keith. That's two votes Keith.  Dale. We're tied, two votes Dale, two votes Keith, one vote Missy. One vote  left. Sixth person voted out of blood versus water, Dale. You need to bring  me your torch. Dale, the tribe has spoken. Well, you said it was the biggest  vote thus far, and it was centered around loyalty. The question that time  will answer is: Did you make the right decision? Grab your torches. Head back  the camp. Good night. Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "survivor"... Blood and water finally merge.  Everybody knows now it's game on.  Jeff: And nobody is safe.  Thank you so much for helping me. Now i have to vote you out.  They're going to be coming after every one of us.  If we take him out, it's over. ly go out swinging and fighting.  I did everything i possibly can starting as soon as i woke up this morning,  and i thought i had my bases covered. John and Jaclyn did the same to me as  they did to Kelley. I tried everything i could, but it was an uphill battle  today. This game was everything and more than i ever expected it would be. I  can't wait to talk to Kelley. Listening -- a long talk tonight.