<br/>Jeff: Previously on "survivor": Hunahpu was starving.  We're down to just, like, a hand full of rice.  Jeff: And decided to trade nearly everything for a bag of rice. I want your  tarp, pillowes, blankets, you are starting over. And no one felt it more than  Julie.  I can't do this all night. I can't. Last night was the hardest night of my  life.  Reporter:  Jeff: But despite losing everything-- do they have it right? Hunahpu won the  immunity challenge. They do. Hunahpu wins once again.  We can't catch a break. It is frustrating.  Jeff: Back at camp, Dale was in trouble and hoped his fake immunity idol  could keep him in the game.  If i'm not voted out tonight, i'll give you my idol.  Dude.  Right now i'm bartering that idol for votes.  Jeff: Worried that the idol was real, the majority alliance decided to split  the vote between Dale and their ally, Keith.  Three votes Dale two Keith.  I'm sad about that, but better Keith than me.  Jeff: And at tribal council-- Keith. Keith was shocked to get votes. But in  the end, it was Dale who was sent home. Dale, you need to bring me your  torch. Dale, the tribe has spoken. Leaving Keith confused and in the dark. 12  are left. Who will be voted out tonight?  Last night, we voted Dale out, but there had been so much paranoia and talk  of him having an idol, we decided Baylor and i would write Keith, but i knew  it wasn't going to sit pretty. No one likes to have their name written down. Keith,  i want to talk about last night. I feel like i kept something from you, and  if you were in the same position as me and you had Wes over here and i was by  myself, and you thought there was even a shot that Dale was going to show up  with an idol, i was trying to flush it. Because i didn't want him to send her  home. And i i didn't want to go home but i wasn't sure the who heck he was  going to put down.  You could have let me know. When i saw my name come up twice at tribal i  said, "what in the world?" are you kidding me? My name wasn't in  the plan. Dimiss the memo? What if Dale would have vote for me. It would have  been 3-3.  We would have done a revote and we all would have voted for Dale.  Dale was always who we wanted to go home.  More lying. I mean, we don't have to lie.  I know.  Every other breath we don't have to lie.  I'm telling you, you were a big part of this.  I think we could make this happen but when stuff like that happens, it makes  you feel like i ain't too sure. It was Missy and Baylor that voted for me and  they give me some lame excuse. Well, i need somebody that stays loyal. I'm  done with you all. I'll leave you hanging high and dry.  We got tree mail!  Oh, my God. "gather your Valuable belongs and follow the map to the  headland trail. Continue to the top of the hill where you will receive  further instructions. Upon.  Merge.  We made it guys.  Let's pack up.  That's crazy. We.  We got our tree mail that basically said we were merged. It was a mixed  emotion feeling at that point because we needed to get rid of Jeremy, and we  didn't do it when we had the chance because we have not gone to tribal with  this full tribe. Now it makes it a little more precarious to get Jeremy out,  but we can to this.  Alex and Wes are totally on board with us, and Keith would easily come over.  That's five.  In this game i say you have ups and downs and ups and downs. I was down.  We're merging, boyses.  Time to run the game.  Yeah.  And at Hunahpu, Reed and Josh were in charge. And they ran it. And i took a  backseat, and that's all right. You know, you guys have your fun.  Let's do this. But it's merge time. Now it's time to vote, and i want to  crush them. Captioning sponsored by survivor productions, cbs gather your Valuable  belongings and follow this map to the headland trail."  oh, my God! We're merging.  I don't want to leave.  Merge!  We got tree mail and it said, "pack your things. We are merging."  nobody wants to date somebody that doesn't make it to the merge. We can still  date each other because we still want to--  i'm excited. It's a milestone for me and Jon to make the merge together. We  never thought this would have happened.  Good-bye, Coyopa.  And now here we are both going into it day 16 of the merge, once we get to  the other side we'll feel it out because we are definitely keeping our  options open.  Coming into the merge, it's a whole new chapter. You're all coming back  together. You're trying to figure out what still stands and what disspated  and there's this blood versus water element. You have a natural alliance  built in that is so apparent, and you have people who don't have their loved  ones in the game anymore so it will be two interesting to see what happens. (  cheers )  food!  I love food!  Guys, this is totally worth all the suffering.  I'm dying right now! &gt; having absolutely nothing for 16 days and then  seeing this giant feast waiting, and it's got cheese and trail mix and booze  and lobster and shrimp and it's awesome! Sweet!  Congratulations on making it to the merge, guys.  Such a milestone, making the merge. Literally and mentally.  On our previous tribe, we just had one couple and that was Reed and Josh.  That was a little annoying, you know, kind of seeing them having their  lovers' vacay. Now we are merged and have multiple loved one together and  it's really tough on me because i miss my boyfriend John. I kind of want to  separate myself from the group and go cry a little bit.  "congratulations, you are merged. Enjoy your celebration then head your  new home, the former Coyopa camp. The game continues."  yay!  Yay.  We're going green, guys.  That feast was the number one highlight of this game so far. Everything was  great. We had to take all the food left home tow we could have a feast  tomorrow, too.  I'm taking all of this.  Yeah, Julie, good call.  I'm excited to play with Wes. It's been 16 days, and yeah it was good to see  him.  When she was born, i was, like, divorced.  I could care less about Missy and Baylor.  I need two more guys over here on this.  The game all of a sudden slike, speeding. Because you're doing so much,  you're going through exhaustion. You're going through just mental mind  craziness. And then to add on to all that, the elements out here. It's not  easy.  Are you good?  But now we're merged. And it's a little daunting with so many people, and  it's a little scary, and it's a little uncomfortable because this is where  you make or break if you're going to have the numbers for the rest of this  game.  Welcome home, guys.  We're each other's loved ones.  The merge is a milestone, but i think even more than that, this is where the  game starts. Like, the first half of the game is those are prelimbs, you  know. This is the total different level of play. Like, we have to all step  our games out.  How are you doing?  Everything good?  Yeah, these days are tough, to see everybody with their person.  I know, right.  It makes it so--  it hurts.  It ain't right. It ain't right at all.  Just know whatever you're feeling, i've got the same thing.  Yeah. The only way i'm going to continue on in this case game is if i can  keep numbers so i have myself, nat, always Julie. Julie's just our number.  Now i need to get two couples, Jon-Jaclyn, and Missy and Baylor. What's the  deal? What have you got over here?  Obviously, Missy and us are still cool.  Good.  But Wes is down with?  Josh.  And Josh is running everything.  Yeah.  Josh is on his game right now. As soon as i got here, there were a few people  i wanted to talk to, but Jon was number one on the list.  So we got the four that were here right.  Yeah.  At least. And then at least you and Natalie and Julie.  Yeah.  So we have seven. So so we vote Josh.  The first vibe i got from Jon was a good job. He has Jaclyn. I said we're  good. We're back together. We're movinged for.  Okay, what's happening?  So we're good.  Okay, good.  We have nate, Julie, you, Baylor, and we've still got Jon and Jaclyn. So  we've got seven.  Yeah, yeah.  We're good. I know we're good.  We've been that way since the beginning. I'm glad to have you back!  Missy's been with me since day one. I know i have Missy and Missy will bring Baylor.  We have seven. That's all we need.  We need to come up with another tribe name.  Huopa.  A combination of the tribes.  Huopa.  Alliances are crazy right now, and there's a lot of mayhem and a love talking  going on. I think Jeremy's been talking to everyone. He's just trying to  gather his troops around because he knows it could be the couples.  Hashtag huoyopa.  Huoyopa.  The goal is to make sure Jeremy doesn't get the numbers before we get the  numbers. Because because if not, i'm screwed.  All right. That was a good one.  Yes, it was.  Happy birthday.  Thank you, Josh. First person to tell me that. And i've been talking to him  all morning.  It's Wesley's birthday today. As a matter of fact i woke up this morning and  forgot all about it and Josh wished him happy birthday before i did. Here you  go, happy birthday. Roasted you a crab.  You got one for real.  Don't ever say your dad didn't provide for you.  Enjoy your crab in nicaragua. I did forget for a minute, but no big deal, i  did remember and wished him a happy expwgd everything is good, happy birthday  right here on the beach.  Just don't understand how people are not seeing what Jeremy is doing.  I give him props because he's doing a great job. You know what i mean?  There are four people who are singles, and eight people who are couples. So  i'm thinking, why don't we stick together as couples and be able to get down  to numbers with the people we love.  I'm gonna guilty on Baylor today.  Okay.  She really does owe me one, like, and i'm gonna call her out on the fact that  we've had an alliance from the beginning.  Yeah.  Right now, my tightest alliance is me and Reed, Alec, Wes, and Keith. But  that's still five. We need at least seven. So i think i can still get Baylor  to vote with me because i did save her once. And Missy is going to transfer  with Baylor to me.  I'm excited to see you.  Dude, me, too.  Are we still good?  As far as i know.  What do you mean?  Yeah. I mean--  okay. Oh, my God, your hair.  I know.  I love it.  And with you we have the numbers.  Oh, dang. It's difficult because my mom has a bunch of alliances. I only have  one strong one with Josh. And and she's with Jon, Jaclyn, Jeremy, Natalie.  And being aligned with Josh still is really difficult for me right now.  We're gonna have to have four couples. You don't want to side with the single  players because then you're going to be targeted.  Starting out the game, me and Josh immediately aligned. And he pretty much  protected me. That's what's hardest for me is being like, thank you so much  for helping me. Now i have to vote you out. I need to digest and come back to  life and i'm going to get back in with life and you.  No, no, totally, just want you to know i still have your back. I chatted with  barely and i'm like i saved your life now we come over here and you're going  to ignore that completely? I i honestly, was a little hurt.  It feels sketchy?  Yes, very sketchy.  That's because she's here with Missy.  I know, but it's our only case right now.  Exactly.  Josh came up to me already and he he was like. Are we good? And i said as far  as i know. He said me and you. That's going to really make me sad. I'm going  to have to have a conversation Josh, mom. He said i have your back. Me and  Reed have your back. Shoot.  You're going to have to be a little bit phony.  I know i'm going to have to be phony but i want to make sure he will respect  me in the end for voting him out.  He will respect you as a player when you blindside him. Just say i was with  my mom.  You and him are equal but you're my mom and i'm going to go with you,ob.  Baylor is 20, and sometimes she acts like she's 30, and sometimes she acts  like she's 10. She has this need to please. But she's going to have to figure  out how to handle her heart because she does have a sweetheart, when it comes  down to voting Reed or Josh out. Okay, you have to do what i said because  i've already talked to Jeremy and he and i are still like that, like we were  at the beginning.  Okay.  Baylor-- Baylor, we have the bers and Josh know knows and and Josh is  freaking out.  It doesn't matter. It's a game. Suck it up. Just smile, and be like,  "oh, yeah, that sounds great. I'll talk to my mom." okay. But just  smile to everybody right now.  I know she respects me, but the difference to me is she's coming to me and  asking me questions and it feels pretty good. It's like, okay, yeah, i've  made some bad decisions in my life and she had to stand by and watch them and  i feel pretty crappy about that. No mom is proud to be divorced one, two, or  three times and especially having to have your kid watch you go through it.  But i get to redeem myself and she's watching it. She's back to being my kid  and she's listening to me. I'm like trust me on this. Follow my lead. Get in  the back seat and let me drive. We're going to head down this path and we'll  be fine but you have to listen to me.  I feel like the time that bail office away from me, that she really got under  her mom's influence in diverting her away from myself and Reed so now i have  no other option. Besides Jon and Jaclyn, we have to make a play for these  people or we will be out of the numbers.  I think that looks really good. That is really cool. I like the colors.  Hey, you guys can i just say something to you.  Yes.  Reed and i really would love to work with you guys. We feel like getting in  bed with Jeremy, i think he is gonna be the strongest competitor. He's the  one working with the most. He's the one talking to. And--  yeah.  You know what i mean and so just in a perspective thing, who do you think  they're going to give a million dollars to, two broadway guys who are very  successful or a fireman who has two kids?  I know.  So that's my plea to you guys.  Yeah, thanks for coming over.  And i just wanted to let you guys know that's where my head's at.  Thanks.  Hey, Missy.  Hi.  Josh approached Jaclyn and i, and said,un," we would love to work with  you." he pretty much said,"look, we want to get to the final three  but we don't think we're going on to actually be the ones to win it. Once  again we find ourselves in the middle. It seems Jaclyn and i became a power  couple once the tribe swap happened. Two couples, we were kind of in the  middle and both of them needed our help so we're being given a lot of  opportunities to control our fate.  This vote is huge.  Yeah, this is the decision. Josh and Reed seemed legitimately tied to keeping  couples could would give us the top six. But they make ( bleep ) stuff up.  They're broadway stars.  It's true. I don't know. It's the exact same story again with me and Jon. We  are for sure in the middle. So it's, like which way do me and Jon go?  This is like a big decision.  I know. It's really stressful because one wrong vote could be a  million-dollar decision.  I know that everybody is looking out for any food that's just laying around,  and at this point i still have a little trail mix i took from feast but i'm  keeping them in my bag and now i feel a little guilty. I feel like i need to  throw it out because everybody has munched out on everything they had  already. If i showed everybody what i had it would be gone like that. I was  smart enough to gather it, so it's mine.  I have some some of the leftover nuts and apricots and dates, and i'll share  with who i want.  Where is Julie?  On a walk, i think. Oh, you gotta be kidding me.  Shut up!  You gotta be kidding me!  Missing trail mix. We found out Julie has it in her bag, the smallest girl  here, it is one of the most selfish things you could do in  "survivor" i feel like. So a lot of people are pissed off at her  for that, and we're probably going to take it from her bag and eat it all.  Oh, my gosh.  Bail ohurry, hurry!  Give me some!  There is so much in there.  I am beyond mad.  What a selfish little-- ooh!  At home, okay, you take trail mix, no big deal. It's trail mix. Who cares?  Here, we don't have anything to eat. She's selfish, and she's awful, and i  can't trust somebody in my alliance who is stealing people's food. It's  ridiculous.  Jon, breathe. Deep breaths.  Is she coming back?  Oh, my God.  That's unacceptable to me.  Why does she think she's so much better than us and she can do that.  It was the weirdest thing i when i walked back up to camp it was literally, like,  you could slice tension with a knife.  I'm a pretty observant person. It doesn't take a brilliant person to figure  out what's going on right here.  Like, so entitled.  I feel like some of my tribe mates know i was hoarding or stealing trail mix,  and right now i feel like i've got a fire under my butt. So things don't look  so good for me right now.  Jeff: Come on in, guys!  I'm definitely in the most precarious situation i've been in, in this game  yet. Without Jon and Jaclyn on board, it's still not a majority. I think my  name will be on the chopping block, so i'm just going to go out there and try  to win and fight to the end.  Jeff: All right. You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge.  Yes!  Jeff: First things first, Baylor, tribal immunity is no more. This is what  you covet.  So beautiful!  Jeff: It is beautiful. Individual immunity. With this around your neck, are  you safe in this game. Without it, you could be in trouble. Shall we get to  it.  Yes.  Yeah!  Jeff: For today's challenge, you are going to balance a ball on a disk  attached to ropes. At regular intervals, you will move your hands farther  back on the rope making it more difficult to balance. After 25 minutes, we  will add a second ball. If at any point your ball drops, you're out of the  challenge. Last person left standing wins immunity, safe from the vote,  losers go to tribal council, and somebody will be voted out of this game.  We'll draw for spots. We'll get started. All right, everybody looks good.  This challenge is on. There's nowhere that your ball will sit perfectly  still. It is up to you to keep it still. And you have two ropes. If you move  one just a little more than the other, that will cause movement. You not only  have to contend with balancing it. You're going to have to battle the wind,  which could come up out of nowhere. Jewel wea little movement. Alec with a  little movement. Nice recoveries. A little bit of wind coming up. Jeremy out  of nowhere, ball drops, Jeremy out, no shoot immunity. That's how quickly it  can happen. You have to keep your concentration. Over and over and over and  over, keeping reminding yourself this round will last 10 minutes. Survive  this, move on to the next round. O one minute left in this round. And just  like that, Missy is out of the challenge. Julie drops out of challenge. Julie  has no shot at immunity. Jaclyn's ball is on the move. Alec's ball is now  moving. 15 seconds left in this round. Just hang on. Keep that ball on the  disk. 10 seconds left. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Everybody's safe. You can  drop your ropes. Move on to the next round. Okay, everybody is set for the  second round. This challenge is back on. You're now at the farthest end of  the rope. You're about six feet away from your ball. This will be the  toughest part of the challenge yet. A little wind coming up again. This is  not easy to do. Especially from this far away. Reed's ball starts to move.  Reed can't recover. Reed is out. Baylor's ball-- nice recovery by Baylor.  It's on the move again. She can't recover this time. Baylor's out. Another  gust of wind. And this gust of wind takes Alec out of the challenge. Jaclyn's  ball is on the move. Nice save by Jaclyn but she can't do it again. Jaclyn is  out. We are down to five. Another gust of wind. Big wind, the biggest thus  far. Natalie's ball is moving. Huge gust of wind. Natalie can't do it. Natalie  is out of the challenge, no shot at immunity. We're down to four. Josh, Wes, Keith,  and Jon. Everybody looking very steady. 10 minutes left in this round. We  will add a second ball. 10 seconds left in this round. Hang on here and you  make it to the final part of this challenge. Five seconds. Four. Three. Two.  One. Everybody release, you're safe. Good job, guys.  Good job.  Jeff: All right, everybody now has two balls on their disk. This challenge is  back on and it's going to get really tricky very quickly. Josh just like that  is out of the challenge. We're down to three. It is Wes and his dad, Keith,  and Jon. With the wind coming up again. Jon's ball is on the move. Jon is out  of the challenge. We're down to father and son. It is Keith and Wes. Immunity  on the line. Keith, his ball is on the move. Wes' ball is on the move. Wes struggling  to hang in there. That ball moving toward the edge. Keith's ball now moving  toward the edge. Wes is out. Keith wins first individual immunity! ( cheers  and applause )  awesome!  Crazy.  Dude, that was insane.  You blew it!  You can't even beat your old man.  Jeff: Keith, come on over. ( applause )  oh, man! All right!  Jeff: First individual immunity win, safe tonight at tribal council, cannot  be voted out of this game. As for the rest of you, after 18 very tough days,  somebody going home tonight. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. See you  tonight at tribal. Congrats.  Thank you. It's crazy. I won immunity. It come down to me and Wesley. I'm not  ready to turn over the reigns to him, but tonight is critical. We'll know  exactly where everybody stands after tonight's vote. Challenge, first one  out, this is ridiculous. I thought i'd kill these challenges. I'm terrible at  these challenges.  Well done!  Wow!  I was out before an old guy.  It was fun to watch you and your dad.  A mom.  She's really playing hard, Hunahpu.  She's over there tanning.  Jewel-- i was out before Julie. I was out before Julie. Unbelievable. But  going into the tribal council tonight, i feel like i'm safe. I feel like we  have the numbers.  Oh, baby i know. I hear ya.  It's so hot. I can't even drink it yet.  I sure would love the trail mix.  I heard Alec's little punk butt saying something about trail mix. I'm  definitely angry, but i don't know what i'm going to do. I'm just-- i'm  really lost. I'm feeling really low. I'm feeling lost and confused.  The past three, four days i've just kind of, like-- it's just tough. I feel  like i'm not-- i'm almost every night not quite able to get my head back in  the game. I don't know-- i don't know.  You feel like yicy.  A little bit.  You feel like done.  Almost.  Toast? Remember you had a tougher time than other people because John got  voted out super early.  It is difficult with all this here when everybody has their loved one.  I know. Well, i'm your loved one.  I know, i know.  Hang in there.  I just don't know what to do because i'm a little-- i'm not sure. My head's  kind of telling me to--  get out?  Yeah.  Don't do it yet.  Just because i know there's so much more to endure.  There is.  I feel like if i don't get a little space i'm going to lose my ( bleep )  mind.  She stole food and put it in her bag and didn't share with anybody and it's  obnoxious, it is. Julie goes home and it messes us up. One mess-up vote at  tribal throws this plan into the toilet. Let's not do it tonight. Can you  wait one more day?  Yeah.  Can we get through this plan?  Yeah.  I needed to talk to somebody. I felt like i could talk to Missy, but when she  told me to stick it out, "i'm here for you. I'm your loved one. I'm your  loved one when John's gone. Just do this. We need you."  okay?  Yeah, hugs. I get it. I'm a smart gal. They need me to get further based on  using me. I'm not going to hate them for it. It's the way the game goes. I  can see what that is and i can make a decision right now based on what i  need.  They're still after you hard core. They're going to be pretending Julie, but  it doesn't matter.  What's their reasoning to say me?  They said you're going to win all of the individual immunity challenges.  Don't they know-- i suck at these immunity challenges? Like i'm out first,un  what i mean?  Yeah, you were.  They're just making stuff up. You know what i mean?  Yeah.  But they don't have numbers, so it doesn't matter.  Yeah it, doesn't matter.  Josh is the only one in Josh' alliance that is playing the game. If you take  him out, it's over.  We just go on Josh. That's what everybody has been saying.  All right.  This is my home turf. But i have to give Jeremy props because he is playing  this game, and actually, he's playing it well. It just is opposite to what  i'm doing, so it's frustrating.  Hi.  We have to get Jaclyn and Jon. It would make sense to go couples together and  singles out. Blood versus water. That's what this game is about. Why don't we  get rid of the people who don't have their loved ones anymore?  We don't stick together and Jeremy-- if he gets five votes and doesn't get  votedded off he's goin to be pissed and coming after every one of us.  And Jeremy is going to be take out the couples.  Is he.  And we also get to be here with our loved one and having a loved one makes it  more of a calm rawdy thing. Then once we get it down to eight we'll duke it  out.  I'm in.  I love this plan.  After looking at the options, feeling out the people, i've found myself  making a complete 180 in terms of what alliances i am supporting.  The more i think about it, i just can't trust Jeremy.  We're not going with him?  No. We'll get Jeremy out tonight.  Oh, my gosh.  Blindside him.  Are we really? Like, i feel like that's huge.  What.  That we're going the other way now.  I don't even want to jump, it's just the best thing for our game.  Another i feel good about that, yeah. Okay.  It looks like we're going to be going on the couples train, and voting Jeremy  out tonight. It's going to suck because i really like Jeremy, but we've got  to do, this we gotta do it.  That suction.  Yup. I preached against jumping ship before because if you jump ship you're  going to be on the bottom of the totem pole, but we are a couple. So i'm  going with Josh, Reed, Alec, Wes, and Keith has more long-term potential with  fewer bumps in the road.  Where's Julie?  With her bag. She walked that way.  I think she totally heard me just hating on her.  She definitely heard you.  Well, it needed to happen. Somebody needed to say it, so i did it. You guys  all thought it, and i said it.  Damn it.  I don't think she'll quit. She told me she wouldn't quit, show. She said she  wouldn't wouldn't.  I never thought in my wildest dreams that blood versus water would be this  difficult. It has been the longest three weeks of my life away from the man i  love. And it's, lieb, taking a toll on me. Hey, Jeff. Thanks for coming out.  Jeff: What's going on?  Um, i've kind of lost my head the past three, four days, and i've been trying  my best to regroup and shake my head back in but i haven't quite got back  there. And to be here with all of these couples, it brings me right back to i  was doing this whole thing with John. And being here with all of these people  that are in love, are family members, it's-- it's that much more difficult on  top of everything else that's happening.  Jeff: Tell me about your relationship with John. Are you guys always  together?  This summer's three years, and we have not gone more than four days without  seeing each glrg so you're in a relationship in which being apart is just not  what we do, and so suddenly the thought of being out here another 21 days  is--  heavy.  Jeff: Overwhelming.  Overwhelming is the word.  Jeff: But kids go to summer camp longer than we're out here.  Right.  Jeff: They leave their parents.  Right.  Jeff: Parents let their kids go.  Right.  Jeff: We know that we can leave people that we love.  Sure, sure.  Jeff: So is part of this that you feel you're already out of the game?  Yes.  Jeff: So you're for people to say Julie, it sounds like you're giving up  because you think you're out and you just want to be with John.  I came in here day one being judged. I'm judged constantly.  Jeff: Why do you think you're judged so quickly?  Maybe they see me as somebody they can't approach, or somebody they can't  trust because i take care of myself. Maybe it seems i wouldn't be down to  earth, maybe too vain. And they're talking about my boobs, like making jokes,  like mean girls.  Jeff: So the fact that you think you're pretty much on the verge of being  vote out and your man's not here-- i'm done.  And i can't stay here because Missy says, "we need you." i know why  you need me. It's because you want me to be here to help you get further in  the game. But i'm compromising what i feel i need right now.  Jeff: And what about people rowhoare in an alliance with you and the fact if  they are, they just lost a member jai feel very built about that, i do.  Jeff: It is quite possibly a million-dollar quit for someone else.  It makes me feel awful but i cannot compromise what i'm needing right now  based on what they need because i don't know them.  Jeff: All right, Julie. So officially, you're quitting the game.  Yes.  Jeff: Okay. 18 days, your adventure is over. I'll go let the tribe know.  Another thank you.  Okay, something's happening.  Jeff: Guys, come on down out of the shelter. There's a log up here. Let's  just sit on this. All right, so, bad news and good news. Bad news is if you  were in an alliance with Julie, you just lost a member. Julie is quitting the  game.  Wow.  As soon as Jeff says Julie's gone, i instantly think about the numbers. She  was my number. I needed that. So now i could be going home tonight.  How can somebody do that?  Jeff: Some people disappointed, some people smiling.  I'm just sad because i talked to her last today. You know, i don't take any  responsibility for it but i wish i could have talked to her one more time.  Jeff: Josh, it's a complicated game. On one happened, you don't want somebody  to quit, especially if you're the person that's in an alliance with them. On  the other hand, my odds just got better by one.  It's exactly right. Your chances just got better in that case, unless she was  your only alliance, and then, of course, maybe you think you're screwed after  that. Julie quit the game, which puts Jeremy and that alliance a little more  at an ease because they have one less number. And i'm happy about that  because our odds are better at tribal tonight to get Jeremy out.  Jeff: Jeremy, what does it say about those who just give up?  It's ridiculous. And it pisses me off when people quit as it is you know what  i mean? We're trying to make her comfortable and give her food, keep her warm  at night. It's just ridiculous. It's--  and it seems like Julie had life the easiest of anybody around here because  she did nothing. You know? So--  she dug herself a bit of a hole.  She dug herself nay hole.  Jeff: Do you think, Jaclyn, parent of the reason she quit is she felt she was  in a hole?  Yeah, it probably had a big part. After the merge feast we had, she dump aid  bunch of trail mix in her bag and hid it from everybody and we found it  today. I mean, food is huge out here, and if you just, like, take something  and hide it from everybody and keep it it to yourself, like, it makes people  mad.  Jeff: So, Jon, do you think part of this might be she feared she was going  home?  I think even more so it's that she was just so scared of living up to the  fact that, oh, yeah, i am a selfish person. I don't think she could deal with  it.  Jeff: All right, there is good news. No tribal council. Which means, somebody  maybe just got a million-dollar break. Guys, have a good night. I hope you  stay dry. The game continues.  Thanks, Jeff.  Thanks, Jeff.  Jeff: All right.  I do feel like with Julie's early exit, it was not on our side because we  wanted to get Jeremy out right then, and that plan was solid, it seemed like.  But Jeremy hopefully is on borrowed time right now, and i don't think he even  realized. I think he thinks Reed or myself would be gone today, and there was  a 20% chance of that happening, but i think there was an 80% chance of Jeremy  leaving.  Yeah, Julie kind of messed it up. I wanted Josh out of the game. I feel like  it bothered me more than anybody else. I'm really upset that she left because  she really messed up my plans.  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff:next time on "survivor":  you want some fish? I mean, this ain't no charity now.  Jeff: It's the i battle of the sexes and it hits Jon and jacklin the hardest.   Why.  Jon just doesn't care.  Jaclyn is not on the same page as i am.  Somebody is not going to be happy.  This has been mentally exhausting and i think i will have to deal with a lot  of backlash but i was the one here i was the one close to dehydration. I was  the one missing my loved ones with no communication for three weeks. Only i  know how tough this was on me.