<br/>Jeff: Previously on "survivor":  congratulations, you are merged!  Jeff: After blood and water merged, there were two battling alliances. One  led by Jeremy.  We got me, nat, Julie. Baylor, and you.  Jeff: The other alliance led by Josh.  It's me and Reed, Alec, Wes, and pete.  Jeff: Both were fighting for Jon and Jaclyn.  For the third tribal in a row we find ourselves in the middle. This is a big  decision.  Know.  Jeff: But it was Josh who convinced them to join his alliance and blindside Jeremy.   WJeremy.  It looks like we're going to be voting Jeremy out tonight.  Jeff: Fortunately for Jeremy, Julie made a shocking decision. You're quitting  the game.  Yes.  Jeff: Throwing a wrench into Josh's plan to take out Jeremy and leaving the  game up in the air. Somebody maybe just got a million-dollar break.  Jeremy is on borrowed time now, and i don't think he even realized.  Jeff: 11 are left. Who will be voted out tonight.  You know, i'm so pissed that Julie quit that way. I just-- i woke up, like,  going, "are you serious?" you don't quit! Because Julie quit, we  didn't have to go to tribal, and it really threw a wrinkle in the plan. I  mean, i think for everybody. My alliance has their plan to vote Josh out.  We're ready to go. But we can't do that until we get to a tribal.  This is the part of the game where it's like, i know i'm playing the game,  but i don't know if we're just being deceitful. You know? Because we're just  going around trouncing Jeremy, we got him, trouncing Missy and Baylor, we got  him, and then blindsiding people.  Oh, well.  We didn't have a tribal last night. So nobody knows exactly where Jaclyn and  i stand right now. They think i'm solloid that side, i'm solloid that side.  But the fact is we decided on taking out Jeremy. This move is a big move.  Yeah, it is.  I mean, Jeremy is the leader of the pack. And to take him out this early--  well, think about it. Josh is the leader of the other pack.  That's why i think it's so good right now that people are asking how do we  work who Jon and Jaclyn, instead of saying, "hey, get Jon and Jaclyn  out."  yeah, so we're fine.  Jeremy is going to be going home very, very soon. Originally we told him we  were down with voting out Josh so i don't think he has any clue whatsoever  that Jaclyn and i have flipped, but ultimately, i do need to consider what my  best path is, and my best path right now does not include Jeremy.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! All right, you guys ready to get to today's reward  challenge is it.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Jeff: For today's challenge, you're going to divide into two teams. On my go,  you'll race to load heavy puzzle pieces on to a cart. You'll then push that  cart to the base of a tower, where you will use those pieces to build a  temple. Once the temple is built, one person will race to the top of the  temple to unlock a statue. You'll then work together to hoist the statue to  the top raising your tribe flag. First team to raise their flag wins reward.  Want to know what you're playing for?  <br/>Yeah.  Yeah!  Jeff: It's a nice one. It is a "survivor-"style taco bar.  Oh!  My gosh!  Jeff: Chicken. Steak. Pork.  We've been talking about this one.  <br/>Jeff: Vegetarian. Wash it down, beer.  Oh!  Jeff: Iced tea. And margaritas.  Oh!  Jeff: All right, we're going to do a school yard pick to figure out our  teams. We'll get started. All right, we have our two teams. It is Keith, Natalie,  Reed, Jeremy and Wes taking on Jon, Alec, Baylor, Josh, and Jaclyn. Missy was  not picked, has no shot at the reward. Here we go for a big reward. Survivors  ready? Go! These are very heavy pieces. You will have to work together. The  question is how many do you put on each load because you've still got to get  that cart all the way to the end and that won't be easy. Yellow with four.  Yellow going to go for five.  One, two, three, go!  Jeff: Yellow heading out.  Dig, dig, dig, dig!  Jeff: Yellow with a bit of a lead. Blue got one very wobbly piece. It's going  to take somebody's head face-off it falls.  Lift up. Push up while you're doing it.  Jeff: Gotta get to the end. There you go. Unload now, unload. Blue doing a  nice job of working together. Everybody digging.  Push!  Jeff: Blue at the end. Start unloding. After 19 days, these pieces are very  heavy. Yellow can start heading back. Natalie, Reed, Keith, Jeremy, Wes,  working hard it for those tacos.  Let's go!  Blue now heading back. Let's do it, go!  Go, go, go. Yellow loding more up.  Jeff: One of the biggest rewards so far this season. Everybody can taste it.  Blue slowing down. Jon and Alec trying to pick up some time. Great team work  by yellow working together very well. They've had the lead from the  beginning. Can blue pick it up? Yellow with their last few pieces.  One, two, three, push!  Jeff: Yellow heading out, once again father and son working together.  Push hard here. Here we go!  Jeff: Blue trying to pick up some time. There's a lot of weight on this cart.   Come on!  One, two, three!  Jeff: You got it! Unload yellow. Yellow can start building your temple.  That one first.  Last one, guys.  Jeff: Blue with the last piece.  Go!  Jeff: You cannot give up on yourself in this challenge. It's too big a  reward. Blue is very close.  Go! Push!  Jeff: They're there! You're going to build a temple now with all of these  pieces. Yellow with a nice early lead to building this temple. Blue team has  their first pieces together. Yellow with another piece.  Let's go, get that corner!  Jeff: Blue has a lot of time to make up. They are moving quickly on this  puzzle. Everybody giving everything they have.  Come on!  Go to you!  Come on!  Jeff: Every second is going to count in this challenge.  Guys i'm going to run up, okay?  Jeff: Yellow getting very close to finishing.  Let's go!  Jeff: Can blue pick it up?  Don't give up!  Jeff: Yellow with the last piece. Their temple's done. Natalie heads up to  the top for yellow. That's it. Start hoisting it. This could be it. Blue team  fighting to get back in this. But it's too late. Win reward!  Jeff: Keith, Reed, Jeremy, Natalie, Wes, huge reward. Smiles on everybody's  face. All right, big decision to make from the winning team. Before you enjoy  your reward, you're sending one person to Exile Island.  Oh, my God.  Let's send somebody who hasn't been.  I feel bad about sending Missy. What do you think, Jon or Alec?  Jeff: Who's it going to be?  We're going to send Jon.  Jeff: Going to send Jon. Why Jon?  Well, Jon's a big guy.  We felt like he can make it on his own.  Jeff: So, Jon, this is actually a compliment.  Apparently. I'll take the compliment.  Jeff: All right, here's a map. Grab it, head out.  Enjoy your meal. Think about me while you're tasting it.  Jeff: Jon will return in time for the next immunity challenge. All right, Keith,  Jeremy, Reed, Natalie, Wes, grab your stuff, head out. Enjoy your afternoon.  "survivor-"style taco bar. Baylor, jablin, Alec, Josh, and Missy,  got nothing for you. Grab your stuff, head back to camp.  Oh, my God.  Are kidding me.  Are you kidding me?  You have margaritas. You have chips. You have tacos. You have beer.  Cheers, guys.  To the ""w"."  we won the award and it was amazing. We got to come to the  "survivor-"style taco bar. I feel really bad because Josh has been  talking about this from the get-go. We have an eclectic mix of people from  two different alliances together who don't have anything to talk about  necessarily and we're all justice trying to keep things calm and keep the  homeostasis.  Who wants the cheese case dee as.  Are we supposed to be talk strategy like other people do on rewards? We're  just eating. There's no alliance here. It's Jeremy and me on one side, and  Reed, Keith, and Wes on the other side. You know, if we had Missy or we had  Jon over here we would be strategizing the entire time.  I don't know about you all, put last night, Julie was kind of my pick, and it  comes up she quits. But if they said Julie is gone but you all are still  going, man, i had no idea after that.  If he would have said still going to tribal, i would have been screwed.  I don't know about him, but i didn't know--  Keith comes out and says, "if we had to vote somebody out yesterday, i  don't know what we would have done. We were all up in the air." and he's  telling me this. And i'm look at him like, come on, i know you guys were  targeting me. Get out of here. It tells me Keith is at least trying to play  the game, but i don't think he's very good at it.  I want three or four hard talk organization double cheese, double meat.  Take it easy. Slow and steady.  Wins the race, yeah. My dad said slow down, enjoy it, and, of course, i  didn't at all, and i'm scarfing down burritos, quesedas, margaritas, and beer.  I just wish i had the will power to control myself.  Your double meat.  Oh, yeah!  Two more and he's going to be sick. Two more of those babies.  Like i'm really worried about that. It was all fun and gimuntil i felt like  crap. ( burps ) all right.  As long as you keep burping, i guess you're okay. Wesley is a good kid. He  ain't been in jail yet, you know, but he does make some mistakes. I can just  give him my words of wisdom is about all i can do.  Uh-oh.  Uh-oh.  Wandering off.  That's my boy overloding over there.  It will pass, man, just breathe. ( burps )  oh!  Who the heck raised him? I don't-- his mamma? I don't know. Gosh darn.  Oh!  The snails are pretty.  It will be plenty for all of us. Well, the reward challenge, needless to say,  we lost. And, man, it was frustrating. But, honestly, this couldn't have gone  better as far as the people i needed to be talking to and the people i needed  to be bonding with, so i'm going to put my little feelers out there one more  time with Baylor to try to get the target off my back. Can i be honest?  Yeah, of course,.  I feel like you owe me at least one vote to not vote for me. I literally  pushed for you every single time to take you off the chopping block, and  literally saved you once. If your alliance is all gonna vote Reed or myself,  if you would not vote that. Just out of respect because i feel like i stuck  my neck out for you a couple of times.  It was uncomfortable when Josh came up to me and said, "you owe  me." i almost feel like i'm being, like, blackmailed a little bit. To  me, that just doesn't seem like a guy who comes from a christian family and a  pastor for a dad. I mean, i was taught that you should give a gift without  expecting anything in return, soyy feel like i don't owe him anything. The  thing that's been tossed around in my playing field in my ears, people say Josh  used you and drug you long so he could continue using you for a vote.  I know. And i know that's probably what your mom has been saying. I was  trying to solidify her and Missy's votes for the couples just to give us a  couple of more numbers, but Missy is kind of controlling Baylor right now.  And i don't think they're going to vote with the couples so at this point,  i'm pretty fed up with Baylor. I just a minute ago was talking to her and i  was like, "here's the deal, Baylor. I did save you." and i was  like, "it would be great if you just gave me one vote at one  point." not that it's going to help anything.  Right.  Fact.  Right.  I don't mind seeing my name. I just don't want to go out, you know what i  mean?  Right.  I really am hoping Jon and Jaclyn are being truthful but all i can do right  now is hope they are and try and keep that relationship going.  Exile Island is extremely desolate. And being out here by myself sucks. I'm  lonely. I miss Jaclyn. I do feel like with Jaclyn in my game, she's,  obviously, been helping me make all the decisions. With me away, it gives Jaclyn  her chance to build those relationships up so that she's not just seen as,  like the tagalong. "here at exile, lack of water is a double-edged  sword. It can quench your thirst for power. For mother nature's cooperation  you must choose the proper hour." i open up the clue, and my reers  immediately perked. It's a clue to a new idol that's here on exile instead of  back at our camp. And this is huge. It said, "lack of water say  double-edged sword." so i'm thinking i have to go searching while the  tide is low and the sword kind of looks like a peninsula, and i look and  there's this big peninsula sticking out in the middle of Exile Island. So i'm  thinking it's got to be over there. As i make my way around, there's a  billion rocks here. I'm looking under all of them. But i can't fiend an idol.  The tide was coming up. I don't know if i'm going to get another chance to  look for it. I was like, i need to find it right now. The next logical place  that it would be is up on this big pillar right in the middle that i haven't  climbed yet. Rock. Oh, yes! Woo-eee! Found me a hidden immunity idol. Oh,  thank you, God. She is a beauty. That's a game changer. Then it's exciting to  have that kind of power in the game because now whatever i want to happen  really is going to happen. There's my idol! I kept waking up to... Oh, man.  I haven't done that yet. I wished i had burped and farts. If i did, i would  make sure she smelled them.  Wes and Alec and Keith, they're just rude,un. They're not even trying to hide  it, and they're laughing. It.  You and Jon are the only gentlemen. The rest of them, they're a bunch of pigs   they're so rude. It's crazy. I mean, as a firefighter, we act like that at  the firehouse sometimes,un what i mean? But as soon as a woman comes will in  the room, you shut it down. Everyone's on their best behavior because that's  how youabt around women. But these guys, theatre first ones to eat, like  jumping in front of the girls. I'm like what are you all doing? Have some  manners.  Here you go.  What is this?  It's trash.  What am i supposed to do with it.  Throw it away in the water.  Dude. Already.  What?  Nothing. I'm down. I feel like a slave, but i'm down.  You feel like a slave? You want some fish? I mean, this ain't no charity now?   Alec treats me like i'm his baby sister who he wants to bug, and that's been  the case since day one. So i'm kind of over it.  He's like that to all the women. He's rude to me, too. Just roll it off your  back.  I'm trying but it's just obnoxious. Moi mom is like, "just, let it  go." unfortunately, i get bugged easily.  Come on, Baylor. We'll come and get some wood pup ain't done nothing but lay  there all day. At least check a pulse every now and then.  I have to get wood.  Are we on break? It's hard to get good help.  Okay, reporting to for duty.  If you were my kid you would have got wooped 10 times today.  It's the most chauvinistic group i have met. I have seen rude people before  but this is the worst.  Girls, keep this fire going. Natalie will do it. I don't know if they will.  Did you hear what he said?  That was an annoying comment.  Like, shouldn't they try to be nice to me? Like, they need my vote, and  whatever i really want, Jon will do. So-- the guys on this tribe are really  arrogant and rude. I already knew that, but, like, after Jon left, oh, my  gosh, i saw such a difference in the way they treated me. And i'm just like,  screw you, guys. Without me and Jon's vote, you don't have anything. They're  so dumb.  And also the fact that-- all you do is--  Jon can vote with them, but i'm not. No way.  Again, we can't let Jeremy win.  No, that's true. We still need to touch base with Jon.  Although, we already got our plan. He wants to do, and it's time to do it who  else you gotta touch base with?  I would think Jaclyn.  Yeah, no, she's going to be down. She's going to vote with Jon.  She's been talking to Baylor this whole time. No telling what in the heck--  i'm telling you, Jon's riding with the boys. I'm tell you. I feel as  comfortableaise probably could right now because Jon is a smart dude. He  knows that Jeremy is a threat, and he trusts me, and that's big dispp i know  that Jaclyn's going to do whatever Jon says. So this alliance is sticking  together and as long as Jeremy doesn't win immunity, we're going to vote him  out.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! We'll now bring in Jon returning from Exile Island. (  applause )  hi.  Hi, baby.  I was so worried about you.  Jeff: All right, you guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: First things first, Keith, i will take back the necklace. You're not  even going to help me.  I want to keep it. Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. Today we're  going to see what kind of impact 21 days has had on area mind. I'm going to  show you a series of symbols. You're going to use your cube to repeat them  back to me. Get it right, you stay alive. Get it wrong, you're out. The last  person left standing wins immunity. Safe from the vote. Losers, tribal  council, where somebody will be voted out. Big stakes. We'll draw for spots.  We'll get started. All right, here we go. First round. Statue.  Statue.  Jeff: Sun. Skull. Axe. All right, everybody find the first icon. Reveal it.  Everybody has statue. Everybody's right. Next icon. Seveal it. Everybody  shows sun except Jon. He has skull. Correct answer, sun. Jon is first out.  Jon, take a spot on the bench. That is probably indicative of two days on Exile  Island all alone. Next icon, reveal. Everybody shows skull except Reed who  has temple. If he's right, he wins. But instead, you're out. Correct answer  is skull. Reed is out. Reed joins Jon on the bench. Next icon, reveal.  Everybody has an axe except Wes and Alec, who are showing mask. Correct  answer, axe. Wes is out. Alec is out. And we are down to seven. Here we go.  Next round. Axe. Skull. Mask.  Tomia hawk, skull...  Jeff: Sun.  Temple. Axe. Statue.  Axe, skull...  Jeff: First icon, everybody reveal. Everybody has axe except for Natalie who  has skull. It was axe. Natalie is wrong. Natalie is out. We are down to six.  Next icon. Reveal. Everybody shows skull except Baylor who shows sun. Correct  answer, skull. Baylor is out. We are down to five. Next icon. Reveal.  Everybody shows mask except jack len. Jaclyn has sun. Are you second  guessing, Jaclyn?  Yeah.  Jeff: Correct answer is mask. Jaclyn is wrong. Everybody else is right. We  are down to four. Everybody find your next icon and reveal. Very interesting.  Josh and Jeremy both show sun. Missy and Keith both show temple. Correct  answer is sun. Keith is out, Missy is out. And we are down to our final two, Josh  and Jeremy.  Come on, Josh.  Jeff: Big immunity on the line. Next icon. Find it and reveal.  Jeff: Josh shows statue. Jeremy shows temple. One of suright, one is wrong.  Correct answer is temple. Jeremy wins individual immunity.  Good job, man. ( applause )  good job, guys.  Jeff: Jeremy, come on over. ( applause )  good job, Jeremy.  Jeff: Jeremy, safe tonight at the vote, cannot be voted out of this game,  guaranteed a one in 10 shot at winning the million bucks. As for the rest of  you, after 21 days in a very tough game, somebody going home tonight. Grab  your stuff, head back to camp. See you tonight at tribal council. Congrats.  Freeze frame!  Congratulations! Awesome.  You missed you.  I have the idol.  Thanks, man.  I won the immunity challenge today, and it was a beautiful thing. I know that  Josh and his goons were coming after me, so it's huge.  Good work today, y'all.  Yeah, you, too, man.  I'm pretty sure our alliance is all set with voting for Josh. The two of us  have been battling each other for control of the game, but now it's all about  Jon and Jaclyn and i'm hoping they're on my side. Because if not, i'm going  to have to keep wearing this beautiful thing, you know, in order to stay  alive.  Who do we want it to be?  I say Baylor.  All right.  What do you think?  Yeah.  He definitely wants to get Baylor out, Keith does.  Your dad will be good with that?  100%.  Let's just do it. Because as long as j. And j. Are on board, it will work  exactly as planned. Right now the plan is to vote for Baylor tonight. I tried  to get Baylor on my side, but she didn't go for it. So she's got to go. But  right now, i'm relying on Jaclyn and Jon to go on our side because if not,  today is my last day out here.  How was everything while i was gone?  Well, i don't like the guys anymore at all. I don't think we should go with  them.  Why?  Well, for one, they don't talk to me when you're not here. They don't even  regard me. And just thinking about it in all the immunity challenges, our  biggest threats are those guys. I can't win against them pup are going to  have a tough time. Why don't we just vote them out first?  Coming back from exile, i had initially thought that Jaclyn and i were going  to be aligning with Josh and the guys. But then Jaclyn brought up some  interesting information that while i was gone, the guys were completely  ignoring her the whole time and made her feel like crap. I mean, this is the  love of my life talking. However, this is a game. And it can't be just acting  on emotions.  We have a better time beating Missy, Natalie, Baylor, and--  but we're not going to beat Jeremy in the final three. He's going to win.  How do you know?  How's it going.  Hi.  Hi.  What's up?  Noct.  Who's going home tonight?  The plan right now is to vote Baylor. Everyone wants Baylor out. Because  she's annoying.  And she's not doing anything.  I missed you guys so much.  I know. Two days. That was so brutal. All right, kids, i'm going to go.  Jon and i have to decide which way to go. I thought that Jon was going to  have my back, but he's worried about teaming up with Jeremy because his story  would win over our story in the final three. So Jon's thinking really far  ahead, which is stupid. But now i feel like there's all this up in the air  with everything.  Whose turn is it to go what are you all thinking?  Keith, are you basically like-- is that where you are?  Not really.  Can't you sway them, Keith?  Well--  here it is-- and i hate to be blunt, but Baylor don't do ( bleep ). You know  that. Baylor sleeps and she goes over and eats. I've been here six days and  i've seen her with one scientific wood in her hands. I'm just telling you.  And what get me, i say, "come on, Baylor, "and if Baylor  says,"i'm tired. I want to take a nap. You jump in and you do it.  You protect your son, too.  Not like, that though. Wesley-- lorld, no, i don't do that to Wesley. I'm  just-- i'm-- just the facts, Missy.  I've been through this gunning for Baylor thing for a while now and i got my  ear bent already today by Keith, "Baylor doesn't do anything." it  doesn't feel good ever to have your child picked on. I'm going to back her  and that's all that matters.  What did Keith say?  You.  He told you that? To my face. He's not real smart.  I know. I need to talk to Jon.  Yeah, you do. I just found out that Keith spit out my name to my mom, which  is stupid. You don't tell the mom that you're voting for the daughter,  period. But now, i'm, obviously, on the chopping block. I have, like,  sickening butterflies in my stomach. So i kind of just have to be prepared  and hope that my alliance pulls through.  Cool. Yeah. Tonight, Jaclyn and i have to make a very big decision. And the  success we've had so far has been as a result of Jaclyn and i working  together very well. But this time, Jaclyn's not on the same page as i am.  We're gonna vote Josh.  Hey, we're in control of this game. If we get Baylor out, let's do it.  Yeah.  I know.  I don't trust Jon. He's sneaky.  Tomorrow it's gonna be very clear.  Either very clear or very shady.  Yeah.  Yeah.  I want nothing to do with those guys. But it feels like Jon just doesn't  care. I feel so comfortable with Missy and Jeremy. Just think about it.  I think that's a big mistake.  After tonight, there's going to be a good portion of people mad at us, no  matter which way we go. It's hard because you have to weigh so many different  things, and we're still going back and forth. Hopefully we'll figure it out,  but no matter what happens, somebody's not going to be happy.  Jeff: Jeremy, let's talk about today's immunity challenge. You always wanted  immunity but was there any added pressure today that you felt i need it? This  is the going to be a crazy one.  Let me tell you, Jeff, today, if i didn't win this, people were writing my  name down and i knew it.  Jeff: Josh, same question. Jeremy clearly thought i needed it tonight. Did  you feel that kind of pressure?  Absolute. I knew my name was being tossed around so i knew i needed it for  tonight's vote.  Jeff: Wes, are the alliances known?  I think the alliances are known. I mean, me, Josh, Reed, and Alec teamed up  with dad, and i felt like it was known to people that we were working  together type.  Jeff: Jeremy, does that leave you Natalie, Missy, Baylor, Jaclyn and Jon together?   It could. I'm not sure.  Jeff: Jaclyn, you're a part of a love pair. Where does does that leave and  you Jon in terms of alliances?  Well, Jon and me have been approached by both sides so that kind of puts us  in the middle of everything, which is interesting.  Jeff: Jon how is that possible? There have been many tribals now that you and  Jaclyn have been sort of the swing.  I can tell you that's that's not what we've been trying to put ourselves in.  But it seems like we have something painted on us that is like like,  "talk to us, and we might help you." i don't know what the heck it  is but--  i don't know.  Jeff: Natalie, when you see that Jon's getting approached bye everybody,  what's the play? Because everybody's probably got a pretty good pitch.  It's so weird, but i feel almost protective over the original Hunahpu. And  Jon is smib felt i could trust so you need to pick a side and trust movinged  for. The funny thing is, those guys were campaigning for Jaclyn, but when Jon  is not there, the behavior seems they don't even need Jaclyn--  which is so frustrating to me. Everyone goes to Jon, and then when he went to  exile, nobody really cared to campaign with me, and the second he got back  today, it was all about Jon. And, you know, me and Jon talk. We make decision  together. So people shhh maybe be smarter about that.  Jeff: Do you not feel respected out here?  Maybe by a few people, yeah, i would say that a little bit.  I can lay this out for you. Okay, so i'm watching a couple of these younger  guys pretend like they're in a frat house.  Jeff: You have to be talking about Wes and Alec.  You got it. And they literally belch, fart, spit, they don't care if there  are females there or not.  But we're not at the hilton, Missy. And i haven't heard Wesley fart, or spit.  But i've hay little bit of gas. I'm sure everybody on this panel has had gas.  It's just a normal body function. This is "survivor" and stuff like  that is going to happen. You're going to get dirty. You're going to get  northwest. You're going to get gas.  Jeff: Reed it's a fascinating thing to watch tonight because perception is  reality to the perceiver. If somebody believes they're being disrespected,  like Jaclyn, are you that way to them.  I think i've been nothing but respectful to the women out here. But i would  like to take i moment to go back to when Natalie pitched her case to Jon and Jaclyn,  and i think it would be just as Valuable for us to get a chance.  Jeff: All right, Reed, make your case.  I just think you guys are both very powerful, and you're strong together.  You're both threats in challenges. So if you side with a group of singles,  what's to say they don't turn right back around ow and vote you guys out.  Okay, wait, so you're saying you guys aren't going to turn around and get him  out because Jonl is the biggest threat?  Absolute not.  All right.  Jeff: Jon, you're being pitched from two groups, a group of five and a group  of four. Would you rather you guys weren't the linchpin?  I think right now, i feel like it's positive because i feel like Jaclyn and i  are kind of controlling our own fate, but these decisions we're making,  they're game changers, and that can be scary.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Reed, you're up.  Sorry you can't handle hanging out with the big boys.  You're a strong player, but i stopped trusting you when you wrote my name  down the first tribal and didn't tell me.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Baylor. Josh.  Baylor. Two votes Baylor. Josh. We're tied, two votes Josh, two votes Baylor.  Baylor. Three votes Baylor. Josh. That's three votes Josh. That's four votes Baylor.  We're tied again, four votes bail ofour votes Josh. That's five votes Baylor.  We're tied. Five votes Josh, five votes Baylor. One vote left. Seventh person  voted out and the first member of our jury. Josh. You need to bring me your  torch.  I love you.  Jeff: Josh, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  I'll have a cheeseburger for everybody.  Jeff: Well, the question after tonight's vote, is this a line in the sand or  is tomorrow a whole new game? Grab your torches, head back to camp. Good  night.  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "survivor": With Josh gone, Reed is willing to  lie, cheat, and steal to stay in the game.  Desperate times call for desperate measures.  Jeff: And it throws the camp into chaos.  Keith has an idol.  You know Keith has an idol.  Yeah.  It's about to get crazy.  I mean, this game is all about trust and making alliances, and i never fully  trusted the alliance i had going into tonight. I think it just revealed just  a little too much of who i was out here, and that sent me packing. So i'm  thankful that i got this far in this game and got this experience. It's been  awesome.