<br/>Previously on Survivor after Josh  recruited Jaclyn and John there was a new power alliance Keith West Alec and  me. No one really knows yet  we have John and Jaclyn. Jeremy is the leader of the pack.  Jeff: When Jon was sent to Exile Island, Jaclyn's new alliance showed their  true colors.  You want some fish? It's not a charity now.  After Jon left, I saw such a difference in the way they treated me.  Jeff: At Exile Island, Jon found a hidden immunity idol.  That's a game changer.  Jeff: And at the last immunity challenge-- Jeremy wins individual immunity.  Good job, Jeremy.  Jeff: Jeremy won security of his own.  I know that Josh and his moves was coming after me.  Jeff: Facing tribal council, Jon and Jaclyn were second guessing their new  alliance.  I don't like the guys anymore. I don't think we should go with them.  Jeff: And it came back to bite Josh's alliance when Jon and Jaclyn flipped.  Seventh person voted out, the first member of our jury, Josh. You need to  bring me your torch. Josh, the tribe has spoken. 10 are left. Who will be  voted out tonight.  Man, that was intense.  I'm furious that Josh is gone. Our game together has now officially come to  an end. y all right, man?  Yeah.  So I’m not exactly sure who to turn to just yet, but right now, all I have to  do is worry about me now. So I need to figure out how to moveed for being in  the minority.  I know, but that's part of it. That's part of the game. Good to have you.  The brother I never had.  The thing that really pushed me over the edge to join the alliance with Jeremy,  was when Jaclyn felt like she was being disrespected by everybody in the Josh  and Reed alliance. I wasn't sure why, but my instincts were telling me that  was not the right thing to do.  All right, all right, I got your back.  If there's anything I learned from watching past "Survivor," it's  trust your instinct.  You two jumped ship quick. Josh has been lying to me for 15 days.  You haven't lined up.  Missy has been lying to me 17 days. It didn't go our way tonight. Jon and Jaclyn  flipped over there again with them, and we're in a bad place. They can pick  us off one at a time. As soon as you step back here the couples deal was over  because that didn't last long with you. Remember the word "couples?  Not when you jumped down with your son like that?  My son is my couple. I have the idol. The thing about that is playing it at  the right time, to maybe get one of them oit.  I think you're trying to pin it on me when it's really about you.  I think everything changed after the merge.  I don't know about all that. Maybe I can tell them to vote me off, they all  put my name down, I play the idol, i've had it with Jon. I've had it with Missy.  That might not be a bad idea. It's getting to crunch time now. ( theme song  playing )  Jeff: Come on in, guys! You guys ready to get to today's reward challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: For today's challenge, you're going to divide into teams. On my go you  will face off one on one on a wobbly beam over a pit of mud. Your job-- knock  the other person off the beam into the mud. Every time you do, you score a  point for your team. First to five wins reward. You want to know what you're  playing for.  Yes.  Jeff: The winning team will leave here and board a luxury fishing yacht, and  crews down coast while enjoying sandwiches, plus soft drinks for the younguns  and cocktails and champagne for the dahls. Worth playing for?  Yes.  Jeff: All right, we'll choose teams and get started. All right, we have our  two teams. It is Wes, Missy, Jon, Jaclyn, and Keith. Taking on Alec, Baylor,  Reed, Jeremy, and Natalie. And right on cue, the rain is falling. It's going  to be a nice muddy challenge. First match-up, guy on guy. Who you got? Reed going  to go out up against Wes. Getting muddy. Get in.  Let's go, nate.  You got this, dancer boy.  Hey, Wes. Food. Sandwiches. My first freaking meal since the merge.  Jeff: All right. Are you guys ready?  Come on!  Jeff: Here we go. Survivors ready? Go!  Come oreed!  Jeff: Reed goes for it, but it backfires. Wesley in the mud first. And Reed fall  right on top of him. Reed scores first point.  All right, Wes, it's all good. All good, Wes.  Jeff: Next match-up, women. Who you going to put up?  You go.  Jeff: It is Natalie taking on Jaclyn.  Let's go.  You got it, Jaclyn, let's go, girl.  Come on, miss u.s.a.  Let's go, baby.  Come on, Jaclyn, get in there.  Jeff: Here we go. Survivors, ready?  Let's go, girl.  Jeff: Jaclyn has the reach if she can tiewz to her advantage.  Let's go, jackie.  Jeff: Jaclyn trying to push Natalie off now. Jaclyn goes for it. Doesn't  work. Jaclyn goes in the mud first. Yellow scores and leads, two-zip. Next  round, Jon taking on Jeremy.  Here you go!  Jeff: Big match-up, two strong guys.  Here we go, Jon.  Jeff: Here we go. Survivors ready? Go. Jon trying to reach in there quickly. Jeremy  goes for it. Jon goes for it, knocks Jeremy in. Blue scores. It is 2-1,  yellow leads.  There you go, babe!  There you go, Jon!  Jeff: Next match-up, Baylor taking on her mom.  I'm so hungry. Please!  Jeff: Here we go. Survivors ?raed go. Baylor defeated her mom last time they  were in a showdown. Mom plooking for some sevenge. Now it's heating up. You  get too risky and you will fall. Missy goes under it. Missy's out! Yellow  scores, yellow leads, 3-1.  Good job, you guys.  Jeff: Here we go. We are playing to five. Keith versus Alec. Yellow leads  3-1. Survivors ready? Go!  There gu.  Come on, control it. Bend your knees.  Bend your knees, Alec.  Keep your core tight.  Jeff: Alec would like to put yellow in a 4-1 lead right here. Keith needs to  score. Keith really calm showing nothing. He's bored. Keith goes for it and  he does it! Blue scores. It is 3-2!  Keith! Keith! Keith!  Jeff: Next round. Survivors ready? Go. It's Reed versus Wes in a rematch.  Reed won last time.  Aah!  Jeff: Nice little slap.  I can't see.  Come on.  Jeff: Reed has mud in his eye. That's going to make it tough.  You got it. Come on.  Jeff: Reed goes in! Blue scores. We are tied 3-3! Next round, Survivors  ready? Go. Jaclyn versus Natalie. In another rematch.  Let's go, jackie.  You got this, jack.  Jeff: Jaclyn looking for revenge. Jaclyn goes for it, it doesn't work. Yellow  scores and leads, 4-3. Playing to five.  Oh!  Jeff: Here we go. Jeremy taking on Jon. It is 4-3, we're playing to five.  You know you want those sandwiches, Jon.  Jeff: Jon needs to tie it up right here. If he doesn't, yellow wins reward.  Come ojon, get ready.  Jeff: Here we go. Survivors ready? Go!  Feet against the wood. Balance, that's all it is.  Jeff: Jeremy going for it. Jon trying to push Jeremy off. Jeremy falls in,  and we are tied. 4-4! It comes down to one final match. This is it. Showdown  between mother and daughter.  Let's go, Baylor.  Jeff: Couldn't be more fitting in "blood versus water" to see a  mother sp a daughter in the final match.  Take her out here, miss.  Jeff: Does mom have anything left in that tank? We're going to find out right  now. Here we go. For the win. Survivors ready? Go! This is it. Winner nice  reward, losers back to camp.  Keep it close.  Jeff: With rice.  Come oBaylor. Keep going.  Jeff: Nice balance by both women.  That's it, Baylor.  Jeff: Missy just looking for that opportunity.  Wait it out. Come on.  Finish this off. Watch out. Baylor, watch out?  Jeff: Missy goes in. Daughter defeet mom. Yellow wins reward.  It's all right, Missy.  It's all right.  It's all right.  Jeff: All right, yellow, nice reward. Out on the water, sandwiches, drinks,  nice break from the game. Something good in your belly.  I have a question about if we can trade positions with a member on their.  Jeff: You want to give up your reward? You can give up your reward.  I can choose somebody on that team and switch?  Jeff:you can give it to whoever you want to.  I want to give my position up for Jon.  Jeff: Switch.  I want to give my position up.  Jeff: To who?  To jack.  Are you guys kidding me.  My gosh!  Jeff: Jaclyn, come on over. Jon, come on over.  Thank you so much, Jeremy.  Jeff: Wow! Crazy trade!  Oh, my gosh. I’m going to cry.  I'm, like, holding back tears right now.  I know.  Jeff: Jon, Jaclyn, take a spot over here on the winning team's platform. Join  the winners.  I love you guys!  Jeff: Natalie, explain this to me. That's a massive trade on day 22 when food  is so hard to come by.  At tribal council, I was really nervous about what was going to go down, and  when somebody shows you that they're loyal to you, I feel like the only thing  to do is show back some love and respect.  Thanks so much.  Jeff: Natalie and Jeremy, in giving up your spot, before deciding on exile,  you also gave the power to decide who is going to exile. It can be anybody in  this game. But you five have to decide.  We're going to choose Jeremy.  Jeff: Jeremy's going to exile. You go with na?  I'm good with that.  Jeff: All right, Jeremy, grab your stuff.  Jeremy, thank you so much, dude.  Jeff: I can't remember will return in time for the next immunity challenge.  Two minutes ago he was on a yacht. Baylor, Alec, Reed, Jon, Jaclyn, nice  afternoon. Enjoy it. Grab your stuff. Head down to the beach. The boat will  pick you up.  Love you guys.  Have fun.  Jeff: Keith, Wes, Missy, Natalie, got nothing for you. Grab your stuff. Head  back to camp.  We chose Jeremy to go to exile just because I’m positive that there is an  idol on exile, and it would be better for our alliance to find it.  Oh, my gosh. We ended up getting the "w" but I decided I would give  up my spot to Jon.  Jon needs food.  Let's do it.  I just wanted to do this so he knew I appreciated him siding with us last  night at tribal. But also just to make sure that movinged for, I could always  count on Jaclyn and Jon to trust me and Jeremy and, you know, this is going  to be leverage for me down the road.  He was almost crying.  He was.  Him and Jaclyn both.  Natalie and Jeremy traded places for the reward was a big-time strategic  move. I mean, Jon and jackie ain't going to flip now. I congratulate her for  it. Touche for them.  If me or he is going home, let us know. I don't want to get blind sided.  I want to send Reed next.  I just don't want to get hashtag blindsided.  Wesley was letting nat know that he department want to be blinddecided. I don't  know if they took that hint. It was a small hint, really. All right, I’m over  it.  Me, too.  Are you?  Yeah.  That way we get a little heads up on playing the idol or passing the idol  between us two.  Jon and Jaclyn joined our alliance, and I appreciate that. So giving up our  reward for them, it's the least that I could do. "the path to victory is  a rocky one. It's hard climbing the ladder of success, but with immunity in your  pocket, you might feel a bit less stress." I came to exile because I want  to find the idol so I can protect myself and I can bring it back to my  alliance and say look what we have. And then now everybody feels like we can  trust him. So when I make a move, they don't expect it. But at first, I need  to find this idol. That looks like the yacht that I’m supposed to be on right  now. Eating sandwiches and drinking beer.  Look at that!  Guys, look at the dolphin! ( cheers )  i've never seen that!  There they are!  Going on a yacht, seeing dolphins jump in, it was really cool. Being able to  share that with Jaclyn was incredible.  These chips aamazing.  I love you so much.  I love you, too.  It was a good way for Jeremy and Natalie to show their gratitude. We were  very thankful for it. But you do have to realize this is a social game, and  that was a very big play on their part. To the best team "Survivor's"  ever seen. Cheers!  I love food and I love rewards but Jon and Jaclyn were not supposed to be on  the reward.  Thank you, Jeremy and Natalie!  I know, thank you, Jeremy and Natalie.  Natalie is just trying to ingraishate herself to everyone by "oh, I’m going  to give up my spot for this. And I love you, so I’m going to give up my spot  for that." it makes meantime to hurl because it's so transparent. Yes,  it cements Jon and Jaclyn in the alliance but in the end does it really mean  anything? Not if I can help that. I don't have anything to lose right now. I may  have to stir up a little chaos to stay in the game right now. It may end up  being the last nail in my coffin but it's a risk I’m willing to take at this  point. It's just a long night. There's no shelter. You're sleeping on rocks  next to the fire. It's just not fun. I stayed up most of the night, and now I’m  feel real lethargic this morning, like I got hit by a train. Not fun. This  time I wanted to find the hidden immunity idol, and I didn't find it. Let me  go check that out one more time. I climbed this all day yesterday, and I can't  find it. The only thing I’m thinking is Jon already found it. If Jon came out  and found it, that would be great. But he should have told me he it and then  I wouldn't be out here for two days you know. I’m dying over here. I’m tired.  I’m thinking about when Jeremy comes back, he's going to probably have gotten  a more specific clue. And if it says, like, anything about it being on the  island, then he knows I found the idol.  Yeah.  So either people are anything to think he's extremely stupid and is trying to  pull off that he couldn't find it, or they're going to think I was lying this  whole time. This is one of those times where I hadn't really considered  what's goings to happen when Jeremy does come back and says he can't find the  idol. Thane he's not dumb. My entire cover would be blown, and then I could  be in very big trouble.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! We'll now bring in Jeremy, returning from Exile  Island. ( applause ) wow. You look beat up. Exile kicked your butt?  It was a tough two nights, a lot of bugs. The crabs were real shaky and  scary. Tough to do.  Jeff: All right, you guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: First things first, Jeremy, take back the necklace. Once again,  immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're going to unspool  a rope, dropping blocks into a basket. First to get their blocks stacked,  flag in the middle, wins. Just one twist-- for the first time ever, in "Survivor"  you will do the entire challenge using only your feet.  How does that work?  Jeff: You'll use your feet to untie your rope and put your puzzle together.  First person to place their flag wins immunity. Safe from the the vote.  Guaranteed a one in nine shot at winning this game. Losers go to tribal  council, where somebody will be voted out and become the second member of our  jury. We'll draw for spots. We'll get started. All right, here we go. Using  only your feet, Survivors ready? Go. Making history, and trying to win  immunity to keep your quest for the million dollars alive. Keith drops his  pieces. Jon, Natalie drop their pieces. Wes has his pieces and they go  everywhere. If a piece drops at any point, you can pick it up with your hand  to put it back in the basket, but you've got to use your feet to do  everything else involving this challenge. Everybody has their pieces now. Now  begins the learning curve. This is not something you typically practice at  home. It's going to really test your core. Your balance. Reed off to a fast  start. Keith doing a nice job. Jeremy off to a quick start. Jeremy won  immunity last challenge, would like to win it again right here. Jon struggling.  Missy's moving slowly.  No panic. No panic.  Jeff: There are 21 pieces total, seven on the bottom, seven in the middle,  seven on top. Then you have the flag, which will have to go up and over everything.  Reed working on that second level. Getting a little tougher now. Natalie and Baylor  on their second level. Wes doing a nice job. Alec struggling. Jeremy on that  second level. Keith moving very quickly. Reed moving quickly. He's on the  last piece of that second row. And he's got it. Reed working on that top row.  Keith working on that top row. It is Keith and Reed.  What!  Jeff: You don't want to pan nick this challenge because anything can happen.  Somebody can knock half their stack over and go from first to last, like Reed  just did. Keith doing a nice job on his third row. Natalie now working on her  third row. Baylor working on her third row. Jaclyn still moving slowly. Missy  trying to pick up some ground. Jeremy getting ready to start on that top row  now. Wes working on that top row. The higher this gets, the more difficult it  gets. Less wiggle room, requires more of your core to lift those pieces up  and keep them steady. Keith only a couple of pieces left. Reed with only a  few pieces left. Huge immunity on the line. Keith on that last piece on the  final row, disaster. Reed one piece left on his top stack. Then it's on to  the flag. Reed knocks one off. He's got to try it again. Natalie drops her  stack. Baylor doing a nice job on her third row. Jeremy trying to get back in  this. Reed drops again. Gotta try it again. Baylor very close now.  Get it, bay. Come oBaylor!  Jeff: Baylor now with her last piece on that top row. It is Baylor and Reed. Baylor  drops a piece.  Go slow, Baylor.  Jeff: Reed trying to put that last piece, he knocks two down. Door is open  for Baylor. Baylor has it. She's now going for the flag.  Come oBaylor!  Jeff: Reed's got to pick it up now.  Okay, calm down, calm down.  Take your time!  Jeff: Baylor, can she do it.  Baylor, go slow.  Jeff: Yes! Baylor wins individual immunity!  Nice!  Yeah!  That's a girl! ( applause )  hey, hey, nice work. Nice worng.  Oh, dear.  Geez, how tough is that, Hunahpu?  That was insane.  Jeff: Baylor, come on over. ( applause )  Jeff: Nice job ( applause ) Baylor safe from the vote tonight, guaranteed a  one-in-nine shot at winning the million bucks. As for the rest of you, after  24 tough days in nicaragua, somebody going home tonight, will become the  second member of the jury. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. See you  tonight at tribal.  Zapped me. If I was 100%, that would make a difference. I always want to win,  but as long as one of our alliance members won, I’m happy how it turned out.  I was close to. I’m a little bummed about that. I felt that was a custom-made  chances for me and I feel my chances of being here tomorrow are pretty slim.  I may be going home tonight so I may light this camp on fire on my way out.  So I was, like, I want to see what Keith has in his back bag. I want to see  what this old coot is sitting on. So I’m going through his bag, and I’m looking  and he's got the piece of paper that was folded up and creased over there. It  is the directions on what to do with the hidden immunity idol. Keith left a  paper trail. And I was like it's a big rookie mistake. Don't leave stuff in  your bag that you don't want people to find. So I did it. And I always  thought I hate when people go through people's stuff but desperate times call  for desperate measures. So here's the thing, I kind of stumbled across  something today that wasn't-- it was kind of fortuitous. I went to grab what  I thought was julia's bag, and it was Keith's bag. And it had the clue to the  hidden immunity idol in it. It's the note that says, "this is a hidden  immunity idol."  seriously. On a piece of paper.  "immunity idol rules."  oh, my God.  That means we know where the idol is. Keith has it.  I know Reed's scrambling, but if Keith really has an idol, it's not good at  all. Quite frankly, it may be something that we should think about.  You guys still have the numbers and then me, because I’m voting with you  guys. So I just wanted to put that out there.  Keith has an idol?  Yeah.  When is that? When did he find it? If what Reed says is true, freaking Keith,  out of all people, has an idol, which is baffling. I would never think Keith  would be the one to find it. And be able to hide it this long. Whons how long  he's had it? So it's about to get crazy.  Somebody broke into my bag. I've got the idol, but now everybody knows I have  the idol. The clue and everything was wrapped up with the idol. The idol was  in my blue jeans pants. The clues and everything was in that blue bag. And  it's now gone.  There's a thief out here somewhere.  I mean, that's my stuff. I don't like-- I don't go through your stuff. I don't  expect people to go through my stuff, but different people got different Values,  I guess. We're up-- we're up a creek. So word might be out that Keith's got  the idol, and it might come in play sooner than later.  Keith has an idol Reed found it.  What?  In his bag. He found the papers that says, "this is an idol." what  did you do with yours?  I burned them.  They're definitely his and he has one.  A lot going on. Total mayhem now at camp. Keith has an idol, so he's got a  very good play in his pocket. Definitely complicates things.  I'm telling you, Jon got that idol. I’m telling you. Nat, I looked  everywhere. He definitely has it.  Jon is trying to take control of everything.  You're the only one I trust here,un what I mean?  You're the only one I 100% trust.  Don't trust nobody else. Jon is trying to set it up right now. I think Jon has  the idol so my plan is I want to try to catch him in a lie because Jon's,  like, the worst liar.  This is the clue. I want you to read it. And you tell me where you think it  would be on exile.  On the island, right?  I went up both of them. Digging. Nothing there. So that's why i'm, like, Jon had  to have found it. Because i'm, like, " why o, if you found it, we don't  need to go back.  I know.  We could send them, and they could die out there.  Jeremy, I would--  dang! He's got to be lying but I have to trust him a little bit. We're all in  this together. We're trying to go to the final six, and then we'll see what  happens.  Somebody got the idol.  I don't think so.  Sending Jeremy to exile was a great thing at first, but I think right now Jeremy  actually does believe that I have the idol and just isn't saying that, so I need  to do something and change the course of the game. After thinking about it  and talking to Jaclyn, we both realized how much we trust you.  Okay.  So i-- I found the idol.  Did you?  Yup.  Today?  No. On exile.  Yes!  I hope you're not offended. I would like Jeremy out this time or next time,  because I’m thinking if he says he doesn't have the idol--  you he will start telling people do you and everyone will start getting--  yeah.  I just got this information about the idol, and I’m very pleased to know that  Jon is super aligned with me. But he's got this look in his eye. Jon is  saying Jeremy's a threat. Jeremy's a threat. Now may be the time to take out Jeremy.  I watch Jon and Jaclyn barrel through people so far and they have no problem  pissing people off, and since I started this game, you know, i've been  aligned with Jeremy and Natalie from my old tribe. Jeremy and I initially  were together full-fledged. So for the first time, it's, like, a little bit  cloudy. And at the end of the day, it's, like, okay, are we making the right  decision? I just think maybe a better way to do it is try to flush the idol,  take together six strong, and just because we rock the boat too hard, one of  us is going to fall out.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the first member of our jury. Josh, voted out at the  last tribal council. So, Jeremy, how big of a factor is trust right now when  you have what appears to be a group of six versus a group of four?  Mean, trust is huge. In this game, it doesn't even have to be six versus  four. Trust is huge within an alliance. That's what we've been building all  season. And hopefully, it lasts all the way to the end.  Jeff: What do you do to ensure that it does?  I mean, it's little things. For instance, Jaclyn and Jon joined our alliance.  After the reward nat and myself won we gave did to them and said, listen, you  guys go enjoy yourself. This is the least we could do for you having trusted  us and joining us.  Jeff: Jaclyn, that was a pretty big gesture to give up a big reward to you  and Jon. Does that complicate the game?  You know, honestly, it doesn't. It just reassured to me that they're both  with us, as much as we're with them. And thinking back on the decision we  made, I think we made the right one because if we went with the other  alliance I’m not sure anybody would have done that for me and Jon.  Jeff: Jeremy, then after winning a reward, giving it up, you get sent to Exile  Island.  Da-da-duh!  Jeff: You're mister dpifg.  But, Jeff, it's not exactly selfless. It definitely serveaise purpose. It  cements in trust. It's, "hey, you scratch my bark i'll scratch  yourself." so it's self-serving in being selfless.  True.  Jeff: Which is one of the greatest moves you can make this this game.  Absolutely.  Jeff: It's a win-win.  Totally.  Jeff: So, Jeremy, what was exile like this time.  Oh, man.  Jeff: Because you were out there a long time.  In this game i've been feeling all right, and i'll tell you I was spent.  Sleeping on rocks with no shelter. It kicked my butt. I was exhausted when I came  back.  Jeff: Missy, when he came back, did you see the difference in the energy?  Oh, yeah. I mean, he usually cruises in with a huge smile on his face. And  today, he was completely fatigued. He definitely looked like he had been in a  battle. It was a different Jeremy.  Jeff: Has there been any talk about idols, Missy? Because we're on day 24,  and we have not had an idol played yet.  There's certainly speculation of who possibly could have it. But I think  people are really comfortable. You know, it's like you shouldn't be that  comfortable in your skin this entire game. You shouldn't. Because you have no  idea. It can switch on a dime.  Jeff: Jon, do you think somebody here has one?  I feel extremely confident that somebody here has one.  Jeff: Which, Natalie, if one of those four-- Reed, Keith, Wes, or Alec-- Alec--  has an idol, and they play it tonight, the game could flip like that.  Yeah, it is scary that maybe they have one. And, you know, in turn, it is  kind of scary one of your alliance members are hiding one with you as well.  Can I just throw something out there? So the four on the other alliance, two  of them, Alec and Reed, have been really forthcoming in talking to all of us,  but on the other hand, Wes and Keith haven't talked to me or Jon about  anything. So that shows me confidence. So if I were to take a wild guess and  say who has an idol, I would say Wes or Keith because they're not really  scrambling.  I haven't talked to you about strategy this whole game at all. And you  haven't came to me, either.  No.  Either.  But when you guys were trying to recruit us to be on your side, it probably  would have helped you.  You told me my loyalty with was with you.  I come back from exile and I hear you're not even talking to--  and why would we join you guys when you don't take consideration of half of  us.  She didn't come to me.  You were trying for us. Why should she come to you. Could you please vote  with us? By the way, we don't care about your girlfriend. When Keith is talk,  he says Jon, he doesn't say Jon and Jaclyn.  We tried early tore get them come over here, but once Jon decide--  why don't you guys talk to the girls more I think is what she's saying.  I talk to your mom all the time.  Hey! I’m a girl. She's a girl.  I don't know. I just don't go around talking to all the girls, I guess talk  when I pass them or something.  Jeff: Reed, great news for you.  Yay!  Jeff: Any time somebody is yelling at somebody else at tribal and it's not  you, whoo-hoo.  You have those moment where's you're like keep gfight with each other. It's  one of those things where from second to second, things change. If you can  make it into the next second you may have a whole new world of opportunity in  front of you.  Jeff: Jeremy, so much of tonight's conversation is centered around timing.  When is the right time to make the right move? Is that something that you  think about all the time out here?  When we knew that Jaclyn and Jon were on the fence, I thought timing is  everything, especially when Jon was at exile. I said let me make sure that Jaclyn  is all right. And prove that-- I have a wife. If someone takes care of my  wife, like, that's all that matters to me. I got your back.  Jeff: Natalie, what has to happen tonight for you?  What has to happen for me is that my alliance sticks on tower plan, and don't  let anything happen that will allow us to be distracted from our long-term  dpoalz, especially when people are desperate and they will say anything to  you to get what they want. Jeff: All right, it is time to vote. Missy, you're  up.  Happy retirement, buddy.  Jeff: I'll go tally the vote. If anybody has the hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay, once the votes are  read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Keith. Reed.  Keith. Reed. Reed. That's three votes Reed, two votes Keith. Jeremy. Jeremy.  Two votes Jeremy. Jeremy. That's three votes Jeremy, three votes Reed, two  votes Keith. That's four votes Jeremy, three votes Reed, one vote left.  Eighth person voted out and the second member of our jury, Jeremy. Need to  bring me your torch.  Jeff: Jeremy, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Tonight's vote is  both a brutal and beautiful example of why you should never give up. Anything  can happen. Grab your torches, head back to camp, good night.  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff:next time on "Survivor":  right now?  Yeah.  Jeff: With Jeremy gone, Natalie is out for revenge.  I want to give Jon a taste of his own medicine.  And Jon becomes public enemy number one.  Somebody feels comfortable.  He's going home tonight.  You're 100%.  I'm 100% down.  Now we're going to change the game.  They got me. They pulled a fast one on me. I did not see that one coming at  all. I was so forthcoming with everything with my alliance. I thought we were  all set. If I knew we were going to go lobby this, I would have taken that  last award. I don't have an alliance, obviously. I’m just shocked. That's  all. Too bad. Good guy lost this time.