<br/>[Jeff Probst] - Previously on Survivor... It was down to the final four. - We're in the home stretch, and emotions are just all over the map. - In which city and state is Jessie a deputy sheriff? At the first of two final immunity challenges, Kim Johnson's memory led her to victory, and Tom was voted out of the tribe. The tribe has spoken. Under a blazing sun, the final three took part in one last endurance immunity challenge, and Kim outlasted Ethan and Lex, insuring her a place in the final two. At Tribal Council, she voted Lex out of the tribe... Lex, the tribe has spoken. ...choosing to face the jury with Ethan by her side. When the final votes were tallied, it was Ethan Zohn who won the title, Sole Survivor. Tonight, the final adventure into the private lives of 16 Survivors back from Africa. - Well, Survivor: Africais over, and 16 more lives have been changed forever. Tonight, we go beyond the game and take you deeper into the lives of those who have played. From the unexpected... - I couldn't spell "Clarence." I put "C.B." There I am, 46 years old, on national TV and can't spell. - Whoa, man! - ...to the revealing... - We've seen quite a bit of her, you know, more than most son-in-laws get to see of their mother-in-law. - ...to the families they came home to. - I cringe a little when one of my friends says, "Oh, your son's really hot!" - Every Survivor has a different way of keeping their memories of the game alive. Lex, well, he brought back... - A couple of baboon teeth. - And Kelly? - Okay, I stole Clarence's war paint. - But our journey begins with a man who's picked a more unusual way to remember his tribe mates. - And Kim Johnson, where's that old goat at? Come here, come here, Kim! I just put their names on the cattle. They have some of their characteristics. I'm an animal person, and the animals out in Africa was probably one of the greatest experiences I ever had in my life. There I was sitting right in the middle of Wild Kingdom. At 45, I thought I'd done some things and I found out I ain't done diddley. This just shows me that there's more to life then just what's there around the corner at the house. [country tune playing] I was pretty wild and rusty in my younger days, and I had a pretty big reputation before Survivorcome, and this just added fuel to the flame. I like all types of music. I know about one line of every song. â Honey, baby, mine... â I like music, I like to dance. But Bluegrass, I grew up with, I love it. - Tom has always had the ability to get along with women. And I have never seen him meet a woman that he can't talk to. He's like a magnet. He's witty and he's a bundle of fun. [laughing] - Something that makes me feel vulnerable is spelling. Clarence Black, he let the team down. I couldn't spell "Clarence," I put "C.B." There I am, 46 years old on national TV and can't spell. And I started a little reading program, "Reading is the key to Survival," because of that. How ya'll doing? Lookee here, how'd I get him? Which one's yours? Attaboy, you got a lot of feathers. - I think he realized right then that he could do something in our community to really help to motivate these children to read. - If I can help one kid be able to read and spell, if I can help one kid do better than me, I'm... I'm glad it embarrassed me. Come to daddy, come to daddy. I'm still not the sharpest tool in the shed, but I'm still in the shed, and I'm happy to be here. I'm even more happier than I was before. - Since I've been back from Africa, the job market's really tough. All right, thank you. Taking all these small jobs and I walk someone's dog as well, for cash just because I need it. [dogs barking] I'll take up baby-sitting for people, moms that I've met at the gym. - Get off. - You want me to get off? This was my luxury item that I was able to bring into Africa with me and this necklace has a very special meaning to me. It was given to me by my brother. And I wore it to Tribal Council every time I went. It was kind of my security. I always had my necklace on. In 1998, my brother was killed in a very tragic accident. Lex looks a little bit like my brother, so every once in a while, I would kind of get this quick look of Lex and think, "Oh my gosh," you know, it looks like him. And it was just a reminder. My brother, he really is here with me. He's here, making sure I'm okay. It wasn't just about trying to win $1 million, and it certainly wasn't about just being on TV. [cheering] To me, it was much more about the competition between me and myself. I have it! Big Tom nicknamed me "Little Bit." He saw me and he thought, "That little bit of a girl is going to make it out here in Africa." [bell rings] People would keep telling me how small I was, and it really angered me. I was out there giving 150% of everything I had to say, "You can count on me. I can handle this. I'm strong." I took so much away from the game, and I learned so much about myself. There were moments of every single day I spent out there that I thought, "I want to go home, I don't want to play this game anymore." - Keep going! Kim, it's not over! - But somehow, some, some way, I always pushed through that feeling. Come on, Powers. You can do this, Powers. Come on, one more, push. And went on. And that's the one thing that I... I think I'll probably always remember about playing the game was that it was tough and it was hard and I wanted to give up, and I never did. And that's the thing that I'll always draw from. - When you're smiling When you're smiling â â When you're smiling When you're smiling â â Then the whole world smiles with you â â Smiles with you - One thing about dentistry that I really love is that once I step into this role, and I'm working on a patient, I don't think about anything else. Didn't hurt, did it? Didn't feel a thing, did ya? Saw patients all day, worked all day, jump in the car, I'll put the top down, put some tunes on and cruise on home. - What do you drive? - You don't want to know what I drive. - Yes, we do, yes, I do. - No, you don't want to know what I drive. - Aw, tell me, Doc. - I'm not telling. - The question came up about what kind of car I drive and what kind of lifestyle I had. I already knew that Silas was trying to put in play, "Here's a guy who doesn't need the million dollars." - Doc getting out all his... all his valuables and all his money. - Mercedes! - I have one of those. - What else? - What do they say? "Little boys grow up to be men with bigger toys." It's definitely true, I like my toys. - A Porsche. A Porsche. You have a Porsche. - I drive a Porsche, pardon me, you know what I mean. I've worked my entire life to get to this level, you know. I'm not embarrassed of that. That's the American dream. That's what defines America. I feel I epitomize the American dream in my own right. 12 years old, I remember reading Disney's autobiography, and he had a little quote in there that said, "If you can dream it, you can do it." And I live that way. I dream... I dreamed that I would be on Survivorno problem. That experience in Africa definitely changed me. Look, I'm the old guy, okay, but I know what needs to be done. Every morning-- fire, water and food. Well, of course, I went to get the water because if I don't get it it's not going to get done. You think anybody else gets off their ass to do anything. They thought they signed up to go to the Y.M.C.A. and roast marshmallows and maybe win a million dollars, they're wrong. - After being out there for, I guess, two and a half months and not having family there, it's changed him a lot, and he's more willing to listen to people. - My wife said she should have sent me 20 years ago, made me a nicer person. - He seems genuinely sweeter, kinder. I think he really missed me a lot, and his actions show it. - Life is fun and you don't know what tomorrow's going to bring. So, go for it. If you shoot for the stars, if you miss, you may land on the moon. [Probst] - When we come back, Lindsey's darkest hour. - The most embarrassing moment of my life, by far. - And Survivor's most colorful castaway. - I got my Catholic schoolgirl. - Survivorhas a way of making strange bedfellows. In our next group, one old-fashioned guy, two strong-willed women, and someone who clearly is a different drummer. - One, two, three, four. - My life before Survivorwas... I had a good life, don't get me wrong. I spent about ten, 12 years working in the high-tech industry, surfing with my buddies, and going out catching a good surf. But I never felt like I was really cut out for that kind of ordinary life. Cool. I've got some good tattoos. I've got my devil head, Catholic schoolgirl, samurai fighting a snake. Obviously, my wife and my kids, huge part of my life. My very favorite tattoos are the ones my boys drew for me. It's actually a drawing of me. I've got my boy's names: Corbin Ace Daniel, River's name is right here. When I got back from Africa, I actually celebrated my ten-year wedding anniversary. My wife and I both got wedding anniversary tattoos, you know, ten years on the dice there. My wife actually got one as well, right there. We're freaks. I recall coming home, seeing my wife and kids, being just so stoked about seeing them. Of course, my luxury item. They're these shoes, they have now taken a special place in my home. They'll always hang out with my Survivorstuff now. Hey, River, do you remember these? - Yeah. - You wore these. You learned to walk in these shoes. - I know. - Yeah. Really the only thing that has ever really been important to me has been my family and my friends. â Sleep all day... â I play in a band called Lucky Dog, with friends of mine for almost 20 years. We play here in Santa Cruz-- all original music. We have such a good time doing it. It's always been a huge part of my life. [laughing] Africa is... is nothing like the States. You might as well have taken 16 of us and dropped us on Mars or on the moon. I didn't anticipate that it was really going to be quite as dangerous as it was. I thought to myself, "We all know it's going to be tough, but they're obviously not going to put us in harm's way. [roaring] "There aren't going to be any animals that can pose any kind of threat to us." [roaring] - We hear him breathing. - I can hear him breathing. He's right outside the fence. [growling] - The drinking water. We show up, you know, at our drinking water hole, at the spring, expecting that it's going to be something pretty safe. This is mud. I came home pretty sick. The first three weeks back here was spent pretty much just doing a lot of this. My doctor found no less than four different parasites and a couple of different bacteria. I have to take so many pills, probably like almost a dozen. I'm still dealing with the results of being out there in a dangerous, hazardous, very real place. Almost the first question I'm always asked by people is, "Did you have fun and would you do it again?" And I had the time of my life and I would do it again in a heartbeat. [sea lion barks] - Being on Survivor, going to Kenya for seven weeks this summer was extremely meaningful, very important to me. This place can just... can just fill our spirits! I don't know if they're spirits or what. I just feel very protected in Africa. Life is different now for me. I'm still the same person. Come here, did your mama never hug you? But there's definitely been a transformation. I think I'm calmer. I think I'm more focused now in terms of what's really important in life: family, friends. Good job, very good job. - I wasn't the least bit surprised that she wanted to do Survivor. I've seen her passions escalate from race walking to roller blading to mountain climbing, now yoga. When she gets an interest, she gets very passionate about it. - Once I was diagnosed with thyroid cancer, when I heard those words, "You have cancer," I felt like my life was spinning out of control. It was soon after, very soon after, that I decided to climb Mount Rainier. And each time I take a trip it's not about reaching the summit. It's not the destination. It's about the journey. So it's really a metaphor for how I try to live my life. - She always has a positive attitude and she's always telling me, "Go for your dreams." - Get them ready, keep them down on the ground. - I never went on Survivor for fortune or fame. I went because I was looking for an exciting, interesting, and challenging adventure. - Linda! - This show has taught me to live my dreams, to go for it. That life is the ultimate adventure. If you have a dream, you have a goal, you have a desire, go for it! - Woo! I was at a point in my life I think where things were getting a little monotonous, plugging along, working out, you know, training on my bike... ...flying back and forth to see my boyfriend. I hope my boyfriend doesn't wake up some mornings and think, "God, what is next to me?" And I was ready for something, just something big and exciting to just, kind of... turn my life around. [laughing] I got me a tick on my ass! Ow! - Lindsey is who she is. What you see is what you get. That kind of sums up her personality. - Competitive. [grunting] Emotional. I just started to cry because I felt sad, and we're all stressed out and... Intense. Oh, okay. Emotional. Competitive. Wait, towards me. Damn it! I just went back and forth, from one to another. [groaning] - Barbie went down in Africa. - I never feel pain. I'm not one to hide what I'm feeling. I just started my period. No wonder I have cramps! Mm-hmm, yeah, that was a great moment, wasn't it? The most embarrassing moment of my life, by far. - Excuse me, Africa, you know? We're not down at the mall here, you know. - Big, big mistake, coming out of my big, big mouth. And trust me, when I'm pumped, you don't want to [bleep] with me! - [gasping] I think she said the F-word. He said, "Nah." I said, "Are you sure?" And he said, "Well, no." - She speaks her mind. She's extremely honest and truthful and up front with people. - Don't underestimate me, people! - She's a really fun, fun girl. And I think that... - You're with me because I'm fun? That's all? Oh, my God. - Well, you are sometimes. - Give me a kiss. I'm very sensitive. I'm almost too sensitive sometimes. This show just... just boosted me up in maturity a little bit more. - Let's go, honey. - Thank you. It wasn't positive seeing some of the ways I handled situations. - Lindsey, have you made any mistakes so far? - I'm a walking mistake. I think I grew a lot from it. - Lindsey, would you go boil some water for us please? [laughter] - What you saw on Survivor was... was me, the real deal. No, just go! Just come around the corner. You know, Frank Garrison is not going to change, and either you like me or you don't like me. It really doesn't weigh heavily on my mind. Going to make two huge S's here on each side. - I was worried that Frank would come back a different person. That it would really affect him and change him dramatically. - I can't help it if these little liberal special interest groups that the media give open market to... - But Frank is Frank, and three days after he was back, I knew he was the same man that he was when he left. - We're going, bud. We're going. Let's go home, guys. - Frank can be the most charming, sweet, and lovable person, and the biggest jerk in the next breath. - Let's just get moving along. [beeping] Jocelyn Rose up and at them, let's go! Come on, guys. - Frank, we just hit the snooze button. - My life's philosophy in general is to get up early in the morning. Okay, can I have a kiss? I love you! Kiss your wife and children. See you later, alligator! Go to work. Give the man 100%. He gives you a little bit back. And come immediately home, and spend time with the family. - He's a very loving father. - Would you like a cup of coffee? - And a very loving husband. We found out I was pregnant the day before we got the call that he was actually going to Africa. And when Frank left, there was something missing in the whole family dynamic. What was missing was his enthusiasm for life, and his zest for everything that he does. - Very good. Straight arrow. See how nice and straight that went? - When I think of my dad, I think of hugging. I think of sharing... - Yes, ma'am. - Here you go. - ...I think of being a leader. - Samburu! - The things that were important to me prior to Survivorare the same things that are important to me now: providing my family with the basics of food, shelter, and security, but most importantly, love. [Probst] - Coming up, we go hot tubbing with Mama Kim and mud-slinging with just about everybody. - Clarence, I just didn't like him worth snot. - Welcome back. Well, at the end of every Tribal Council, the person voted out has to leave immediately. Once the tribe has spoken, the departing Survivor can't. So we decided to give them a chance for a parting shot. - Clarence Black. - Oh, Clarence. - Loves to talk about himself. - Like him a lot, he's my favorite. [cheering] - I just didn't like him worth snot. - [laughing] - Kelly Goldsmith, off with her head. - Woo! - Cut it right off. - Lex, eccentric. - Lex is like a 16 year old living in a 40 year old's body. - Eh. - Lindsey Richter. - A bit of a whiner. - Emotional. - Emotional. - Emotional. - You're sweet. You were in over your head, though, sweetie. - Okay. - Tom. - Yeah. - A dirty, old pervert that I love. - Good ole... - Country boy. - It's a sickness, it's a sickness. - Silas Gaither. - That smile could knock your socks off. - You love yourself. - Ethan Zohn. Quiet. [sighs] - Super sweet guy, shy. - Um... - Mr. Lovable. - Great hair. - Frank. - Frankie. - Hardcore. - Green beret. - Trying to be sensitive here. - Frank and his deer antlers. - Brandon... in a different world. - Good job, Frank. - Jessie, what a woman. - Me? - Hot. [laughs] - Kim Johnson. - Wait a minute, let me think on this one. Dear God. - Probably be clever. - Honest. Like my mom, I got along with her great. - There's nothing more important to me in my life than my family. I've got three kids, all married, three grandchildren, one on the way. It doesn't get much better than that. - Hello there. - My oldest child is Wendy. Wendy and her family only live four miles from me. Hello, hey, love! Yeah. Our son, Teddy, just got married two weeks after I got home from Africa. My middle child, Kerry, just had the most beautiful baby boy. We spend as much time as we can with them, where they live in Durango, Colorado. Growing up was... was tough. It was really just my mom and myself. I was really more the mom. We had a lot of problems-- health-wise, money-wise, every-wise. I never really had a warm and loving relationship until my husband. Come on, Sierra. Ted and I met when we were in college. He's been my best friend ever since. - Kim was 19 when we got married. The way she grew up, it gave her the resolve to really put her all into making everything work. - We've really helped keep each other young. I probably do look like a grandmother, but I don't think most of the time I act like a grandmother. - When she gets her mind made up on something, there's just no stopping her. - At my age, which is 57-- ouch-- my life is... is pretty much set. I'm not going to go out in the street and hang out with a guy full of tattoos and say, "Hey, what's your life like?" Yes! It was so cool to be able to spend time with people different from me. As far as the thong thing goes... - Whoa, man! - I didn't go there with the idea of taking off my pants. - Women in her thong there. - We had people over in our apartment and then they showed scenes from next week. All of a sudden the thong was out there, and the place went crazy. - Anything to get this challenge. - We've seen quite a bit of her, more than most son-in-laws get to see of their mother-in- law, so that's... that's been a big plus, too. - You and the whole town. - Yeah, well, and all our friends. - I came away from this experience with a reaffirmation of my ability to do what I want to do when I want to do it. It's probably the coolest thing I've ever done. - Every day, I like to basically start with a devotion. "For God so loved the world that he gave his only son." I focus on the day ahead and... and, you know, I read a chapter from the Bible a day, and it just kind of gets, you know, my priorities straight and that sort of thing. Coming from Tennessee to Los Angeles was a huge move. I'm trying to make it as an actor. And I try to read a script a day, and bartending to make ends meet. It's a dog-eat-dog world out there. This is the green machine. But, man, I absolutely love it here. The beach, man. The temperature is perfect. Welcome to sunny California. The sun's shining bright. I mean, it's just absolutely amazing. You ready to rock? You know, depending on the day, I try to knock in a good day of surfing. It's that carpe diemmentality. Survivorhelped me in the fact that there's an unpredictability about it, you know? - Silas, Teresa, Frank, you guys are now members of Boran. - The switch meant the game for me. Smokes. I never saw that coming. Right when I got kicked off, I couldn't sleep for a week! Just now, I mean, I'm finally starting to forget and relax and just, you know, really come down from it. You know, it's funny when you're in Africa, it's a place to, like, really think about life and think about the importance of life and like what we live for. If you were going to die tomorrow, it's relationships, and the relationship that I have with God and my family and friends and loved ones, man. I mean, that's, to me, that's the most important thing in life. - I love proving people wrong. I think that's my thing. Men that say that women can't do the same thing that men can do. Well, guess what? I love proving men wrong. [gunshots] The reason why I love police work is because it's a job where you can do something about society. My grandpa was a cop in Puerto Rico, retired 25 years. I've heard all the stories. I just fell in love with it. Now I'm working for the Sheriff's Department, and I love it. - She's a good cop, good cop. - Behind the cop, I am probably the coolest chick you'll ever know. No, no, no. I'm a big kid at heart. I like to do spontaneous things. Boxing is a good stress reliever. Your only concentration is on trying to get that person, and try to hit 'em and knock 'em out. It's fun. My sister was the one that made me do Survivor. - She's a tough girl. - Survivorin Africa was so much tougher than I thought it would be. I never expected the water conditions to be so bad. - Throwing up when you have so little hydration to go around, it's bad for her, it's bad for us. - Jessie, the tribe has spoken. - When I was voted off and I thought, "Wow, you know, I just disappointed my sister." Once the show was over, I actually stayed an extra month in Africa, and helped out in the community project, building a lodge, working with the Masai. Working with them was excellent. I mean, it was such a great experience. And I don't think I'll ever, ever, ever forget that. - Brandon was the hottest, sexiest, smartest guy on Survivor. Aah! I know he didn't look like it. Sorry. But Brandon was the bomb, uh-huh. I got a date with Frank! I got a date with Frank! I may have had my outlandish moments, but I was secure enough to be on a hit show, proclaiming that I was gay, and it didn't bother me if everybody knew it. - Are you gay? - Uh-huh, I am. They put me with people that they suspected would dislike me for that very reason. - Brandon would be the last person on earth I would pick. - You know what? I got along with them all very well. - Go, Brandon! - I'm not a very good bartender. And when I first started, I used to tell people, you didn't come because you thought I'd make a good drink. I always look good. - Brandon's skills as a bartender sometimes leave a lot to be desired. What he serves best is the attitude. - What do you want? - A drink! - I work in the leather bar-- big, burly guys, and I'm not that. I'm just a little almost-usedto-be-chicken kind of guy. I had never gone camping. First time I ever slept in a camping situation was my first night in Africa under those stars. Oh, my goodness! It made me realize that I really can do anything if I set my mind to it. C'mon, dude, let's go! - Brandon always said the reason he wanted to be on Survivorwas because there was no one on TV that he felt portrayed him. I think he wanted to show America a gay man in their middle 20s who's getting out on his own and finding his way and coming to grow as a person. - To Brandon! - The Walt Whitman School is for gay and lesbian teenagers who have been tormented in their schools and abused. - How did the other tribe members feel about you being a homosexual? - I'm just a normal gay person. Some of those kids might see me and maybe take a little inspiration, and that makes me feel very good. Just because I'm gay, don't assume certain things about me. You just never know what kind of person you're dealing with until you get to know them. And that's really all I want to say. [Probst] - When we come back, she's hard-driving, yet soft. - Are you calling me schizophrenic? - And later, the softer side of the hard-driving guy who won it all. - I'm in touch with my feminine side. - Her fellow Survivors called her the smartest girl out there. She says she's just a homebody with a wild streak learning to live in L.A. - From the beginning... - Go! - I was out-manned by everybody. I thought I was going to pass out. I felt like I was the worst athlete there. Ow! I thought I was definitely the first person voted off. But the snake pit that is Survivor... - We cut Kelly off tonight. We take her out. - Are you sure? - I'm sure. - Made me uniquely prepared to live in Los Angeles. [cars honking] - My days usually begin with a workout. Okay, guys, what do all good Californians do? Go to the gym! - Three, two, one, all right. - All right. By day, I edit. I'm a behavioral research analyst. What I do is very, very detail-oriented. I edit books. I mean, it's interesting to me, I love academics. I love research. Was cute. But part of me is a big homebody-- crocheting. It's... it's my weird introverted habit. I made this myself, and it's big. It's really, actually, if you look at it, it's not straight. But don't tell anybody. I usually actually make pillows. Oh, I have one of those, too. Pillows are my favorite. Well, I can't reach it because it's on the top shelf, but trust me that I have a pillow. I really... I can't sit still. But then there's this other side of me. I hop in my car, drive way too fast. I love to cut loose. I love to, you know, be wild. And then, you know, I come back, I love to crochet. Are you calling me schizophrenic? I love baking cookies. The secret is that I'm just a big dork at heart. It's just who I am. But, yeah, that's me. - Before I left for Survivor, I was working a lot. My mom, who's my best friend and, you know, she was even saying, "Teresa, I'm telling you, you're... "You're not spending enough time with your children. You're working too much." - Teresa doesn't want to be a real estate agent. She wants to be the best real estate agent, because that's just the way she is. She's basically a corporation. She was gone a long time, 48 days, with no communication. It was a long time. I obviously missed her, and the kids missed her. - I told my husband Brian when I left and the way I looked at it was, "I'm not going on a summer vacation to Africa. "I'm not going on a safari. I'm going on a business trip." The objective of the business trip was to go out there and be the last one standing of 16 people. It's just mind over matter. It's just a matter of saying, "I'm going to stand up here, and I'm going to be the last one, no matter what." - I get really scared every night because I'm afraid my mom could get voted off that night and, like, she could lose a challenge. [cheering] - Six hours, 20 seconds. You, my dear, get this. - Thank you. - Congratulations. - I kept thinking about my children. I kept thinking about Tyler and Elly. And I kept thinking about watching the show with them and them seeing their mom, one of the oldest ones, and just thinking how proud they would be. When I was out in Africa, I had so much time to think about family and what's really, really important. I started making a mental list in my mind of things I wanted to change when I got back home. Reading to the kids more, saying their prayers with them at night. Saying the blessing at the dinner table every night. Giving Brian more back rubs. I might regret saying that. - When I was watching her plane to come in, she was the one of the last ones to get off, and then when she got off, I was the first one to run up there and hug her. It felt great. [laughing] - As opposed to me just being... being a mom and a good friend, hopefully they'll see me as a role model, and say, "Hey, Mom, that's pretty cool." - I'm a city kid. I've grown up in the city. The city is where I'm from. Before Survivor, I was a financial consultant. - Clarence was my stockbroker. - How you doing, Mr. Green? - So we made some investments, that we was able to turn a profit and open a business... - I was, I guess, in that rat race, just like everybody else: 9:00 to 5:00 job. It just wasn't for me. In my first trip out of the country, I'm seeing animals and I'm seeing a way of life that I... that I can't even conceive of. I could still see him, too, I don't want to move. It was just an awesome experience, and the food was good, too. When I see a gazelle now, I think, like, "Man, you're a good piece of meat." [laughter] - Notice how everything eventually came back to food. When they said, "I think Clarence took two cherries," the first thought was, "Yeah, Clarence took two cherries." - I want to be a food critic. I'm going to be called the man's man's food critic. All right, we got ourselves some barbecue, all up in here. My man doing it up. We got some mac and cheese, Greens. That's a delicacy there, baby. If there's one thing being on Survivor'staught me is-- be yourself. I came back feeling like, "Wow, man. I've got to come up with some new goals." It made me want to go see more of these exotic places that are out there and not just be a city dweller. [alarm clock beeping] - My life as a single mom, it's not a chore, it's not a duty. It's a way of life for me. I get ready for work. I always wear makeup. It makes me feel like I'm ready for the day. That's it! Just enjoying a little bit of downtime before going off to the post office and another hectic day. Good morning. Then I wake my son up. Got a kiss? The whole time we were over in Africa, we couldn't make any contact with our family. - En guard! - I wanted to just say, "I'm okay, Alex. I didn't get eaten up by a lion." My safe return! My home's great. I love my home. It's bright, it's fun, it's happy. I'm bright and fun and happy, so... - You feel like you're inside a box of colors. And when you go into another house, you just feel like you're in a regular box of brown or white. - I'm real good at my job. I am real good at carrying mail. The audience, they didn't get to know me. - I did not open the can for me. I opened the can for her. - The bean incident. - That's a lie! - Clarence, that is not. - Diane! - He lied. He knows he lied. I think I'm a little more sensitive than I was before I left. I don't take anything for granted anymore. Love you, baby. - Good night, Mom, I love you. [Probst] - Ahead on Survivor: Back from Africa... - You don't have to be an evil, back-stabbing person to do well in this game. - What it took to win. - In the end, it was the professional soccer player and coach from Lexington, Massachusetts, who was the sole Survivor. He won it with his strength, his smarts, but mostly by sticking to his principles. - Before he left for Africa, I said to him, "Ethan, it's not that important that "you come home with a million dollars, "but you know what you have to come home with. You have to come home with your integrity." - I said to myself, like, "Listen, I'm not going to change "who I am as a person to be on the show. I want to come back with my dignity and self-respect." When I come home to Lexington, that's where I grew up, then I usually make a grand entrance. [cheers] That kid's got, you got my hair back there. I like that. Usually I go on and, you know, see my brother. He's a chiropractor. Hi. - Doing okay? - So he gives me a little adjustment to straighten me out a bit. I stop, I see my mom in her little knitting store. Hi, Mommy. - Ethan! I think he's appealing to women. I mean, I cringe a little when one of my friends say, "Oh, your son's really hot!" - I've always liked women. Maybe because I was brought up by my mom, I didn't have... I was sensitive, you know, the whole sensitive guy thing. I'm in touch with my feminine side. - Maybe it's because I doted on him so much after his father died. The biggest tragedy in his life was when his father died, and he was just 14 years old. - He got diagnosed with colon cancer, and I think from the time he was diagnosed to when he passed away, it was maybe a year. - No matter where Ethan went in the evening, you know, he knew he had to be home about 10:30, 11:00 to help get his father up the stairs. He could be, you know, having the best time of his life, but he was home, come 10:30, 11:00. If my husband woke up in the middle of the night, I couldn't lift him or take him where he needed to go, he'd say, "Okay, Dad, I'm going to count to three. Put your arms around my neck, and I'll lift you." And that's what would happen time and time again. - Having my father pass away and, kind of, me overcoming that, you know, I could have... is definitely, you know, my first lesson in survival, I guess, in being a survivor, because I could have easily, you know, gone the whole drug route, drop out of school, you know, be depressed my whole life. - I feel there was a change in him after that, a sense of intensity that I didn't see before. - I wanted to push forward and try to succeed and be the best I could possibly be at everything that I've done. Let's go, blue! Yeah! You know, I never thought in a million years that I'd be playing professional soccer. It was always a dream of mine. Easy! Easy! I played for the United States Maccabee team, and I went to Africa. I went to Zimbabwe, and I was one of two white people in the entire league. Walking into a stadium... [crowd cheering] ...with 50,000 people is just uplifting. Every time I step on the field, every time I put my cleats on, I just, you know, get that energy, that buzz that you get when, you know, it's... you're doing something you love. - You got it baby, you got it! [cheering] - There it is! - Survivoris a brilliant game. You're hungry all the time. You're tired all the time. You're dirty all the time. You're thirsty all the time. And then you have to make friends with people. You have to perform in challenges. [cheering] You have to perform in mental challenges. You know, you've got to watch your back. But you don't have to be an evil, back-stabbing person to do well in this game. You can be a nice, honest, genuine person and become the ultimate Survivor. [cheering] [Probst] - Up next, a look ahead to the remote Pacific Island where 16 new Survivors will face the challenge of a lifetime. [Probst] - Soon, 16 new strangers will be abandoned in the middle of the most remote place on earth, the Marquesas, part of Tahiti's mystical islands in the South Pacific. Thousands of miles from the nearest continent, it is a lush and tropical environment, and home to some of the most dangerous sea life in the world. And for the first time, these Survivors will be given no rations whatsoever. It is the ultimate challenge. Outwit, outplay, outlast until only one remains and emerges as the sole Survivor. Well, that's it for tonight. I'm Jeff Probst. Thanks for joining us, and we'll see you next month for Survivor: Marquesas.