<br/>NARRATOR: Previously on "Survivor." At Samburu, the  gap between young and old widened when Silas took sides with his own  generation. -The time for defense is over. I am no longer with the older people, and I don't care if they  know that. -It's very mature. They're trying to get under our skin, and it's working. NARRATOR: Boran rebounded from their losing streak, winning  their first reward challenge. Then, they bared all to claim immunity, sending Samburu to their  first tribal council, where the young-old split caused a deadlocked tie  between Lindsey and Carl. With no previous votes between them to break the tie, a sudden  death competition sent Carl packing. -True. NARRATOR: And Lindsey returned to camp with four votes. 13 are left. Tonight, one more will go. [THEME MUSIC] -We gotta make that fire big. -Big fire! [INAUDIBLE] follow the flag? -Yeah. -Well, we had our first tribal council. We voted [INAUDIBLE] off. [INAUDIBLE] went in there split four and four. -I'm still here, and I'm smiling big. -Anything could have happened. Literally, crap shoot. Whoever won that tribal council basically won the majority and  basically more or less took over the tribe. -This reveals if you guys want to go to the water hole or  whatever, we understand that. I mean, just let us know and we'll go. We'll either go as a group, or you guys can go and-- -And the  people that get up right away need to just be patient for those that need a  little extra sleep and may have stayed up a little bit longer. By the time I got back to camp, I felt really angry. Just, it all hit me. Like, oh my god, they picked me?! Those bastards! You know? And I just got really angry, and I just wanted to lash out and  just be mad at those three people for voting for me. Seriously pumped to get a reward tomorrow, seriously pumped. And trust me, when I'm pumped, you don't want to [INAUDIBLE]  with me. Don't underestimate me, people. -The thing about Lindsey, of course she handled it wrong. We needed their support and we needed to be kind to them. But boy, she really just kind of flew off the deep end. -It was rough for me. It was difficult hearing comments when I came back, like Lindsey  was saying, they picked the wrong girl! And comments like, OK, so come here, team. And they really meant the four of them. -Tomorrow morning, we are like a full-on team again. So it's just one more moment. -It was no accident because I was standing right there where  Silas was over by the fire. And they got him. And I thought, oh god, that's me! -Tomorrow is a new day. -It can be. -It's gotta be. -It don't gotta be. It can be. It's a new day. [INAUDIBLE] [INAUDIBLE] number four to three. But basically, they run the show. But damn you, Carl, for leaving your little bunch of misfits to  go camping with. I just-- it's going to be pretty miserable next couple of days. [MUSIC PLAYING] -Day 10. -Day 10. That's [INAUDIBLE]. -Yeah. -How's it looking? -Looks like we don't have as much as we thought we had. -That was very generous of you to [INAUDIBLE]. -Very good. -Breakfast is served. Breakfast of champions. CLARENCE: You know, I'm worried about Tommy. Tommy is not eating. A lot of what we have to eat is cornmeal. And he has a really tough time eating it. I don't think it's a taste thing. He physically just doesn't like the way it goes down. All it is really is just grits. Like, he would serve it with breakfast. -Well, grits is a nice thought for this stuff. But going down the hatch, it reminds you more of something that  rhymes with grits. But basically, no grits. We've got to find a little something we can munch on. Here, good! -Can you hit that? -I can hit that. -You sure you can hit that? -Hell yeah, buddy. You watch it! -The big country bear saw the palm trees. The palm trees have what's called a dome palm fruit on it. The palm tree that Tommy found was about 50 feet in the air. He was silly enough to think he was going to climb it. Tom, Tom, hell on, hell no! Get down, man! Tom, Tom! Your big country ass is climbing a tree in the middle of Africa. You realize that, don't you? -What? -You come down. Come down! We don't have safety harnesses. Yeah, I thought he was nuts. Oh! He's silly as hell. So finally, he got down. And we just started throwing rocks at it, trying to get  something to happen. -All right, brother. Rock and roll here. Watch your head! -Damn, Tommy! And we actually got two of them down. -Look, a palm! And then, after that, we've hammered ourselves to death trying  to get the doggone thing open. -I think you're getting a nice slice there. -Trying for over 30 minutes and getting tubed, then taking 20  minutes to open one. We had something about the size of your thumb now that you could  eat. In my opinion, it ain't worth it. -I mean, it's not as good as coconut. It's got a bad aftertaste. [MUSIC PLAYING] -I had mentioned it to Linda and Theresa. I said, I was taking it [INAUDIBLE] fifth gear as far as  responsibility, accountability, organizing things. And I was going to sit back. They were the majority. Let's see how they run a household. -Let's see if we have mail. When Frank and I got mail this morning, I was loving it. Oh, yeah, that was great. I thought, if anything, that'll drill in that you can't just  sleep late. Our water is low. Now, we don't have time to get to the water hole. Hey, guys. Hate to wake you up. We got mail. And we got 30 minutes! -Oh, my god. -We were sleeping late. And Linda had gotten tree mail and came up and woke us up and  said we had a half an hour to go to our reward challenge, which was just huge  and shocking. So we had all gotten up and were all very groggy and cranky. -Who would like to read this? -You read it. You read it. -No, no, no. Why don't one of you read it? -You'll have to decide how high you should climb. But if your team's better and quick like a spider, you'll be  celebrating as your bellies get wider. -Ah! -Rise and shine! It's a beautiful day. -Make it happen, team. -It's a food reward! Anybody hungry? -It's hot already. -We tried to sleep in, and we were awakened. And now we're struggling to get our bearings. -All right, guys, this is a reward, baby. This is a biggin'. All right, come here, Linda. Hey, you guys come here for a second. Come here, Frank, for just a second, man. You guys, you know what? Doggone-it, man, I know last night was-- we went in there 50-50. I realize this situation right now, guys. Let's come together right now as a team. We're so unorganized right now, you know? We're so-- -Still! -Still! -Silas with the knee? I've seen him on the knee twice. And I looked at that. And I guess, I don't know, that's like a football thing where  the coach gets down and just whatever. Maybe it's genuine. It seemed so cheesy to me. -Let's get fired up here and win this. -Can I make one suggestion? -Please, please do. Please! -There were several things last night that were stated. And what that did, you know, we were are willing to do this,  totally willing to do this. -I know. -And that made it go, [TEARING SOUND]. -You have to understand this, though, too, Linda. -That's all. -What if that was you on the cutting board. -There's no way I would've come back and said to the three  people, hey, team, team, come here! And there's no way I would have said, with that girl, revenge,  revenge! There's no way I would have disrespected any of you that way, no  way. Kim, you know. -It's over. It's about coming together now. -It's over. -Thank you! -So I'm sorry-- I'm sorry that it happened. -Yeah, we gotta go! I've been dying to be on this team! Let me on the team! -Linda this morning really came unglued. She has two very, very different sides. It's like this sweet little New England mom, and then there's  this, I don't know, crazy woman side, too. -I'm ready to be on the team! Ready to be on the team, honey! Can I have a hug? See? She's even hesitating. Give me a hug! Why can't you hug me? -I went to! -Come on, Frank, come on. Can we demonstrate a hug? This is a hug, sweetie. -Come on. -Come here. Did your momma never hug you? There you go. They were saying, oh, it's just because anger. And like, oh, let it go. I'm like, OK, great. Let it go. Let's go. And her arms went like this! And she got that look in her eyes like, I don't know, I had a  knife in my hand or she was going to-- I don't know. It was awfully strange. Why don't you give me a real hug? -It was hard. -It was hard? -The situation was hard. -OK, you're not ready for it. I understand. I understand. I respect that. -I saw a side to you that I'm-- -I totally respect that. [INAUDIBLE] really nervous about. -Well, you know what anger is? Anger is a cover up for sadness. Whenever we're angry-- -Well, I'm good at it. -Sadness gets there. -Well, it's funny. -Well, it's funny. No matter if it went the other way-- -Don't tell me it's all  right. -I was trying, just trying. But I respect your space. -Just everything sort of hit me this morning, and I just started  to cry because I felt sectioned out of my little group even though they're  totally supportive of me. I felt like the older group picked me. And how can I face them again? And I just felt sad. [MUSIC PLAYING] -Good morning, guys. How's the cornmeal taste? Getting a little bland? -Getting?! -It was bland to begin with? All right, hopefully we can do a little something about that  today. Today's challenge is a food reward. Behind us, on a rope web, 12 items that will dramatically  improve your meals-- things like olive oil, sun dried tomatoes. So a big food reward. Here's how it works. One at a time, tribe members are going to make their way up the  ramp, across the netting, and up the rope web. They're going to grab one item, bring it back. Once you cross the line, the next person goes. The first tribe to get all items back in their basket wins the  food reward. Losers get squat. Make sense? Wait for my go. Here we go guys. Survivors ready? Go! -Go, beans! Go, go, go! -Come on, beans! -Let's run! -Let's go! -Go, [INAUDIBLE]! [CHEERING] -Go, go, go! -Go! -Come on! [CHEERING] -OK, guys, get ready for your second run! You're still neck and neck! -Go, go! -Go, go, go, climb! Climb like you never climbed before! -Go, team! Burn! -All right, guys, you're still even. -Come on! [CHEERING] -Let's go, let's go! [CHEERING] -Go Lindsey! [CHEERING] -Go, go, go, go, go! [CHEERING] -Come on! -Samburu, it's your last basket! Boran, still got two! Samburu! Samburu, a lot of stuff in there. Take your prize home, have a good meal. See you guys tomorrow for immunity. All right, see you guys. [MUSIC PLAYING] -We lost the challenge. Unfortunately, you know, it came down to Kim went really slow. I feel terrible for her. She couldn't feel good, and I know she doesn't feel good. And it's hard. It must be really-- I'm glad I'm not in that situation. -Sorry. You did a great job. Also, I mean, I don't like to be that terrible at something. -Right, no one does. -That's, like, really terrible. -You know, we all fell. We all took our time. Every one of us fell. -We all said, you know, good job. You did the best you could. But really, she's like, I suck. Yeah, you suck. -I can tell from your faces everybody gave it their 100%. -You know, in competition it's not about giving it your best  sometimes. Sometimes it's about actually winning. -Just gotta hope we get out there and get them next time. -Let's just [INAUDIBLE]. -I wonder what immunity's going to be. -I don't know. -The thing that was most difficult about today's challenge was  my having to face the reality that Kim is definitely not up to some of the  more physical challenges. -There's nothing good about losing. -If our team is just real losers and we lose everything, that's  going to be awful. -All right! Woohoo! -Woo! -This morning was a little tense, but we really pulled together  today. And we won some food. All it all, it was an unbelievable victory today. So it boosted up morale, boosted spirits. It boosted everything, confidence-- it was a good thing. -Just pull them out one at a time and tell me what it is. -We've got golden chicken blend. -Nice! -To put in the mush? -Olive oil! Yeah, olive oil. -The basket we won was just amazing. We won soup mix, rice. We won jelly to put on stuff. I mean, it's flavor for the food that we have. And that's key. -When we fry it for [INAUDIBLE], we get [INAUDIBLE]. -Aahh! -I cannot be any more excited about the fact that we got food  unless it was water. I'd give it all up for water. -We do a water run right now as a team. We're going to have a heck of a hike, though. We're carrying all three big gourds, all the water gourds. -We should take [INAUDIBLE], I think. -Sure. -One of the big focuses in our group is water, obviously. We have to go get the water. We have to boil the water. Frank and doc were the two people who took that under their  wing, that were kind of the water people, getting the water, gone. And our group was going-- they're doing all the work. Fine with that. So we won't do any of it. We were more focused on the split in the tribe and manipulating  people and doing that than we were about any other part of surviving out  here. [INTERPOSING VOICES] -You fill this one, and you break. Take a breather. I'll fill this. We'll rotate through fillers here because I know you and Linda  usually fill these things, and we'll [INAUDIBLE]. -No, it's cool. I got this, the big one. -We were in a real water crunch. I mean, we were all dehydrated from the challenge severely. And I'm sure to prove a point to us, Frank and Linda and  [INAUDIBLE] let the water get completely gone. -Come on, guys, last leg. We're almost there. -Just going up. -Then we came home, lost another pot completely. Pots are extremely vital because that's the only way we have to  have clean drinking water. We have to boil it. -Is it leaking right now? -Yeah. -Yup. -One of our pots now is completely unusable. And the other one, it's still on its side and crumbling. Every time we put it in the fire, it crumbles more and more. -Let's fill it up. Who's got a gourd? -Things began to slack off. The water rations went down. My plan of attack was to let the comfort level drop completely  low. And I know they would break down. And you could see that things were falling apart. -Oh my gosh. Guys, we're in a heap of trouble. We-- -Can you [INAUDIBLE] the bottom? Can you [INAUDIBLE] it out? -You get that side and I'll-- -You ready? -Let's see if we can lift it up. Right there. Holy crap. -We now have completely shattered all of our pots. So it's a horrible situation that we got ourselves into. -Huh! -We are not in good shape, boys and girls. -Why'd you say that right now? -Make do, we'll make do. Still, like god, this tribe! Can we get our act together? There's still that hanging over my head, like, what is wrong  with us? You know, we crack pots, we whine, we complain, we have  problems, people are fighting, da-da-da, whatever. And I'm like, god, when are we going to get this together? -What's up ahead, Tom? -Baboons. Looks like a pretty good tribe of them. Best thing would be just let them go. Let [INAUDIBLE] go. We want big animals friendly. Whatever they want, we'll do. -Sometimes you do get comfortable, a little bit comfortable  here. And you think you're all safe and everything's great. And then, you get a wake up call. [WHISTLING] -Tom had his eyes up, thank god. -We've all done our homework. And we all know that is the one animal that we need to be most  careful about. It's considered to be the most dangerous animal in Africa. -You don't mess with this. -It was scary. And it was there. And it was huge. So when we saw this thing, we made a lot of noise. And then, we realized at that point we needed to leave this  place. -You want to head left, Tommy? -You all in agreement that we should go a little bit left? -I can still see him, too. I don't want to move. -I don't think we should go. We're not in a hurry. -Not a single one of us came here thinking that all of this  danger was going to be real. -Our camp's right over there, to the left. -We're finding on a daily basis we're having these kind of  sobering experiences that remind us every day that we need to respect the  land and that this, this whole thing, is very real. Danger is here. -Bad tempered. -Bad neighbor. [MUSIC PLAYING] -Good morning, camp Samburu. Rise and shine, don't plug in the curling irons. There ain't no beauty contest this morning, just a little water  hole expedition. This morning, I took a long shot. First thing, before the sun even got up, I got them up. the water thing, I can't ignore. Believe me, f it was just me and them, I'd let them fall flat on  their faces. They don't give a damn, you know? But I can't do that to Theresa and Linda. I feel compelled to want to protect and make life easy for them,  as well. We can take a nice, little morning hike. Get it out of the way while it's nice and cool, all right? -All right. -Come on, guys. -Frank, we just hit the snooze button. -Oh, don't tell me you guys are the snooze button type of  people. -Mm-hm. -Oh, you don't need a snooze button. You've been sleeping most of the night. Come on, it's getting hot already! -Who agreed on this? Who-- -Shut up. Just shut up. [MUSIC PLAYING] -My ass is on the line. -It's not-- -I know, I know, with the team. -You just buy a little more time. -I know, then we don't have to-- -Then we don't have to worry  about it. -Living like nomads means moving around. Do well at this challenge, you may stick around. Now, if you fall behind and the other tribe wins, it's immunity  for them as your hike to council begins. For this physical adventure, you have to do smarts with it, too. It isn't just like pushing a rock. [MUSIC PLAYING] -All right, first thing I need to do. Take back the immunity idol. Give it up, Clarence. Immunity back at stake again today. For today's immunity challenge, we're going to look to our  African hosts for a little inspiration. Tribes of East Africa are nomadic. Thus, they're constantly relocating their camp. That's what you guys are going to do today. Each tribe has a camp with a hut, an animal pen, flagpole, and  various camp supplies. First tribe to relocate their came up to your new home, 200  yards up the hill, and recreate it exactly as it is here wins immunity. Here are the rules. Two members from each tribe will be your architects. Their job is to remember how the camp looks here and to make  sure that it gets recreated exactly the same way in your new home. They will not help move the camp. They will be up at the new location. And they can only help you rebuild once your pieces have been  placed inside your circle. The other members will be responsible for actually physically  relocating the camp. Last rule, the flag pole is the last thing you put in. Samburu, because you guys are still one member ahead, somebody  is sitting out. Once you've made that decision, send that person with your  architects to the top of the hill. All right, Samburu, you're sitting out Teresa. Brandon and Linda will be architects. Boran, you selected Kelly and Kim as your architects. All right, architects are in place at the top of the hill. Immunity at stake. Survivors, ready? Go! -Go, go, go! -Lift it up! Get this house up! -Go! -Come on! [CHEERING] -Make it steady up the hill You guys are doing  awesome! -Just go! -Take your time! -Right here! -Come on, let's go! -Turn, turn, come on, turn. Back it up. Down! OK, yeah. A little back this way. -Move, Frank! Move! Let's go! -Drop, drop! And then run back down. [CHEERING] -Pick it up! -We've got a [INAUDIBLE]. -Wait, wait wait! -Go! -You're doing great! -Excellent! -Go! Can't bear it with these shoulders! [CHEERING] -Good job, good job. [CHEERING] -OK! Go, go! -Boran, all you have left are your roof and your flag. Samburu, you still need the walls to your hut. -It goes up here. -Come on, Tommy, lift. This way! -I got it! -I don't know where I'm going, so lead me to victory, guys! -Turn left. -Up, up up, yeah! -Up! Up! -Lift! Lift! -Ah! -Somebody help Brandon! Ah! -Set it in there, set it in. -House is good. Everybody in the circle before you put that flag in, Tom! Baron! -Woo! -Baron keeps immunity! Congratulations, Baron. [CHEERING] -Oh my god, you guys rock. -See you guys tomorrow night at tribal council. [MUSIC PLAYING] -Happy birthday! -Hi, sweetie! -This morning, Frank's birthday. I got up, gave him a birthday hug, and he was whittling on his  torch, and he was carving his children and his wife's name. I thought that was just beautiful. -I grabbed my tribal council torch. I wanted my wife and two daughters, Jocelyn and Sage, their  names to be on that. For not only now, the strength, but even when I leave, I want it  to be carried with me. They were with me all the time. So that was important to me to do that. -I'll tell you one thing. We could have used Carl yesterday. We might have won. Oh, yeah. [INAUDIBLE] tactical guy, [? there's no doubt about that ?]. I think you can get tomorrow's [INAUDIBLE]. And if you can fly low, you can get there. -I can get through. I think I'm going to go behind it. -Are you? -This is [INAUDIBLE]. -Yeah. -It'd be nice to be walking some place with [INAUDIBLE],  wouldn't it? -Yeah. -What a change, what a difference! -We kicked ass in that challenge, and we won. And it saved Kim's life. -Words can't express how happy I am. I mean, I could just stand here and cry. I'm so happy! And the thing that makes me really happy is that I think they  were all happy about it, even personally for me. -We won immunity, and the other team's going to tribal council. So we had the whole day to ourselves, no chores. So we decided to explore a little bit. Our tribe climbed up that mountain. I got that feeling back about why, what was really important,  why I was there. -I was happy, and the tribe's happy, and we were all having fun. And it was just so pleasant. It was like, we're here! We're in Africa! -[INAUDIBLE]. [MUSIC PLAYING] -It's obviously D-Day. We go to tribal council this evening. We know it's either going to be myself, T, or Frank that's going  to go. -I wish it had been me. Because it wouldn't have bothered me at all. -I was just kind of sitting there, relaxing. And everyone started opening up very neutrally and casually. -I think tonight will be better. I think we're calmer and we understand what's going on a little  bit better. And I won't be voted out. -So who's going tonight, since we're so open? -Oh, [INAUDIBLE]! I like that. -I know this sounds crazy. We know it's one of us. Wouldn't you rather know if it's going to be you? -We're not going to tell you it doesn't matter. -They won't tell you. -Hold up, because I agree with Brandon. -I don't want the day to be bad. Let me throw this out. I don't want the day to be bad anyway. But let's just be real here. We're playing a game. Lindsey already has four votes against her. If you ever go into a tribal council with a tie, like myself and  someone else, the tie breaker is who has the most votes is out. -None of us have one vote against us, not one. -Yeah. -Except for Linds. -Except for Lindsey. This is the key. This is the key. -I never thought I'd say, vote for me three times tonight, come  on! But it'll help us. It'll help us in the end as long as I don't get voted for once  the merger happens. -Whoever's being voted off tonight should vote for Lindsey. -And what's in it for us? -Nothing. -Please stick with us on this. And just think about it and vote for Lindsey later. -I'll be honest, I can't. But if I'm the person who's going this evening, I'm not going to  do that. Because there's totally nothing in it for me. -Well, they wouldn't say who's going tonight. But they had a plan they wanted us to follow, us, now-- it's  funny. -Would you rather bring the whole ship down with you, or would  you rather save the ship? -The whole ship's not coming down. -I do not want to see Silas win the million dollars. I can see any of the other three win the million dollars. I don't want him winning the million dollars. I don't trust him at all. There's something up there. I'm not even sure of his name. There's just something not quite right. -One of the three of you has to go. -I don't know, Frank and Linda, how you guys feel. If I'm going, I'd rather know. -The minute we said it and we told you and we were about to be  honest with you, you said, what's in it for me? So why in the world would we [INAUDIBLE]? [INTERPOSING VOICES] -It's a bitter taste in the mouth right  there. -I really don't know which way they're going. But I guess there's a reason they could keep each one of us and  a reason they could decide to take each one of us off. -Let's drop this. Let's drop this. -There's not an event in the future that would alarm me. I can't wait til the merge because I plan on winning this. You might as well write the check and hand it to me because I'm  shooting for the stars. And I'm going to get there. [MUSIC PLAYING] -Well, guys, back for a second time in a row. Let's go back to the first time you were here. Pretty intense dialogue was had. When you went back to camp that night, was there any of the  bonding that you guys talked about, making the tribe one again? -The first night, you know, there were some emotional times  right after the council. Feelings were hurt. None of us know how it feels except Lindsey to get a vote  against you. So that was hard, Jeff. But after that, the second day, much better. We came together as a unit. -Frank, after the last immunity challenge, you guys knew you  were coming back to tribal council. What happened when you went back to camp? What was the tone of the tribe? Were you guys concerned? -Well, obviously the three of us, we knew one of us would be  going. -Three of you referring to Linda and-- -And Theresa and myself. There are two tribes within one, still. -It's surprising to me because it's the first time I've ever  seen this. I'm trying to figure out where the logic to this is because  going into a merge, you need numbers. -Is there a sure thing in this whole game, Jeff? Can you tell me one sure thing about this whole entire game? -Yeah, I can tell you one sure thing. if Samburu goes into a merge with four people solid and one not  solid and Boran goes in with five people solid, Samburu's in trouble. That I can tell you for certain. -Jeff, you need to take into consideration, if I wasn't here  tonight, one of us would be going. It'd be the same thing. It'd be the exact same thing but reversed. -Frank, anything you can do to turn this game around at this  point? -Oh, there's always something to do. It's just waiting for the proper opening to happen. -So you have a game plan? -Absolutely. -You're sticking to it? -Mm-hm. -Lindsey, have you made any mistakes so far? Anything? -Oh, tons! I'm a walking mistake. You know, when you hear things, oh, you're the one that's next. No, Kim's next. Oh, no, it's Brandon. You panic. And I brought some negative energy to the group because I was  frustrated and fed up. And I freaked out about the whole manipulative process and the  panic attacks and the feelings of anxiety, like you're the one that's going  to go next. And you lose sight of reality because it's not reality. It's just a game. And we're trying to keep that in perspective. And I'm awful at it because I'm sensitive. I get my feelings hurt. -Brandon, have you ever taken a walk by yourself and thought,  OK, wait a minute-- -I don't do anything by myself. I'm always with them. Always. I'm always with them. These are my friends. Even besides the game, they're my friends. I'm not changing my mind on any of that. Yeah, definitely. -It's time to vote. Lindsey, you're first. [MUSIC PLAYING] -It's a game, and it's your time to go. -Buddy, this is for Carl, for Frank, and for Theresa. It's only a game. Play nicely! -I'll go tally the votes. Once the votes are read, the decision is final. The person will be asked to leave the tribal council area  immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Silas. Silas. Silas. Three votes Silas. Linda. Linda. Linda. Three votes Silas, three votes Linda. Final vote-- Linda. You need to bring me your torch. -Play nicely. -Linda, the tribe has spoken. It's time for you to go. -Bye, guys. -Well, one very clear result of this split within your own tribe  is that Lindsey, you now have four votes against you. Silas, you have three votes. It's a lot of votes after only two tribal councils. They'll most definitely come into play in future votes. -They may very well. -Very well. -I'll leave you with this final thought. Silas, you said this game changes minute by minute. It certainly does. You guys can head back to camp. I'll see you tomorrow. [MUSIC PLAYING] JEFF: Stay tuned for scenes from our next  episode. NARRATOR: Even if you've watched every episode of  "Survivor," get ready for a "Survivor" first. Every friendship, every alliance will be shattered. -Oh my god! -The survivors thought they knew the game, but the game has  changed forever. Don't miss the first 15 minutes of an all new  "Survivor!" -Well, it's been an interesting 12 days. I think our vote tonight, the older people's [INAUDIBLE], it's a  very significant honor, it's very important to us. Integrity is very important to us. To me, it's not whether you win or lose, it's how you played the  game. I've grown. I've learned. It's just been great. Namaste.