<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor"...  A great job that you all flipped on.  Who did I flip on, you whack job?  Jeff: The game seemed simple: It was everyone versus Mike.  The only reason Mike is still here is he won immunity. The next immunity he  loses, smell you later.  Jeff: Below the surface there was so much more. Dan won an advantage in the  game.  You bought yourself an extra vote.  He's got the idol.  Jeff: And beth Carolyn and Mike have hidden immunity idols.  I’m safe with my hidden immunity idol.  Jeff: Meanwhile, birthday boy Rodney started to self-destruct.  I’m really pissed on mama c. They're a bunch of scumbags that neglected me on  my birthday. They about it going to the end.  Jeff: Caroline considered teaming up with Mike.  He has a lot of power. Maybe it's time to think about teaming up with him.  Jeff: Carolyn won the second immunity challenge in a row.  I’m so excited.  Jeff: At tribal council -- if anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want  the play it, now would be the time to do so. Mike played his idol, forcing  the majority alliance of six to finally turn on each other. 12th person voted  out and fifth member of our jury, Tyler. In the end they voted out Tyler. The  tribe has spoken. Now Mike is left without any protection. Six are left. Who  will be voted out tonight?  Congratulations, guys.  We are now with the original numbers that we all started with.  Tribal tonight was a whole lot of fun for me because I finally got the breck  apart the six. Four votes, hey. They, guys. Because I played my idol tonight,  I could be vulnerable, so to secure my spot, I either need the find another  idol, or I need to win immunity the rest of the time out. Come on, baby.  What's your problem?  You want me to get in there? Ly.  Everybody wants Mike gone. Because Mike has already proven that he's selfish  and that he's self-centered. And you know something, to his credit. He  dropped an atomic bomb and he whipped out the hidden immunity idol, but all Mike  gets is one free pass, and that's all he's getting.  You want me to get down there?  I have zero interest in working with Mike at this point.  Ha. I win. Mike, he has to be the hero. It's the fact that he's so arrogant  and he's so con descending. To hell with Mike. To hell with his idol.  Somebody else likes a shot, Mike.  At the end of the day, I’m in the position of power, because I have an  advantage in this game, which is an extra vote at the tribal council.  Besides, I teamed up with Carolyn, Sierra, will and Rodney, and I genuinely  hope the five of us can take Mike out of this game.  You're all in, right?  I hope so. I don't trust Dan because Dan is the biggest threat other than Mike  in this game because Dan's advantage is a very huge threat in the game.  All right. I’m in. My word is my bond.  I have my idol, so that saves me for one, but that doesn't get me to the  final four or the final three. So I need Mike to solidify, god forbid  something happens with, you know, that side. I want options. The next vote is  going to be the pivotal vote.  Yeah.  Dan has to go.  We got to get Dan out.  He's done, in my opinion. He goes next.  But we don't have enough numbers to get Dan out, and he has his advantage.  His advantage is an extra vote.  What do you mean? I don't understand. I’m not following.  He's got an extra vote at tribal council.  It gives him an extra vote, so he can just pull a vote?  He gets two votes.  I love my new little angel Carolyn, because I know what Dan's advantage is  now. I hope that she feels like she can trust me and that we can move forward  and work together a little bit to eliminate some bigger threats in this game.   That's huge, especially when numbers are this low. That's a massive  advantage.  That's why it is so deadly. I am smack in the middle. I got stuff working  here and I got stuff working over. There I’m going to tell him what he wants  the hear, but if Mike doesn't win immunity, got to go.  Man, oh, man, oh, man.  Critical vote. It could be the turning point of the game.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. You guys ready to get to today's reward challenge?  Yes, we are.  For today's challenge, we'll divide into two teams of three.  On my go, you will race through a series of obstacles, untying knots to  release a doorway. You'll then use a hatchet to chop a rope, where you'll see  puzzle pieces. Once you have all the puzzle piece, you'll use them to solve a  word puzzle. First three to get it right win reward. Want to know what you're  playing for?  Yes.  Definitely.  Jeff: Today the winning team will be picked up by a chopper, taken on a  helicopter tour of this country that you've been living in for the past 33  days. You'll then touch down and enjoy a nice surf and turf with wine, be  taken back to camp the resume the game. 33 days in, Rodney, you're still the  only guy who is yet to win a reward. How are you feeling about that?  I’m seeing stars, Jeff. I wake up nauseous. I've been on the same beach for  33 days. I feel luke i've been in jail and I haven't able to experience  nothing with nobody out here, but maybe somebody will feel for me, 0 for 5.  Jeff: Wait, somebody will what, give you their reward?  Maybe.  Jeff: So is it entitlement that you're feeling that people should give you a  reward?  The only one I cared about was my birthday, and when a friend said they were  going to do something for me and they didn't, it kind of hurt me a little  bit.  Jeff: Mike, another big element of this that seems to be missing is the  reason it's called a reward is you earned it and it gives you an advantage.  That is the design of the game.  It's tough to see him struggling. He's obviously struggling, but the only  thing I can say is win. If you win, you go on it guaranteed.  Jeff: All right. Let's get to it. We'll draw for teams. Let's get started.  All right. We have our teams. It is Dan, Sierra and Rodney taking on Carolyn,  Mike and will. Here we go. For reward, Survivors ready? Go. Everybody makes  it down quickly through the first obstacle. Got to move together as a team.  Dead even right out of the start. Dan struggling a little with this.  Come on, come on. Come on.  Jeff: Once everybody's there you can move on. Go, blue! Go, red! Now you're  working on the knots. You got to untie every single knot. It is Dan, Sierra  and Rodney.  Got it, got it.  Jeff: Working quickly through the knots. Once you have them, that drawbridge  will drop. Blue now in the lead. Red still working on their knots. There you  go. Move through. It is Dan and Mike working with the hatchet. Dan attacks it  in two chops. Mike in two chops. Puzzle pieces, start collecting. You're  looking for letters. If it is blank, you don't need it. This is where  communication is key. Everybody got to work together. Rodney, you're still  collecting. Rodney, you're still collecting. Everybody needs to be on the  same page.  Throw the blank ones that way, the other way.  Go, go, go.  Blue thinks they have them all, they're going to start working on the puzzle.   Just lay them out.  Go, go, go.  Jeff: Red now thinks they have all their pieces.  Let's go, let's go, let's go.  Jeff: Six-word phrase you're looking for. What could it be? Use your "Survivor"  knowledge. Think about how we talk on "Survivor." red looking next  door trying to get a can clue.  It's got to be something about reward.  Jeff: A lot of strategy in this challenge to try to prevent cheating.  Good call actually.  Jeff: Now tribes are turning letters over. I don't know the progress that  either team is making.  What is next?  Jeff: 33 days in. It is as if this is a foreign language being learned for  the first time. Both teams absolutely stumped. Start thinking "Survivor."  it's been on for 30 seasons. I say the same 200 words other and over and over  and over and over. I’m in therapy I say the words so often.  Can we buy a vowel, Jeff?  Jeff: You've been out here a long time.  It's a w.  Jeff: Maybe this is a bit of a blue collar phrase. This is not harvard. Stop  being worried about being graded for your grammar. We are one hour into  solving this puzzle.  It's killing me.  Jeff: This is now officially the longest word puzzle in our history. What is  it you are playing for? What does it come with?  I’m not even listening to him.  He's giving us hints.  I know.  Jeff: It's one of those commercial, and if you order now you get this with  this and this. Complete set. Everything you need.  Yes! Oh, my god. Oh, my god. I see energy for the first time in this  challenge, smiles. Dan doesn't know what to do. They don't have it.  We got it. We got it. We got it!  Jeff: Red things they have it. A reward with all the fixings! Mike, Carolyn,  will win reward.  Come talk to me.  Boo-aye!  Jeff: All right. Carolyn, Mike, will, nice reward. This could be just what  you need to get to the end. Carolyn, you're staring at the blue team. You  good to go?  Not yet. This is so fricken hard for me right now.  Jeff: Considering whether or not to give up your reward to Rodney. I talk to  this guy. I told him I would give it to him. I don't know what I’m wanting to  do yet.  Jeff: So your debate is layered. On the one hand, this is a social game. You  give your reward to Rodney. You get to the end, you might get one vote. On  the other hand, you let Rodney on this, fill up his belly, spiritually get  reawakened, and it could be what he needs to go to the end and get rid of  you. It's a big, big decision.  All right. I’m going to keep it.  Jeff: All right. Carolyn's going to keep her reward. Carolyn, Mike, will,  grab your stuff. Head out, enjoy your reward. Congratulations.  I do feel bad for Rodney that he hasn't won a reward and i've been on every  reward except for one. I hope he doesn't take it personally, but this is my  "Survivor" experience, as well.  Jeff: Sierra, Dan, Rodney, got nothing for you. Grab your stuff, head back to  camp.  It's not every day you get to fly in a helicopter, mama c.  No, not every day.  I've never been on a helicopter before in my entire life, and it was epic.  It's breathtaking. I can see a central kay know coming up.  Oh, my god.  You ever been this close to a volcano, will?  Never. It was absolutely stunning. I’m going by a volcano that's steaming  right now.  You got a no collar you got a white collar and you got a blue collar.  We're all together.  I've been blessed to be on a lot of different rewards, but the helicopter  ride is the greatest reward ever. There's no words to describe how fabulous  it really is. Oh, my god.  We're going to fill our bellies today. All right. The best reward ever.  We land in this open field, and there's this table and it's got all the food  on it that you could ever want or need to get yourself through the rest of  this game. Is it just me or can you all actually feel your mind getting  sharper?  My whole body just woke up.  What do you think about this final three?  I think final three with the three of us is a strong final three. And we get  every collar, right in no collar, white collar, blue collar. Mike brought up  the pitch that Mike, me and will could go to the final three, which was kind  of interesting because I could really work with him. It would be a big move,  but it might be the wrong move.  Will, could you entertain a thought of a final three with me and mama c?  I've already entertained with mama c. You I haven't. You're public enemy  number one. You could immunity up until the final three and have nothing to  worry about. Mike's scrambling because he knows he's next on the chopping  block. He's the biggest threat still in the game. And you got to get rid of  your biggest threat.  The only thing I can ask you, man, honest to god, please do not let Rodney  beat me in this game.  That will kill me.  His ass got to calm down. He's starting to get on my nerves.  He's the only Survivor that's tried to guilt everyone into giving him a  reward.  He was trying to make me feel bad.  Course he was.  But then I’m like wait, it's my reward, I won it. I’m going.  I don't know where Carolyn's head is at. I’m hoping it's with me, but if  she's not with me and she's with them, I have to win the immunity to stay in  this game.  This is exactly what we needed.  Yeah. Surf and turf, man.  Surf and turf is my favorite male.  I don't want the talk about it, honestly. It aggravates me.  I’m just so mad, Sierra. I can't believe we didn't get that today. Mama c has  won a reward every other day. She screwed me on my birth day and went back on  her word today. Guess what, mama c, maybe I shouldn't take it personally, but  I am. Once Mike's out of here, you're out of here. Revenge is going to be  sweet. Revenge is going to be very sweet.  Everybody's hungry, really hungry, and given the fact that they're on a surf  and turf helicopter reward, it sure would be nice to find some food,  something. It looks like some kind of a fruit. I don't have the slightest  idea as to what these things are, but I’m going to find out if they are right  now.  Good news and bad news. The good news is I found fruit. The bad news is, I don't  know whether it's any good or not.  What fruit do you think that is?  I’m going to cut it open so we can look inside of it.  All of a sudden Dano comes outs with two big pieces of fruit.  That's really good.  I feel like I got a reward. That's like the whole energy didn't enchilada for  Rodney. What have I had? Rodney is back. This is what food can do to you.  Food brings people closer together and you just brought me two watermelons,  bro. These watermelons Dan found are making Rodney feeling some type of way.  Once I start feeling like, this it's a rap out hire.  So we're all on the same beige, Mike and then Carolyn, right?  Absolutely, 100%, period, end of story.  Let's just go out there and get the redneck out.  So, Mike, you want to battle with me, let's do it. I’m ready to battle. I'll  go toe to toe with anybody in this game in real life. I’m coming at you full  force. When I come at you full force, baby, you better watch out.  We got tree mail.  Read it, girl.  With good hand-eye coordination, your performance could amaze. Patience,  skill and a delicate touch determines who leaves or stays.  Bring it on, baby.  Bring it on.  If Mike wins the next immunity, once again the five that are left are going  to have to the turn on each other. We can't have that. Mike cannot win the  next immunity challenge. Period. End of story. End of discussion.  I don't know how much time i'll have to talk to Carolyn and you today after  the challenge and everything, but Dan can only beat those two.  Right.  So, I mean, he's not taking you and he's in the taking Carolyn. Today's our  last chance to have numbers, because if they take you out, if they take Carolyn  out, those three go to the end.  They're the top three.  Yeah, and if any of them make the top three...  Make makes a good point. Dan does have an advantage. He may use it to get me  out. He may use it to help me get further. You never know what Dan's going to  do, but if Mike doesn't win immunity, he has to go. I don't want to be  sitting next to Mike in the end. That would be shooting myself in the foot.  It's our only shot to get them out of the game.  Right.  He's bound to lose, and at that point, he will be going home.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Definitely.  Jeff: First things first, Carolyn. I got to take it back.  Don't really want you to.  Jeff: You didn't want me to last time.  New york I didn't.  Jeff: Win it again.  All right.  Jeff: Once again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're  going to use grappling hooks to retrieve three bags. Each bag contains a  ball. Witness you have all three bag, you will use one of those balls to  solve a table maze. First person to finish wins immunity, guaranteed a one in  five shot at winning this game. Losers tribal council. After 35 days, your  dream of winning this game will fall short. We'll draw for spots. We'll get  started. Let's do it.  Let's do it. All right. Here we go. For immunity and a guaranteed spot in the  final five, Survivors ready? Go! Your first task, use that grappling hook to  retrieve three bags. You got to figure out how to get the rope far enough. Dan  with a nice first toss. Dan has his first bag. Will with a nice toss. That  will grab a bag. Will has his first bag. Mike has his first bag. Sierra has  her first bag. Carolyn with her first bag. Rodney has a bag. He's dragging it  back. Sierra with another nice toss. Sierra two in a row now. Mike has his  second bag. Dan snags his second bag. It's now Mike, Sierra and Dan. There's Mike  with another good toss. Can he hook it? And he does. Mike has his third bag.  Start heading to the maze. It is Mike now in the lead.  Come on, guys.  Jeff: Mike now has his ball free. He can start on the table maze. Here he  goes. Rodney having a lot of trouble with his rope. Carolyn with a nice toss.  This could be her second. She's got it. Dan has his third bag.  Good boy, Dano.  Jeff: Here comes Dan now. It is Dan and Mike now, two blue collars started  this game together. Does not necessarily mean they want to finish together. Dan  now working on the table maze. It is Mike and Dan working on the maze.  Everybody else still gathering bags. Will has his second bag. Sierra just  misses with her third bag. Mike making some progress in this maze. Dan making  some progress. They're both in the same spot right now. Dan has made up a lot  of time on this puzzle, now gaining on Mike. Mike drops. He's got to go back  to the start. The tricky part is you're trying to rush to beat the other guy,  and when you rush, you make mistakes. Mike drops again. Sierra has her third  bag. Sierra going to get in on this now.  Good going, Sierra.  Jeff: Three blue collars, Mike, Sierra and Dan working on the table maze. Rodney,  Carolyn and will struggle to get their final bags. Dan drops. He's got to  start again. Sierra now getting in on it. Mike has been doing a nice job this  round. He's been very going very slow. Another nice move by Mike. This would  be a huge win to guarantee yourself a spot in that final five. That much  closer to the money.  Go, will. Will has his third bag. Will now can get in on it. Mike slow and  steady. Knows how painful it is when you drop and have to start again. Dan  rushing now, trying the catch up. Sierra starting to get the hang of it. Mike  getting closer to that inner circle but still pitfalls await. No easy path  through this maze. Nike with another Mike maneuver. Mike getting very close  now. Carolyn, Rodney still looking for their bags. Will drops. He's got to  start again. Dan hanging in there. Sierra has made up a lot of ground in this  challenge. Gaining on Mike. Mike is in the inner circle. Just got to drop it  in that final hole. Can he do it for a spot in the final five Mike was in the  hole. He's back out. Sierra now getting closer to that inner circle. Mike in  and out once again. Here comes Sierra. She's in the inner circle. We are neck  and neck right now. Mike wins individual immunity, guaranteed a spot in the  final five!  Thank you, jesus. Thank you, jesus.  Jeff: Mike, come on over. Third individual immunity win. Guarantees Mike a  spot in the final five. As for the rest of you, will, Sierra, Rodney, Dan, Carolyn,  after 35 tough days of sleepless nights, physical and penal exhaustion, your  dream of winning this game and $1 million will fall short. Somebody is going  to be voted out tonight and join the jury. Grab your stuff. Head back to  camp. See you tonight on tribal council.  Inside of me it was like the fourth of july in the middle of texas, fireworks  going off, music playing loud because this little necklace right here says  one of those five are going home tonight. And it's not me.  Hold on, Mike.  Good lord. This guy is unbeatable.  That was crazy.  Mike lives another day.  I know. You get the fire stoked. I'll go get some water.  Working on it.  The allianz all the knew that eventually we were going to have to turn on  each other. And in my pecking order, Carolyn was next on the chopping block.  She's kicked ass in challenges. She's been personable, so she's got to go.  We already know who we're voting for.  Carolyn?  Yeah.  Carolyn?  Yes.  Carolyn?  Yes.  Carolyn?  Yes.  Just don't let her get wind of it.  It looks like it's Carolyn, but Dan is a huge threat and has an advantage,  and if we're playing this game like we've played it the whole time to get rid  of the huge threats, maybe we need to get rid of Dan.  No scrambling, no running around.  One in five chance, baby.  Here comes Mike.  Want to see if I can find some.  We're out of firewood.  We're out of firewood.  Dano.  What?  I’m good with that.  He's really the biggest threat in this game right now because he has an  advantage.  Their little family is turning on Dan. Everyone is saying vote Dan, vote Dan,  vote Dan. Well, if they all want Dan gone, it makes me pause and think, what  if I get rid of one of them instead just to completely mess with their plans  and not go along with what they want done.  All right.  Here's the deal, I can get rid of you tonight easily. Easily. I don't even  have to do anything. I can throw my vote away and you're going home. Your  alliance, your alliance, is gunning for you. What do you want to do about it  because you're going home tonight unless I change something.  Mike has the audacity, the unmitigated gall to look at me and say, I can save  you. I have the power to save you.  How can I believe you in you're giving me nothing.  Okay.  But part of me is actually wondering if there is a chance they'll turn on me.  I’m running out of time to use my advantage, and i'd rather go down swinging  than stand there and watch the third strike go by me.  Maybe, maybe not. Maybe everybody's lying to you. I don't believe it. I don't  believe it.  Okay.  Maybe you're right. Maybe i'll go home with an advantage in my pocket and an  awesome souvenir.  Dan was not shaken at all. He was uppity. He doesn't feel like he's going  home. The only thing I can figure out is Dan wants to take will and Rodney to  the end because those are the only two people he can beat, and if I’m right  and he's not going home tonight, it's one of the girls.  If the boys are telling the truth, which I honestly believe they are...  Right.  They're going to vote for Dan.  Hey --  oh, my gosh, you scared the living crap out of me.  Really fast. Look who is in the shelter sleeping.  Dan and Rodney. That tells you everything you need to know about a tribal  name. Who feels safe, who doesn't? That right there is the "Survivor"  code for "i ain't going nowhere. I don't need to do nothing." Dan  is voting one of you two tonight with the boys. One million percent. One  million percent. I think it's you tonight. I’m going to let you guys finish  talking. I’m going to grab my stuff. I --  i mean, I think he's psychoo. He's paranoid. That's what got him in this  position in the first place.  I think so.  I want to believe they're voting for Dan, but what if they don't vote for Dan?  What if Mike is right? It could be will, Rodney and Dan final three. They  could be screwing us over and this is where I am really racking my brain is  do I trust them? I don't want the waste my idol, and if I really believe  they're going to vote for Dan, then I can save it for one more vote.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Hali, Joe, Jenn, Shirin and  Tyler voted out at the last tribal council. All right. So let's talk about  trust. Mike, you go back to camp again with immunity, which gives you a  vantage point of not having to worry as much tonight. So based on what you  saw this afternoon, would you say this is a group of people for whom there is  some trust?  I definitely think there's a couple people that probably aren't feeling as  trustworthy or as trusted, but they still have a common enemy, this guy right  here. If you have a common enemy, it's easy to bond with other people, but  tonight one of five of their alliance is going home. So, yeah, there was some  scrambling going on today at camp.  Jeff: Rodney, where is trust for you at this point in the came?  Day 35, trust is... Trust is... Let me think. I’m kind of like out of my mind  right now a little bit.  Jeff: Is this a sign of fatigue?  Absolutely.  Jeff: So your brain really has to work hard to try to form a sentence because  you're just depleted.  When you have very limited food, sometimes that can affect your decision  making. When you're very fatigued and you go into an immunity challenge and  you can't really perform because your head is not there, it can get a little  hard on you. So what was the question again? [laughter]  Jeff: Are you at a point in the game where you trust in the relationships  you've made?  Well, it's day 35. Let's be honest, you just are around the same people 24/7.  I can't even be with my mother 24/7 without wanting to ring her neck and I love  her to death. So one minute you think you can trust them. All of a sudden  they could be forming another alliance. At the end of the day, you have to go  with the people you did form your alliances with and hopefully those are the  votes on your side tonight.  Carolyn, are you in a situation where you think, yeah, I trust my alliances  or I just can't afford to trust anybody?  You want to trust the people who you want to trust, but I know my head's on  the chopping block tonight, you know, people are going to tell you what you  want to hear because they're all scrambling to save themselves, so I am very,  very nervous tonight.  Jeff: Dan, does Carolyn have a reason to be concerned from a threat  standpoint because you can't take out Mike and Carolyn has shown herself to  be pretty dominant in challenges.  Yeah, Carolyn has definitely proven herself again and again, but she's not  the only one with her head on the chopping block. My name has come up a lot  in this game.  Jeff: Did you hear it this afternoon?  Absolutely. And there's a time to make a move and there's a time... I know  this answer sucks because it's a political waffling answer, I can make a move  or I can stay where I am. You know, five of us are still here. But not after  tonight we won't be.  Jeff: Will, does that alarm you when you hear Dan actually say it, I don't  know what to do and I’m afraid to do anything.  Absolutely. I’m very nervous because Mike continuing to win immunity is  digging into our numbers and Dan still has an advantage in this game, but we  have no clue what it's going to do.  Jeff: And Rodney, having an advantage gives you a lot of power, but the real  trick is when do you play it?  The advantage is like a strong-arm tactic. You can say I’m going to use it  tonight and let it be known, or you can keep it in your back pocket and not  say a word about it. So now you're at five and you use it and it gets more  scary because it could be you that's going home.  Jeff: Sierra, how much talk has there been about advantages and idols and  will they be played tonight?  Jeff, there was tons of talk. You don't want to walk out the door with  something in your bag you could have played.  Jeff: And yet, Dan, you could strong arm, like Rodney said, and try to buy  yourself another day.  Tonight would be an excellent night to use it. But the next tribal council  might be even better. It might get me to that final four. Honest to god, I’m  like a metronome going back and forth uk back and forth, back and forth, but  I don't know what the right thing to do is.  Jeff: Well, it's time to find out what is going to happen tonight. It is time  to vote. Dan, you're up. I'll go tally the votes.  Excuse me. Jeff,'d rather go down swinging than stand there and watch strike  three go by. I'd like the play my advantage please.  Jeff: The advantage that Dan bought in the auction was another vote. The vote  has the same power as any other vote cast at tribal council, which means  tonight there will be seven votes cast. Dan, go cast it. I'll go tally the  votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want the play it, now  would be the time to do so.  I’m not taking a chance, Jeff. I’m not going home tonight.  Jeff: This is a hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast for Carolyn will not  count. I'll read the votes. First vote Carolyn. [applause] does not count. Carolyn.  Does not count. Carolyn. Does not count. Carolyn. Does not could.  Whew!  Jeff: Carolyn. Does not count. Dan. That's one vote Dan. 13th person voted  out and sixth member of the jury, Dan. You need to bring me your torch.  Good luck.  Jeff: Dan, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Well, we started this  game with three tribes, 35 days later, representatives from each tribe still  left in the game. It is anybody's game to win. Grab your torches. Head back  to camp. Good night. Stay tuned from scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on a special two-hour season finale.  Why didn't you tell us you had the idol.  Why did you vote for me?  Jeff: With only four days left, worlds collide.  Let the games begin. Do not put your head down.  I’m scared.  We're going all the way.  This is a $1 million mistake.  Jeff: Join us for the finale  i came out here with three things the do. Number one, have fun. Number two,  be remembered. Number three, hopefully win this game. But as long as I made  the first two, I’m still okay with that. That's just the way it goes. Every  day I was here was a dream come true for me. I played a good game. I played a  respectable game. I got no regrets.