<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor"...  We can get him out right now and he'll never know.  Jeff: Mike knew he was in trouble.  I know they are coming for my head.  Jeff: And tried to buy an advantage at the auction.  Jeff: You're looking for white.  But Dan was the lucky one.  Jeff: You bought yourself an extra vote.  I get a second vote? Do you have any idea what this means to me?  Jeff: Back at camp...  Great job to flip on Rodney.  Mike had no intention of going down without a fight.  You got to relax, bro. What Mike was saying was true, but because of what he  done, you just made yourself next one out.  Jeff: With the hidden immunity idol already in his pocket, Mike won  individual immunity. Mike wins individual immunity. Facing tribal council...  Those four, they don't have your back, Dan. They are using you.  Jeff: Mike tried to warn Dan and Sierra about being on the bottom.  I want to go to the final three with you.  Nobody even likes you.  Jeff: While mill made things personal with Shirin.  I guarantee there's nobody at home right now missing you.  Are you really speaking to me that way?  Yeah, I am speaking to you that way.  At tribal council, Shirin opened up about her fast.  I don't have a family because my biological father was just like you,  verbally assaulting me all the time. It had everything to do with me  personally. It went way beyond the game.  Jeff: Tenth person voted out and the third member of our jury. But Jenn was  voted out. Jenn, the tribe has spoken. Eight are left. Who will be voted out  tonight?  She wanted to turn us.  Hard.  When Mike blew up, he lost everybody's trust.  You almost feel bad for him.  I do, but it's about trust. He's so passionate. So completely. He can say Sierra  and I are at the bottom of the barrel. Does it make it true? No. I do in the  believe I am at the bottom of my alliance. I know it looks like I’m playing a  passive game. It doesn't mean I don't have scheming brewing.  You okay? That assault, he verbally assaulted me and personally attacked me,  and he used my personal history against me.  I’m not one to cry a lot in real life, but I have this pavlov's dog reaction  to men yelling at me. I don't know what's going through his brain that he  doesn't realize he personally attacked another human being. Are you truly  just that dumb or that cruel? I think he's actually that stupid. The most  horrifying parted about this for me is that all of this drama makes will an  excellent person to take to the end, and yet Mike and I are on the bottom.  I’m really sorry about what happened last night at tribal. I really am.  What part of it?  The part where you had tears in your eyes. I had no idea. At tribal council  one of the things that cape up was a blowout between Shirin and will.  Apparently there's violence in her history. If that's the case, I feel very  bad for her. However, that being said, Shirin is a drama queen. She's a  two-faced liar. She loves to play the victim. I’m sorry. I really am. I mean  that. For Shirin to say that will is worse than her, that's hypocritical. Did  he go overboard? From what I heard, yes, he did, but when she's calling him  names, when she has no gratitude or appreciation, I call that karma.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to today's reward  challenge?  Yes, sir.  Jeff: For today's challenge you'll be divided into two teams of four, using  four barrel, two planks and a piece of rope, you must transport all four  tribe members across three sections from one end of the field to the other.  If somebody falls off or if a plank touches the ground, you got to go back to  the start of the section you're in. First four to get to the other side win  reward. Whan to know what you're playing for?  Absolutely.  Jeff: You'll be taken to a beautiful catamaran for an afternoon of sailing  along the nicaraguan coast where you will enjoy burgers.  Oh!  Burgers. &gt;&gt; Jeff: With cheese and bacon.  Oh, my god.  Jeff: And for dessert, pie.  Oh.  Nice.  Jeff: Worth playing for?  Oh, yeah.  Jeff: All right. We'll do a schoolyard pick. You will decide the teams. Do  it. We'll get started. All right. Running for blue it is Mike, Shirin, Sierra  and Rodney. Running for red, it is Tyler, Dan, Carolyn and will. Here we go  for a nice reward. Survivors ready? Go. Pretty simple. Four barrel, two planks  and rope. Question is, how to most effectively use these items to transport  four people from one end to the other without ever touching the ground. That  includes your plank. They can't touch either. This is going to be all about  figuring out a system. What to do, how do you move forward.  <br/>I got it.  Jeff: very different strategy. Blue going with barrels on the side. Red going  with barrels straight up.  There you go. I got 'em. Perfect. Just like that.  Jeff: Mike flat out risking sliding off and falling on the sand trying to set  up these barrels. Mike doing a lot of work. A plank falls but does not touch.  The red team taking a more conservative approach. It's a little slower. Blue  with a lot of momentum now, working together very well.  Shirin, come on.  Jeff: The red team is moving more slowly, but they're still in it. It's going  to come down to who has the best system.  Come on. Tell me when that back one is good.  Jeff: The red team not panicking at all. Mike giving up his entire body for  this challenge. We're dead even right now. Two very evenly picked teams.  Battling for a nice reward. Mike in trouble. Got to recover.  You got it.  Jeff: And he does. Almost did the splits.  I do crossfit, Jeff.  We got it now. Let's go. Pick it up.  Jeff: Mike with a big push. Blue has extended their lead again. One, two and  three.  Jeff: But only by a barrel. This is back and forth now.  There you go, baby.  All right. Come on.  Jeff: The longer this challenge goes on, the more energy you exert, the less  you have.  I think we got to change it up.  I think we do, too.  Jeff: Mike dripping with sweat.  One, two, three!  I love cheeseburgers.  Jeff: Red has been very careful, taking their time. It has paid off. The red  team is now in the lead. Mike got to be exhausted. Something's going to have  to change for blue. Red now two barrels ahead.  Want me to take the gamble of running across one of these really quick.  No, no, let's all do it. Don't touch the ground.  Plank in the ground. You got to come back to this section. Get off and get  everything back here. Huge setback for the blues. Big advantage for red.  We're doing great.  Just focus.  What are we doing here?  Jeff: Sierra barrel rolling.  You guys just start doing something. Blue is going for broke. Everybody going  to get on barrels and try to roll their way to the end. It's an incredible  strategy if it works.  Go, Sierra. Shirin falls. Mike is off, everybody's got to go back. This is  last ditch attempt by blue to get back in this as red inches closer to the  finish. This could do it. They may be able to get to the platform from here. Tyler's  across. There's two.  Come on, brother.  Jeff: There's three with will. Tyler, Carolyn, Dan and will win reward.  Yes!  I can't believe we won that.  Jeff: Will, Tyler, Carolyn, Dan, nice job. Big reward. Burgers on the water.  Good job, guys.  Jeff: You're very subdued. Is it the exhaustion of the challenge.  It's a hot day but you can't help but feel bad. Rodney's been on no rewards.  I feel very bad.  Jeff: You can give you spot to Rodney if you want to.  I'll give mine.  Got off the hook on that one.  Jeff: Will, Tyler, Dan, Carolyn, grab your stuff.  Dan has options in this game. He's a loose cannon, so we want him to feel  comfortable so that inkling to go back the Mike never crosses his mind, and  being on a reward with him is a perfect opportunity to get that point across.   Bye-bye, rosie.  Just the four of us.  I’m sorry, girl. The reward challenge started off really, really good. We had  a lead, but lost it.  Go ahead and get the fire going.  Yeah.  It was me doing the work while three other people stood around and watched.  I’m sorry.  It ended up being the losing strategy. I got to take full credit for that. If  my tribe mates are mad at me, how much more mad can they be? I’m already  their number-one public enemy. I got nothing to lose at this point.  I don't know about you, Rodney but...  I’m hurting.  I haven't been able to leave this beach once. I didn't go on one [bleeped]  reward. I’m pissed. I’m miserable. I’m in the eating enough food. I’m  shaking. I got an itchy beard. I haven't showered. My nails are nasty. Did I say  I’m miserable?  I was hoping I win reward and then we get individual reward and you know.  Everybody's had a break. But i've just been locked in my cell 24/7 not being  able to burst out and have some fun. I need some Rodney time. For my sanity I  need to get out of here.  I don't want to scare you, but Tyler is going to win this game. You know what  I mean, like if he keeps winning immunities and gets any further, he'll win.  Everyone on that jury now will vote for him. He'll win. He will win. Shirin  will vote for whoever we say.  We got him out. I got faith.  Everybody's not willing to. Makes me think you have something with him.  You want to get him out at seven, i'll get him out at seven. But I’m trying  to get him out at six because I don't trust Shirin.  At this point Tyler cannot only win immunities. So I’m well aware that Tyler  is a threat. We could use Shirin's vote to get rid of Tyler before this six  because he's a threat. You have to strike when you get the chance.  If for some weird reason Tyler got, there we would not win, but if Shirin  came with us, we would win. No one would vote for her.  I can't say too much because I don't want to scare them, you know, and be  another Mike.  I don't trust Shirin. She is so...  She won't win. He will. It's not that Tyler's a threat, it's that people are  seeing him playing a good game and they're going to give him $1 million.  Tyler, people think he's a threat, but I am the biggest threat because I’m  running the show. I got the numbers. I got the relationships. I got the  personalities on my side. I’m a little concerned with Sierra. We got to stay  cool, calm and collected like I said from day one. My next move is to get Mike  and Shirin out of here and get to the strong six and then Rodney works his  magic.  This is great. Here we are. You know why we won this challenge? Because  there's no...  Because we worked at a team.  Because there's in Mike in team. I’m not going to lie, winning that reward,  that was awesome.  Game's on top.  Exactly.  I will say, even if we do want to unpause the game, we're in a good place the  unpause it. There's no Mike. There's no Shirin. There's no nonsense.  Absubtly.  Now that Mike is on the outs, the fact I got to go with these three, Carolyn,  Tyler and will, just made it even better. Because they're my alliance right  now.  Mike has been like teflon. Doesn't matter how he screws up, he finds a way to  fix it.  You know, the only reason why Mike is still here is because he's won  immunities. The next immunity he lose, smell you later.  We're getting bacon cheeseburgers.  Baby.  Count of three...  One, two, three...  Oh, my god.  Oh, my god.  Oh.  This is the biggest hamburger i've ever had in my entire life.  Oh, my god.  Mike believes with all his heart the four of you plotted against him to get  him out at nine and Rodney turned.  Look, Mike is right about one thing, he is a threat. He's a threat. But to  say we were planning on voting him out, three or four votes prior to what we  agreed, that's not true.  It would have been stupid of us.  Dan doesn't get it. Mike was correct. Our group was going the target him. But  my goal is to keep Dan focused on the others, on the evils, on the guys like Mike,  the flippers who don't belong.  What snapped in Mike holloway's brain four days ago that made him want to  throw everybody under the bus, to team up with Shirin?  He went psychocrazy.  Dan should be worried because he needs to be thinking further along in the game.  All he can see is top six, and that's a perfect place for his mind to stop. I  love the fact that Dan cannot see beyond top six.  You know something, this vote, stay the course. Stay the course. Am I wrong?  Stay the course.  Thank you very much. You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Absolutely.  Jeff: First things first, Mike. Take back the necklace.  Bring it back soon, Jeff, bring it back soon.  Jeff: You have to earn it if you want it back. Once again immunity is back up  for grabs. For today's challenge, you are all going to hold on to a rope  handle attached to 25% of your body weight. As the challenge continues, the  weight will become too much to bear. The rope will unravel and the bucket  will tip. When you're out of water, you're out of the challenge. For today's  challenge the last man and the last woman standing will win immunity. That  means two people will be safe tonight at tribal council. Everybody else  vulnerable. Somebody will be voted out and become the fourth member of our jury.  Draw for spots. We'll get started. All right. Here we go. Everybody put your  hands on your handles. As comfortable as that little perch is. That's for  when you're out. Everybody roll your handle back and release the weight. Do  it. All right. Everybody's in position. And this challenge is on. You're  holding 25% of your body weight, but the body weight is from day one. We're  on day 29. So if you have lost a lot of weight, you're obviously holding a  higher percentage. You'll start to feel it in your forearms, your back, your  skin will start to tear on your hands. We've done this challenge in the past.  It usually lasts somewhere around a half an hour. This is a long time to be  holding on to that bar. Sierra's bag slowly starting to drop. That's an  indicator of the rope unspooling.  Sweaty palms.  Jeff: Tyler trying the change his grip up. Dan trying to wrench it back up.  In the trying. Succeeding.  Jeff: Duly noted. Rodney trying the wrench his back up.  Oh, no.  Jeff: Sierra struggling to hand on through the sweat, dropping a bit more. Sierra  no shot at immunity. Carolyn and Shirin now in a battle for the female  immunity necklace. Tyler struggling to say in this. His bag is starting to  drop. Tyler drops out. First man out of the challenge. Will cannot hold on  any longer. Will drops out of the challenge. Dan digging in again, but that  rope slipping more. That water ready to tip.  My fingers are numb.  Jeff: Shirin starting to struggle a little bit.  You have to crank it back.  Jeff: Carolyn holding strong. Mike holding strong. Trying to wrench it up and  it's working against him that. Bag continues to drop.  I’m sorry. I gave it up.  Jeff: Dan is out of the challenge. We're now down to two men and two women.  It is Rodney taking on Mike and it is Carolyn versus Shirin. Shirin's bag is  slowly inching closer to the ground.  Hold on, Carolyn. Hold on.  Inch by inch.  Jeff: Carolyn is getting closer to winning immunity. Shirin dropping more.  It's about over for Shirin.  You have ten seconds. And that is it. Shirin is out. Carolyn wins individual  immunity for the women. And we are now down to two men, Rodney and Mike.  Oh, yeah, baby. Oh, yeah.  Jeff: Carolyn has the necklace for women. Either Rodney or Mike will have it  tonight for the men.  You may need it but you want it. You want it, baby.  Hang in there, hot rod.  He's moving. He's moving.  Jeff: Both guys are feeling it. That we know. Who can hold off that pain,  push it away.  Nice.  Jeff: Dan giving Rodney a lot of encouragement. Dedication, motivation. Rodney's  bag dropping a little more.  Come on, Rodney.  Jeff: Mike won the last immunity challenge. Would like to do it again.  Shut your mouth. Take a second.  Jeff: Sweat dripping off both guys. Rodney working on that grip. Rodney still  in this.  Come on, come on, baby. He's twitching, dude. He's twitching. You got it,  baby. You got it. Angel over your shoulder.  Jeff: Rodney's bag dropping another little bit.  Baby, dig.  Come on, baby.  Bianca: Mike still holding strong. Rodney going back down. Got to dig in now,  right now.  Don't look at him. Just focus. Dig in and hold.  Jeff: His bag continues to drop. Rodney straining, giving everything he has.  Keep digging.  Dig, dig!  Jeff: Day 29 for immunity. Rodney can't do it. Rodney is out. Mike wins  individual immunity for the second time in a row. Safe tonight at tribal  council. Huge battle. That is how you do it out here. Congratulations, Carolyn.  Safe tonight at tribal council. Rights next to her, Mike you wanted it back,  you earned it. You got it. Mike safe tonight at tribal council. As for the  rest of you, somebody going home tonight will become the fourth member of our  jury. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. See you tonight at tribal. Good  effort.  I held on for as long as I could, but it wasn't enough and Carolyn won. It  would have been epic because Mike won immunity, I would have won immunity and  then we would have seen the axis of evil scrambling all day, but it wasn't  meant to be, and so I have now got to scramble.  That was close.  I know.  So close.  All right.  I wanted that necklace more than anything on this planet, but more  importantly is the fact that Shirin didn't get the necklace, because if Shirin  got the necklace, one of my alliance member could have been going home.  Let's not freak out. We know it's Shirin. We're all in. Easy vote. Done. S a  little a wrench in our plans Mike to go home. Tonight is everyone's voting  for shiri ese we'd have to split with own. That just doesn't make sense.  All right.  All right, Dan. Go straight to it.  We're not exactlye of people to mince words.  I know you don't like me. You do trust me. I’m listening.  Think you're ally stupid to vote me I’m not a threat at challenges and I’m  not a threat to winhis game. You knowt, yet you have huge Tyler.  In dreamrio, of course i'd love to sit next Shirin in the final three, who  wouldn't. Kes her. Are literally votin out somebody threat in any way, who  youould get out now, next get out any time between now and the end of the  game at will. You're voting me out.  I agree with you. I agree with single thing you're saying...  If you had any power, if were truly strategic, you would figure out a way to  out. Dan, because he doesn't like me, he's goi vote me out out the threat. Dan,  you are being stupid. Move.e going to have t ance... Alliance, by definition,  is not with you to the end. There's six of you. Presumab internal allianc  there. But like I have nothing. So I really am with you until the end. Right.  Who do you think then today? Iggestallenge threat after Mike.  Uh-huh.  I know how to tell you i'll vote with you to the end. Like if I had way, I would  go with and Carolyn all the wa Shirin should be taken to th end because she  won't get votes. Shwon't win immunity I’m not dumb. I’m not blind. I know Tyler  is a  I’m begging you.  But if I had two people backing me that were comfortable with it. Of course I  would get rid of Tyler tonight.  We know that Dan's got advantage in this game. And it's in his bag. So it  completely peaks my interest and it plants the seed in my mind, "what's  in his bag? I have to find a way to get into his bag. I walk up, grab the bag  and race off in order to understand what's going on inside of his bag. And I read  that Dan's advantage is one extra vote. Dan has essentially a vote  multiplier.  I grabbed Dan's bag. Basically what it is is he gets an extra vote at tribal.   Wow. That's a big advantage.  I don't know if he's going to use it now.  What makes me nervous is that Dan and Sierra combination. If they actually  saw how Dangerous our four is, they could flip, rejoin with Mike and Shirin  and use the advantage to vote me out.  I’m going the tribal in a little bit.  Yep.  How are you feeling?  Not good.  Why not good?  It woulde easy for you guys to whip out an idol and protect both of yourself  and kill me.  That' possibility.  I won I feel pretty good. It feels pretty awesome. And today I don't have to  worry about anything, because I’m safe. But I’m not guaranteed to win the  next immunity, so I got some to do in order to get myself further in this  game. What if tonight is the las night that you can g and you don't do it?  You go to the end of game against Tyler and you lose.  I agree. I don't disagree with that.  You...  You get browny points for making a wig move.  If I make it to the end, I made enough moves to get there and I can point out  all the moves that I have done along the way.  There was a time in this game when I would have said Dan was my strongest  ally, but I screwed up and I wish there was a way that I could conVince him  of how loyal I truly am to him. But Dan is unwilling to give me a chance. So  now I see what kind of person he truly is, and it's sad that you put your  faith and trust in someone and they turn out being a lot different than you  thought they were.  Something to think about, bud, because you have to turn on yourselves next  vote anyway. I’m winning immunity. This whole game i've been playing 90 to  nothing. There is definitely some strategy to be thought of about using the  hidden immunity idol tonight, for the simple fact that I could get a big  threat out of this game.  I just wanted to see where your head is at, if you'd even consider.  You're asking us to get rid of Tyler in exchange for Shirin.  Who will not win anything.  Everyone is going to be voting Shirin. I could literally give the idol to Shirin  and shake this game up again. Let's see where the chips fall and maybe those  chips will fall in my direction.  Jeff: We now bring in the members of our jury. Hali, Joe and Jenn voted out  at the last tribal council. Shirin, I want to go back to the last tribal  council.  Yeah.  Jeff: You were sharing very personal stories about the fact that you're  alone, you have no family and you were explaining why you have no family. And  yet a lot of people come into this game and say, well, back home I got my family,  I can trust them.  Yeah. Trust is very hard to come by in my life. I have a mother that means a  lot to me even though we're not close because of what we went through. Like  the people that i'll be sharing this experience with are my boyfriend and his  family and my best friend, and that's fundamentally different from what  everybody else has.  Jeff: Dan, you're saying no it's not.  I don't want to take anything away from Shirin, but I’m an adopted child. All  I have for blood in this world is my mother. I have my adopted family, my  wife, her family, friends I consider my family, but my scenario really isn't  much different than hers.  Jeff: So you had domestic violence in your upbringing?  I’m an adopted child.  Jeff: Dan, not to split hairs, but that's a very big difference.  In the taking anything away from what...  Jeff, I don't think people here appreciate what i've been through and how  wrong what will did to me was. The fact of the matter is he verbally  assaulted me and he took my family situation and really made light of it.  Jeff: Dan, is that just the way it goes when there's $1 million on the line?  No. But I wasn't there when it all went down. And I told her I was sorry the  whole thing had happened.  But notice none of them are saying what he did was wrong and none of them are  telling will, maybe you should apologize for the things you said because you  crossed a line.  Jeff: Well, you and Shirin still have not patched this up.  Not at all.  Jeff: You have no intention.  Not at all.  Jeff: Why not apologize? What if you make it to the end and Shirin's the vote  and all she want was an I’m sorry.  Because if I’m going to apologize, I want it to be sincere. That's the game.  It's not a game when you make it personal. I mean, Jeff, let me just get  right to the chase, you're going to see the absolute dumbest thing happen  tonight and that is me going home. Everybody here knows that I’m not a  threat, and yet we've got somebody who is actually won an immunity challenge,  Tyler, somebody who comes close every individual challenge, Tyler, somebody  who will take $1 million from every single other person here except for maybe  Mike, some of these people just want to follow the numbers. They don't want  the take a risk, and for that reason they will lose $1 million.  Jeff: Tyler, she put you on the hot seat with a compliment.  At the end of the day, my alliance knows that I stand with with them, I stand  strong with them, that without them i'd be right over there.  Jeff: Sierra, Shirin makes a solid argument. When do you take out the threat  and when does somebody who is so not a threat actually become somebody you  should take to the end?  She's 100% valid, but, Jeff, I’m one voight. As one person, if you don't have  the power to change a few people's minds, perhaps you're not in the strong  position in your alliance that you thought you were in.  But we do have a six-strong alliance, and timing and moves in this game are  critical. But you don't want to make moves too early in the game because when  you do, you could make the worst decision of your life.  Jeff: So Mike, how big a vote is this, because if it goes through and Shirin  is out, that means you have to keep winning or you are out of this game.  Absolutely, Jeff. But I win this one more time, and they got to start cannibalizing  themselves. I've been blue strong the whole way. And I’m asking the blues, Sierra,  Rodney and Dan, please write a name that starts with a "t" and you  guarantee yourself a further spot in this game.  Jeff: And they're listening to you because your loyalty has been spot on in  the last week, is that right?  Well, we will see. Only time will tell.  You think you're one of the smarter players in "Survivor" history?  Sometimes looking at an alliance and realizing, hey, we got a guarantee to  the top six and all we got to do is shut up, put blinders on, tune out the  nonsense and just eliminate people. And we play ball with people who are  smart enough, patient enough to sit back and wait. Or if somebody realizes  that they are on the bottom, they would make a move, because going out at six  makes no sense. This game is way too hard.  The thing is, Jeff, before the strong six, it was a seven with Mike involved.  He flipped and made himself a target when if he stuck to the plan of the  seven, this game could be opened up a little differently.  Jeff: Absolutely. If Mike's actions at that moment was the start of  everything that fell before him, so now Mike is having to answer for the  consequences of his actions. And likewise, so is Shirin. They'll say anything  at this point to stay in the game. Because that's what desperate people do.  Jeff: All right. Before we get to the vote, let's see if the two desperate  people have any last words. Mike?  Absolutely. I know Shirin and I are not going home tonight. I’m pulling out a  hidden immunity idol, Jeff. We're going to see where this six is divided.  Can I see it? I can see it? You'd like to see it? So here's the plan, Jeff. Shirin's  voting for Tyler. I’m voting for one of the other four that doesn't have  immunity. And you take your chances. Three people can vote Tyler and  guarantee themselves a spot, because it's only going to take four when I play  this.  Jeff: So, Mike, you're saying you're going to give your idol to Shirin and  any votes for Shirin won't count. The camp votes for you. She's going to vote  for Tyler and you're going to throw a vote to Sierra, will, Rodney or Dan.  Yeah.  Jeff: This really is Survivor russian roulette. If you want to make sure  there is not a bullet in that chamber with your name on it, Mike is saying  you better vote Tyler, otherwise it could be you. Going to make for a very  interesting vote. It is time to vote. Shirin, you're up.  Just sit there and look pretty.  Oh, boy, I hope this works.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so.  Love you, girl.  Jeff: Okay. Once the vows are read, person voted out will be asked the leave  the tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote. Tyler. Shirin.  Dan. One vote Tyler, one vote Shirin, one vote Dan. Tyler. That's two votes Tyler.  Shirin. That's two votes Shirin. Dan. We're tied, two votes Tyler, two viets Shirin,  two votes Dan. Shirin. Three votes Shirin, two votes Tyler, two votes Dan.  One vote left. 11th person voted out and the fourth member of our jury, Shirin,  you need to bring my your torch.  Nice job, brother.  Dan still got two votes.  I’m so excited for this, in my own way.  Jeff: Shirin, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  Bye, Shirin.  Jeff: Well, I don't know if i've ever been this confused after a vote.  Because for all of the talking of a tight six, the votes say otherwise, and  yet nobody from the six seems to mind. Should make for a very interesting  finish to this game. Grab your torches and head back to camp. Good night.  Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor"...  The only thing I can think of is I have to put Dan.  The alliance of six begins to crumble.  It doesn't matter. When your name is the other one that's already been out  there, I have to write somebody else's name down.  A bunch of fake-ass people. I’m done.  And Rodney reaches his limit. I want to be voted out. I want to be on the  jury next.  No hard feelings. We actually got a couple people to flip and show who, in  fact is at the bottom. Dan is a sensitive guy. He does not like to be voted  against. So I have a feeling that tonight might have been a bit of a wake-up  call for Dan. I’m excited to be part of the jury to see it all pan out.