<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor"...  We got the numbers.  Yeah.  We make a move.  Jeff: Rodney was putting together a strong alliance.  I’m always riding with numbers, baby. Looking beautiful for Rodney, isn't it.   Jeff: But being in charge doesn't always lead the happiness.  Everybody's had a break, but i've listen locked in my cell 24/7. I’m pissed.  Jeff: Tyler and Carolyn discovered the party of Dan's advantage.  I grabbed Dan's bag. He gets an extra vote.  Wow.  Jeff: After exposing Rodney's secret alliance.  It's a great job you all flipped Rodney...  Everyone was targeting Mike.  We get him out right now, he'll never know.  I know they are coming for my head.  Jeff: But he was unstoppable at immunity challenges. Rodney is out. Mike wins  individual immunity for the second time in a row. And at tribal council...  I’m pulling out a hidden immunity idol, Jeff.  Jeff: He revealed his idol to shake up the six.  Shirin's voting for Tyler. I’m voting for one of the other four, and you take  your chances.  Jeff: And although Tyler and will changed their vote.  11th person voted out, the fourth member of our jury, Shirin. Shirin was sent  home. Shirin, the tribe had spoken. Seven are left. Seven are left. Who will  be voted out tonight? Who will be voted out tonight?  I think Dan voted for Tyler and Tyler voted for Dan.  I bet you are wrong. I put a star on mine. I voted for Shirin. Thank you very  much. I voted for Shirin, too.  Let's not do this. Let's no do this. Stay focused.  I’m just letting...  You ain't got to. You hear me? You hear me?  One of you is going home next time, so better start scrambling.  When we got back to camp after tribal, they called a little team meeting of  the six. And it was kind of fun. It was kind of fun to start watching people  scramble because for the past three votes, i've been scrambling. Right now I’m  safe with my hidden immunity idol. So that target is taken off of me and  they'll start turning on each other. The fall out of all this will be  interesting to watch, and that's for sure.  I have to write somebody's name down other than mine.  Yeah, absolutely.  I can't write Shirin.  Yes, you could have. I knew it was a bluff.  But when your name is the other one that's already been out there, I have to  write somebody else's out there. If I don't, I’m done. I put down Dan's name  thinking, look, man, I have to do whatever I can to stay alive.  Who is the only other name I can think of that's going to be on the block?  It doesn't matter.  Nothing happened. It's fine.  I didn't write your -- I wrote your name down.  Okay. I’m just coming to you and telling you that.  Thank you.  The fact that I got two votes gives me reason for pause. So that's bad on  will and Tyler, because they did flinch. Mike is still public enemy number  one right now. But here's the problem: Mike has an immunity idol. He's  guaranteed one more trip.  Look me in the eye and told me what you're thinking. This is a game. Right?  You and I are going far. We're not going anywhere. We are not going anywhere.  All right? Last night's vote so the six are more than willing to vote for  each other and that Dan is most likely at the bottom, which is why he got  votes, but I was on the chopping block, as well, so I don't have too many  lifelines remaining. I voted for Dan, and I plan on doing it again. I don't  know if I call Dan extremely gullible. I just call him extremely loyal, but  in this game, they're kind but in this game, they're kind of one in the same.  Of one in the same.  Today is day 30.  Rodney's birthday!  Thanks, guys. Appreciate that. Appreciate that.  Today's my birthday. Hopefully we got a reward. Hopefully I get out of here.  I've been stuck on this beach for 30 days doing the same damn thing over and  over again. We got tree mail.  Read it, girl.  For an opportunity to nourish your soul, just race through. You also may be  feeding your belly if it's you who can dominate the stumps.  I need this pick-me-upper, man.  Feeding your soul?  For an opportunity to nourish your soul, race through a few little lumps. You  also may be feeding your belly, if it's you who can dominate...  People don't know how tight me and will are. Mama c, she has a lot of love,  too, and they're going the take me on this reward.  I have faith in my reward today. If I don't go on the reward, it will be a  sad, sad day. My whole game will change, but guess what, the chances of that  happening are 0.000% chance because that's how much faith I have in these  people. Have in these people.  Jeff: Come on in, guys.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Guys ready to get to today's reward challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: For today's challenge, you will be divided two into teams of three. On  my go, you'll work together to unspool ribbons to release a key. Once you  have the key, build a ladder, climb to the top and use that key to relows a  bag of balls. You then make your way through a net swing to the finish where  you will attempt to land those balls in a series of targets. First team to  get one ball in each of the five targets wins reward. Want to know what  you're playing for?  Absolutely.  Absolutely.  Jeff: Wring -- bring it in.  Jeff: Wring -- bring it in.  Isn't that great?  Wonderful.  Jeff: Today you will be ambassadors of goodwill for "Survivor" and  deliver some much-needed supplies to some very worthy children from a local  orphanage. This truck is filled with the kind of things that back home we  just take for granted, school supplies, clothing, bedding, sports equipment.  You will also treat these kids to an afternoon of barbecue -- chicken, steak.   Ribs?  Jeff: Pork. Feed your soul, feed your belly and change some lives in the  process.  Hell, yeah.  Jeff: Only six people are participating in this challenge. You have seven.  That means somebody is going to sit out. We're going to do a schoolyard pick  to see who will not be chosen. Then we'll get started. All right. We have our  two teams. Dan was a captain. He chose Tyler and Rodney. Carolyn was a  captain. She chose Mike and Sierra. Will was not picked. Will has no shot at  this reward. Here we go, for reward, Survivors ready? Go!  Hop over. Both of us.  Jeff: Teamwork is critical in this first step. You're unspooling these  ribbons to release the key from the very top. If you get tied up, like Tyler  just did, it's going to slow you down.  Go.  Jeff: Mike is through. Here goes Sierra.  Stop, stop.  Jeff: Tyler is through. Here goes Dan.  Go, Dan. You're good. Go, mama c. Go, go, go.  Jeff: Mike, Sierra and Carolyn in the lead over Tyler, Dan and Rodney. There  comes the key for red. Once you have it, unbuckle and head out. Mike, Sierra,  Carolyn working together.  We're good, we're good.  Jeff: You're good. You're good. Now you got build the ladder from bottom to  top. Five ladder rungs. Got to figure out the order. And build it from the  bottom to the top. And one person goes up to get the bag. Red with their  fourth plank. Red with their fifth plafnlg they have their ladder built. Mike  heading to the top. Blue has their third. Their fourth. That's not right.  That's not right! There you go. Rodney has the fifth plank. Mike has the bag.  He's through. Rodney has the bag. He's down. Here goes Dan and Tyler.  Everybody got to go up and over. Now you got to get through the net swing  working together again.  Come on.  Jeff: Mike helping both women up. Sierra's in. Carolyn's in. Ready? One, two,  three. Night. It's Tyler and Rodney trying to get Dan through this very  narrow swing. Red still in the lead. Sierra is out. Carolyn is out. It is a  race to this finish. Mike is through with the bag of balls for red.  Go, Mike. One person starts launching the balls. Both teams are through.  Where the balls?  Grab them.  Jeff: Rodney left the balls behind. You got to go back through. Got to get  through with the balls. Rodney left the balls behind. Huge time loss. That  gives Mike a big head start on launching the balls. Rodney's now go to got  all the way back through that net swing and the panic is sending -- setting  in. Mike is now launching balls for red. Big advantage for red. Rodney's  through. Now blue can go. Red with a big time lead trying to figure out how  this catapult works. Mike's had a few shots now to figure it out.  Yes, yes.  Jeff: Mike scores for red.  That's in.  Jeff: Dan launches and scores for blue. Dan launches and scores again for  blue. Blue with two now.  Yes.  Jeff: Mike launches and scores again. We're tied 2-2.  Nope. That's not good. Blue with a third. Blue now leads 3-2.  Thanks.  Jeff: That's not going to help. It drops in the same spot.  Let us try, Mike.  Dan with a fourth. That's four for blue. It would be a big comeback.  Mike, they're four. They got four.  Jeff: Mike trying to catch up. There's a third for red. It is 4-3.  Mike, can I go or no?  New york I got it.  Mike!  Jeff: Mike not giving it up. Sierra wants in. Mike won't give her a shot. Dan  the win right here.  That's it. That's game!  Jeff: Oh, in and out, over the top.  Just keep shooting, bro.  Jeff: Mike scores again. We are tied now. It is 4-4. Mike versus Dan for the  win.  Come on, Mike!  Jeff: Mike can get it right here. Will it drop? And it does! Mike, Sierra, Carolyn  win reward!  Oh, my god.  Thank you, jesus. Thank you, jesus. Good game, guys.  Sorry. Sorry.  Jeff: Carolyn, Sierra, Mike, nice reward. You get to give back and also  reward yourself with some much-needed nutrition. Tyler, Rodney, Dan, nothing  for you. Rodney, you continue to be shut out of these rewards.  My birthday too today, Jeff. I mean, it went from possibly the best birthday  ever to the worst. This is the worst feeling ever. I’m 30 days in and I haven't  left the beach.  Are you hoping that one of these three will feel for you on your special day  and give up their reward for you?  It's up to them. I’m not going to pressure them and plead the case. It's my  birthday. It's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. That's all I have to say.  Today, Jeff, it is Rodney's birthday, and my heart goes out to him that he  hasn't been on reward. I love you, hot rod, but I got to get some food in me,  too, brother.  Jeff: Carolyn, you or Sierra any interest in giving up this reward to Rodney.   This is also a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity that I don't know I can passes  up at this point.  Pretty sad.  Jeff: What's sad, Rodney?  I think maybe what he's talking about is if it was an individual, we were  going to pick Rodney, Rodney was going to be the first pick, but since it  became a team, I personally did not say I would separate from my team.  But some people made comments and said some things, but when you go back from  your word, it kind of... It's my birthday, you know what I mean? It's my damn  birthday, but it is what it is?  Jeff: All right. Carolyn, Sierra, Mike, fun afternoon in store. Grab your  stuff, head out, enjoy it. Once-in-a-lifetime experience. Will, Tyler, Rodney,  Dan, got nothing for you.  People aren't your friends. They show you how cutthroat they can be. Your own  damn birthday and they don't take you on reward. They just turned me into the  they just turned me into the psychotic person I am. Psychotic person I am.  Carolyn, Sierra, myself get to jump in the back of this truck loaded down  with toy, bags, balls, school supplies and we get to go to this orphanage  where in this truck we get to be ambassadors of goodwill for Survivor.  Hey.  Hey.  Hey, guys.  Hey, guys.  Coming to you. To see the faces of all these little boys and girls when we  pulled up.  Thank you so much.  You're welcome.  It built me up inside because I just enjoy being around kids. And being a kid  because I’m a big kid.  Who's playing? Come on. Let's go. Let's go. Let's do it.  Good save. The only thing I can think in my head are these beautiful,  beautiful little children. Don't have a mom. They don't have a dad. That was  awesome.  I ride horses. I’m a cowgirl. That's my job. I have a baby horse at home that  looks the same. I love horses. This is one of the coolest experiences i've  ever had, to come here and meet these amazing children who are so grateful  and spend time with them. What's your name?  Anna.  Anna? I couldn't ask for a better reward today.  Okay. Thank you.  Enchiladas.  Oh, my gosh. We're so eating.  Look at that plate.  This is insanity.  Amazing.  <br/>Today might be a little bit more of a special day for Rodney, but this was a  really special day for us, as well. This is your experience.  Rodney is going to be pissed off at me because I didn't give up this reward,  but when you think about it, this is not a horrible birthday. You're on  "Survivor," for god's sake.  You'll, honestly, there's nobody else at our camp that I would want the share  this with than you two. Seriously.  I’m so happy right now. You can't even imagine.  I haven't been on a reward with Mike before, so I got a chance to see him in  a different light.  I literally feel like a king right now.  Mike has a lot of power in this game right now. He does win challenges and he  does have an idol. So he's not going home and we have to vote one of the six  out. That's why I’m worried about myself, and, yeah, I’m thinking about  aligning myself with the people that I think are going to take me further in  this game. So maybe it's time to join forces. Who knows? Who knows? Could  happen. Could happen.  Washing dishes on my birthday. No coconuts or any fruit, nothing, there's  nothing here. 0 for 5 on reward challenges and a bunch of scumbags who  neglected me on my birthday who claim to be "Survivor" family. All  bets are off now. Bunch of scumbags. Unreal. Caroline and Sierra, they about  it going to the end. The only people going to the end under my watch is me.  That's it.  Just let him cool off. That's Rodney. He'll cool off.  Well, we'll see how a loss complicates things around here for the next 24  hours for Rodney.  Here he comes.  I’m sorry, man.  You really believe mama c, though. I know far fact you wouldn't do that to  me. You could have individually took yourself out, like I know you guys would  have. I’m really pissed at mama c, though. On my birthday. [bleeped] me over  like that. See sigh I know she would, but mama c, her fourth reward. This is  what is "Survivor's" about, baby. I went on every single reward.  I understand him being hurt. I understand him being upset. But even in my opinion,  that was a bit much.  Hey, listen, this is going to set up really nice. One thing I learn is my  temp kerr get me in trouble or set me forward. We're going to have the  ultimate blind side ever. I’m going to tell that I’m checked out. I want to  be voted out I want to be on the jury next. Mike's not going to play his idol  and we get him out of here. What do you think? Pretty damn smart.  I do not think for a second that it's going to work.  I really think Rodney is slipping off into the abyss. And that's all right  with me, you know, let him have his moment of explosion. Hopefully he's on  the chopping block, and they won't see me as a target. We'll see how it plays  out.  This whole show about Rodney wanting to quit and this and that could be a  little iffy.  I’m telling you, Mike's going home. Mike is going home.  We sat around and essentially watched Rodney storm around, kick the dirt,  curse, spit, fight. He's lost it. He's going crazy. Which is scary. Because Rodney  is in my alliance, and I certainly can't rely on him, and Mike most likely  will play his idol.  What if Mike plays the idol and votes me and I’m gone.  I don't think he's going to play the idol. Why would he play it if I’m acting  so good?  Because it's "Survivor." people have to anticipate crazy.  But how crazy is that, though?  It is crazy.  It would be stupid for Mike to buy the story, and I’m the first one that Mike  wants gone. I’m going to be the one he votes for. If we just leave it into Mike's  hands. Hands. I’m out of here. I’m out of here.  The best time of your life on my birthday when somebody could have stepped up  and let me go. I’m saying I want them to vote me out at tribal and i've had  enough. Hopefully Mike doesn't play his idol.  I wish tribal council was today so you could put my name down. Okay. Have  fun. Have fun with your little game. A bunch of fake-ass people and I’m done.  I need to get home to my family. Mama c, she's supposed to be like a mother.  You're like a son to me? That's like you leave your son home and go out  partying and leave your son at home doing chores when you were out on my  birthday. It's all fake.  Why should they give up their reward when you lost the challenge?  If it was any other day.  It's another day. If I have to hear that...  All right. You are going to hear it. You write my damn name down.  Why quit now?  I’m not writing your name. It totally makes more sense.  I see right through the plane. Feel like I’m safe so I don't play my idol.  That ain't happening, brother. I’m in the an idiot, just because I talk slow  don't mean I think slow.  Write my damn name down.  Go home.  Mike didn't by the act for a second. He just stopped that conversation. Mike  has his immunity idol and we're back to square one.  Lay it on me. You think Mike's going to vote for me next time.  He's either going to vote for you or Dan.  If I don't win immunity.  You got to win immunity.  Right.  I need the start thinking about different options, as well. What about  your...  We would use it when we need it.  Okay.  Would Carolyn be willing to put down the white collar idol to save me? I hope  so. My trust is in mama c. I’m also her closest alliance member. And if  things get down to the wire, you have to trust people in order to get  further. The point is, you need to start bringing your idol the way stuff's  going down.  Well yeah,.  From a strategic game perspective, I’m playing the game hard. I know that Tyler  trusts me. So I think Mike doesn't really have anybody else to work with. So  I actually do feel like I’m so I actually do feel like I’m the one in charge  right now. The one in charge right now.  Jeff: All right. You ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Absolutely.  Jeff: First things first. I'll take back both necklaces. Sorry, Carolyn. I know  you don't want to give it up, but you must. Today we only need one necklace.  Once again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're going  to balance on a very small perch while leaning back holding on to a rope.  Every five minutes you'll move further down the rope, making it more  difficult, when you can't hold on any longer, you'll drop in the water and  you're out of the challenge. Last person left standing wins immunity,  guaranteed a one in six shot at winning this game. Losers go to tribal  council where somebody will be voted out. Draw for spots. We'll get started.  All right. Everybody in position. Put your hands down to the third knot and  lean back, and here we go. This challenge is on. There's nowhere to hide in  this challenge, so as it gets tough and you want to pull it closer, like Tyler's  already wanting to do, can't do that. This is just leaning back and holding  on for dear life. Rodney, you look like you're struggling.  I am, brother. 32 days of this [bleeped], it hurts, brother. I’m just...  Jeff: Emotionally or just...  Everything.  Jeff: And is this related to your birthday? Because I know that was a big  deal. Worst birthday of my life. I did dishes on an island that I haven't  left in 32 days. Forget about it. It's the worst.  Jeff: This would be tough to do on day one. You're on day 32. Where are you  feeling it, Dan?  All in my hands.  Jeff: Is it because of all the work you've done with your hands.  Jeff: A lot of the cuts. A lot of the bug bites. Just my own fat ass, Jeff.  Jeff: You're going to start the feel that pull, and just as I said it, will  felt the pull. Will is the first person out of the challenge.  Nope. Dan is out of the challenge now, joining will. And we're down to five. Rodney  struggling a little bit. How you doing, Carolyn.  Good. Loving life, Jeff. Best adventure ever.  Jeff: The temptation is to try to inch your way back up that rope. Makes it  very frustrating. This challenge can catch up to you without much warning.  Just like that Sierra drops. Rodney drops. We're down to three, it is Carolyn,  Tyler and Mike. Tyler struggling. But still in it. 30 seconds left and we  will move down to the next knot. Carolyn trying to get a grip. Mike looking  very strong. What you're drawing on right now are those reserves, the bottom  of the tank. Everybody just digging in, finding that place inside. All right.  I want you to start thinking moving further down on the rope now. It will  really get tough. All right. Everybody make your move. We're live while  you're doing it, which means this challenge is still going as you maneuver  your way down. Carolyn drops down. Everybody's down now to the next notch. Mike  can't hang on. Can't make the transition. Mike is out. Tyler drops out. Carolyn  wins individual immunity for the second time in a row.  I am so excited.  Good job, mama.  Jeff: Carolyn, come on over here.  Way to go, mama c.  Jeff: Once again you didn't want to give up this necklace, and once again it  is yours. Carolyn safe again tonight at tribal council. Guaranteed a 1-6 shot  at winning Survivor. As for the rest of you, somebody going home tonight,  somebody will join the jury. Grab your stuff, head back to camp, see you  tonight at tribal. Congrats.  Thanks.  The good news is Mike has to play that idol. 2 bad news, I got two votes last  tribal council, and right now there's a lot of talk about my advantage, which  makes me an advantage, which makes me an easy target. Easy target. I won my  second immunity challenge in a row. Woo woo. So excited. But it's not cut and  dry how to play this game now because there's so many options. So you have to  make sure you figure out the right move.  Guys, what are you thinking?  Does it put fear into me that my name could get written down? Of course it  does. I feel like one of three people are going home tonight, me, Mike or Tyler.  But Mike's probably going the play his idol tonight, so the odds are on  either Tyler or myself because they see Tyler as a threat, and my name keeps  getting written down.  Guys vote Mike, girls vote Tyler. Mike votes gets three votes. Mike is going  to vote for Tyler. As far as Dan's concerned, we're gunning for Tyler, but  voting for Dan is not really a bad idea because we get rid of the advantage.  Will also voted for me.  No, no, no.  Just saying.  I don't think you have anything to worry about with will.  You see what I’m saying, though?  What do you think, man?  Mike's still going to be here. You'll be here.  I was thinking Dan. Dan's got this advantage.  Okay.  There are three people in this game who have advantages going into tonight's  tribal, Mike has an idol, Carolyn has an idol and Dan has an advantage in  voting. I was con during if maybe we... Dan's advantage makes him a huge  threat in this game.  Oh, hell yeah.  Down the road.  The last tribal I was the one on the chopping block. I could be easily going  home tonight, so my plan tonight would be to throw four votes at Mike,  another two votes go after Dan and we knock out both an idol and the  advantage. Dan goes home.  I think it's going to be a 4-3 vote, four for me, and I’m voting Tyler.  Mike is gunning for Tyler. And this could be the only opportunity for me to  side with him. But I don't know if that's the right move to make right now.  I really, really, hope mama c is 100% on board with me right now because my  options of who to work with at this point are a little bit limited.  I talked to will. He and I are on the same page.  Dan.  So you guys will vote Mike. That's four votes Mike. He has to play his idol.  He'll play it for sure. And then you, me and will vote Dan.  That advantage is going to come back the haunt us if we don't get rid of it  now.  I know.  It's a toss-up between Dan and Tyler as to who needs to go first. Tyler and I  have a bond. We've been together since literally day three, but he's the only  one who knows I have an idol, so he can blow up my game. But Dan's advantage  gives him an extra vote, so that's a big threat. You know, this is a game for  $1 million, and I’m here to play the play the game, so game on, the play the  game, so game on, boys and girls. Boys and girls.  Jeff: We now bring in the members of our jury. Hali, Joe, Jenn and Shirin  voted out at the last tribal council. All right. So, Mike, last few tribals  it's been a tight pick. I’m guessing tonight they would love to take out you,  but based on the last tribal, you have your hidden immunity idol.  I believe I have it with me tonight, that's for sure. So one of the six will  be going home tonight, that's guaranteed.  Jeff: So who should be worried tonight?  I believe that Tyler should be worried. I believe that Dan should be worried.  I mean, Jeff, I’m enjoying this to be perfectly honest. I've been rooting for  people to change some thinking for three tribal councils now. I mean, I got  the fireworks out, the popcorn, some pepsi.  If you have pepsi and popcorn, please give me some because I’m about 150  pounds and I’m starving. [laughter]  Jeff: Dan, also at the last tribal, you got two votes. And I have to guess  that it was a surprise.  Yeah. And I did find out right away who both of them were. It's tough when  you see your name written down. Nobody wants to see that. As much as nobody  wanted to say who was on the bottom of the six, that painted a pretty career  picture to me.  Jeff: So how concerned are you that it might be you?  I’m greatly concerned.  Jeff: Tyler, what happened after the immunity challenge? You go back to camp,  did you scramble this afternoon?  I don't know if I call it scrambling, but I took a amendment or two to touch  base with everybody that i've been aligned with at one point or another, but Mike  is a charismatic guy. I've been on his chopping block for a while now.  Jeff: Mike, has there been a lot of speculation about the advantage that Dan  got at the auction?  I think everyone has speculated on it. I don't know what it is, but I hope it  was worth $480.  Jeff: Carolyn, there's got to be a lot of concern that Dan has this  advantage, there's only seven people left, six after tonight.  It's something to worry about because you don't know what the advantage is.  It could be another hidden immunity idol, it could be the special powers idol  that tony had, so an advantage is somewhat of a threat.  Jeff: Dan, how many people have approached you and said, let's use it, tell  me what it is and make something happen.  Every single person has approached me, and whether people know what my  advantage is or not is actually irrelevant. They know I have an advantage.  That all by itself makes me a bigger target.  Jeff: Sierra. This is the perfect tribal to make a big move. It doesn't get  better than seven.  Exactly. And honestly, I think there's going to be a really big move made  tonight and everybody's going to be shocked and I think it's maybe a move  that everybody's been waiting for. I’m keeping every option open.  Jeff: Tyler, are we at a point in the game in which you're taking out a  threat in challenges or are you looking to keep the people that you think you  can beat?  I think you're starting to think about the five, four, three arena, and who  you can beat. Four of us are leaving, aifer every decision you personally  make and every name you write down, you better give damn good thought to.  Jeff: What if it is you walking out? Will you be surprised?  Would by surprised? Yes.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Rodney, you're up.  You have no idea how much this breaks my heart.  I've been trying to get you out of this game for a long time out of this game  for a long time now. Now.  Jeff: I'll go tally the  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. Votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol  and you want to play it, now would be the time to do so.  Tonight's the night. Playing it for me, Jeff.  Jeff: This is a hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast for Mike will not count.  I'll read the votes. First vote, Mike. Does not count. Mike. Duds not count. Mike.  Duds not count. Mike, does not count. Tyler. One vote Tyler. 12th person  voted out and fifth member of our jury, Tyler. You need to bring me your  torch. Tyler, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  Well, if there's one thing that should be most concerning is the admission  that everybody wants to take the weakest to the end. Grab your torches. Head  back to camp. Head back to camp. Good night. Good night. Good night. Stay  tined for scenes stay tined for scenes  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor"... The.  The alliance always knew eventually we were going to have to turn on each  other.  Jeff: The majority alliance crumbles.  Your alliance crumbles for you.  Your alliance is gunning for you. Dan is voting you 1 million percent.  What can I say? I left it all on the field, so to speak. My tactics to go  after Dan tonight were right, it's just that the rest of the group didn't  follow suit. I had a blast. I regret nothing that I did. Everything that I did  was to my full potential. It's just different to get ahead in this game if  you're not winning challenge, and unfortunately I came up a little  unfortunately I came up a little short today.