<br/>Jeff: After 29 seasons and 15 years, "Survivor," the great et est  social experiment on television, is once again breaking the mold. These 18  americans have been divided into three tribes based on their occupation and  approach to life. The white-collar tribe, made up of a yahoo executive, a  media consultant and former college professor and a retail buyer. They're  used to being in charge and calling the shots to get what they want.  I’m a buyer for a major department store. I am demanding. I've made pretty  much every person that's ever worked for me cry at one point. I guess I’m the  devil, yeah.  As a college professor, I taught a class on "Survivor." there are  very few things in my life that i've set my mind to that I haven't achieved  because I step on the people whose assistance I need to get to that next  plateau.  In corporate america, i've worked in some hard-core companies. Everybody  wants your job, and it's the same thing on "Survivor." everyone's  going for the same goal. Game on, baby. Here it is!  Jeff: The blue-collar tribe, this group is made up of a state trooper, a  barrel racer and a postal worker. They're used to hard work and physical  labor and aren't afraid to get their hands dirty to get the job done.  I work in the oil and gas industry. I’m normally the one that is covered the  most in oil, covered the most in mud. Same thing with this game. If you're  not getting your hands dirty, you ain't going to win. My hands are going to  be filthy.  I’m a single mom and I’m a hair stylist. Having a little girl is hard, but  it's made me who I am. Mentally, there's no one on this earth who is as  strong as I am.  I've worked for the post office for 22 years. I am here to live my dream. I have  dreamt about being on "Survivor" since season one, episode one. I plan  on being remembered, one way or another, you will not forget me.  Jeff: The no-collar tribe. This group includes a sailing instructor, a  youtube sensation and a coconut vendor. They use their free spirit mentality  to further themselves in life.  I’m a searcher. I’m an adventurer. I fly by the seat of my pants. I do what I  want to do when I want to do it. Of course I want $1 million. Money makes  life easier. Have you ever seen an unhappy person on a jet-ski? No.  When people hear I’m in law school, they probably assume I’m a corporate  dog-eat-dog girl. That's not who I am. I’m in it for the poor, broken-down  people. I’m in the anarchy. I’m the greater good.  As a coconut vendor, I seek truth. I’m a seer of real. I live life in a way  where I’m guided by my own decisions. There are just no rules for me. My  personality is a lot like surfing a wave. Let me surf for a second.  Jeff: It is the ultimate challenge. White collar versus blue collar versus no  collar.  I always want to be the guy in charge, and I’m here to win $1 million.  Fast money, loose women, lots of champagne. Are you kidding me? I don't want  them to think I’m a threat. I want them to think I’m here to enjoy the  beaches. No, I want to beat you in "Survivor."  Jeff: Which way of life will prove to be most valuable?  People look at me and think I’m a meat head. When it comes to competition, I’m  filet mignon and they're a bunch of steak 'ems.  Jeff: In the end, only one will remain to create the prize.  New it's game on.  Jeff: 39 day, 18 people, one Survivor!  As a "Survivor" fan, this is my life's dream. I wanted to be on  "Survivor" since I was 16 years old. Ten years of applying, and yet  I have never been better prepared to play this game.  This is insane.  Bianca: Welcome to "Survivor: Worlds apart." [cheering]  bianca: You have been divided  Jeff: You have been divided into three groups based on profession and life.  The question is: Which of these groups is best suited to the game of "Survivor."  yellow, you're the white-collar tribe. Professionally you're in a position of  authority. Your approach to life is similar. You like calling the shots and  being in charge. White collars tend to make the rules. In the back in the  middle, what's your name?  Tyler.  Jeff: Tyler, ring true for you? The idea of office environment, some  authority?  Typically. I enjoy setting team goals, and usually the best way to see those  through is to take the lead.  I work in arguably the largest and most cut-throat talent agency in all the  world. I don't believe there will be any problem going from the urban jungle  to the actual jungle.  Jeff: Blue, you are fittingly blue collar. Professionally you're usually  physically involved in your work, meaning you are earning it every day. You  don't always make the rules. More times than not you're following rules that  have been set by someone else. Guy with the cap, what's your name?  My name is Dan.  Jeff: Dan, does this ring true for you, this description of blue collar?  Hell, yeah.  Jeff: You're with your brothers?  Brothers and sisters, absolutely. We built the heart of america, blood,  sweat, tear, calluses on our hand, sore at the end of the day but a smile on  our face knowing we accomplished a good day's work.  Jeff: How about the woman in the front with the necklace. What's your name?  Lindsey.  Jeff: Lindsey, do you agree with that?  The winner of this show is on this mat.  Jeff: All right. That brings us to red. You guys are the no collars, the free  spirits. Your professions tend to be centered around passion.  100%.  Oh, yeah.  Jeff: You don't really make the rules. You're really not following the rules.  No collars tend to break the rules. Guy in the back, what's your name?  Vince.  Jeff: You embrace that already, don't you?  100%. As soon as I saw these people, I knew I was with my family.  Jeff: How is that possible just looking at a group?  First smiles you see. You know, it's that free smile, it's that I live the  way that I want to live my life, not governed by anybody else's rules.  Jeff: Guy in the front, what's your name?  Rodney.  Jeff: Rodney, when you look at this other group, do you feel like you're in  the right spot?  I move furniture, so basically the office people, I move office stuff, I move  jacuzzi, all the stuff the lazy people who sit at the desk don't want the  move, so I’m hard worker. That's why you see me. I’m jacked. I work hard and  play harder.  I use my mind to outwhit people. I’m a hustler. I’m a salesman. This is what  I do. Every davie to sell myself to get money.  Jeff: White collar, you look like you're acheing to get into this  conversation. What's your name?  Carolyn.  Jeff: You're shaking your head.  We work just as hard and we have just as much free spirit as anyone else  here.  Jeff: Guy in the back, what's your name? Joaquin.  Jeff: Joaquin, what do you make of being on the white collar tribe?  I wouldn't choose any other side. May 9:00 until 5:00 dunn define who I am.  Jeff: Great point, to judge a book simply by its cover can be a very costly  mistake. Let's get to it. White collar, you're now going to pick one person  to represent your tribe. Choose somebody.  Anyone want to volunteer?  Jeff asked someone to step out front and take on a weighty decision. One  thing i've learned from studying this game is the biggest mistake you can  make is putting yourself into a leadership position.  Sure.  Jeff: Joaquin.  Yeah.  Jeff: Joaquin, take a couple steps forward off that mat. Right there is good.  Perfect. Blue collar, same thing, pick one person to represent your tribe.  That's cool.  Jeff: Blue collar, who is it going to be?  Me.  Jeff: Dan, are you comfortable being selected?  It's a double-edged sword. This could go either way.  Jeff: Dan, take a couple steps forward. All right, no collar, who are you  going to pick to represent your tribe?  I’m down with that. All right.  What's your name again?  Will.  Big surprise, they're having hard time deciding anything.  Jeff: All right, white -- no collars, who are you going to select? Do you  need a white comer to go over there?  We don't get offended. It rolls off our back.  Jeff: Who will it be?  Will.  Jeff: Woman in the front, why will?  He promised us sandwiches. That's why we picked him.  Jeff: You're going to make sandwiches.  Yeah.  Jeff: Using what?  I have a whole resource out there.  Jeff: From the ocean you're going to make sandwiches?  It's going to be nice.  Jeff: You're still not backing down.  That's how we do it.  Jeff: All right. Will, take a step forward.  I had a video that went viral of me and my wife Dancing and singing at the  gas station. People liked the video because sometimes people take life too  serially and don't take advantage of an opportunity like that. Just live in  the moment. Just put your guard down and just have fun.  Jeff: Will?  Yep.  Jeff: Dan, Joaquin, you're going to pick a second member, and this person is  going to join you in making a very big decision on behalf of your tribe. Who  do you want to join you? Choose somebody.  Anybody volunteer? No? Yes. You're in.  Okay.  It's all you, boss.  Jeff: Woman on the end, what's your name?  I’m so.  Jeff: So, being a leader can be a very precarious position that you put  yourself in.  But I’m standing with someone else, so if I’m falling, he's falling with me I  guess.  Jeff: Dan, why Mike?  He volunteered.  Jeff: No collars, will, you turned and pretty quickly chose Jenn.  Yeah.  Jeff: What was it about Jenn?  Jenn is a free spirit like everyone on this map. I know I can trust her and  she's going the make the right decisions for our team.  Jeff: All right. White collar, your tribe name is Masaya. Here's map to your  home. Blue collar, your tribe name, Escameca. No collars, your tribe name, Nagarote.  Head back the camp. When you get settled, each pair will separate and make a  decision for their tribe. Good luck. Head out.  Yeah, baby.  Jeff said everyone go back the camp. I could see the other two tribes going,  those white collar people who work in the offices, we want to kill them. But  to me, class has nothing to do with it. It's "Survivor" warfare.  I love being a no caller. I can just see it in people's eyes that they're fun  kind of people. I think as a tribe, the game plan right now is to be really  laid back and let it flow. I kind of live life that way.  You probably are wondering about my ears. I’m completely deaf. I lost my  hearing seven years ago, so I have cochlear implants. That's how I hear. They  were all extremely shocked when they found out I’m completely deaf. I know  that i'll be at a disadvantage, but the most I can do is go into it 110. And  give it all i've got.  You guys want to walk around, figure out where we're going to set up camp?  We need to do something. I think we need to make a decision based on what it  might be.  We had to make a decision before the tribe. So we said, okay, we have the  make decisionings as a group.  Number one, we're working as a team. That's how you win.  We have the vibe.  It must be something.  Honest, deceive.  All right. You want me to read deceive? Deceive: If you choose to deceive,  you'll receive a small bag of beans to take back to your tribe. It will only  last a few days. You will be given a clue to the hidden immunity idol.  Honesty: If you choose to be honest, you will receive a huge bag of beans and  it will show you can be trusted. If we wanted to be dishonest, we could have  a clue for the immunity idol and take a small bag of beans. Or we could be  honest with the tribe and take a humongous bag of beans.  I think we should bring the big bag and let them know. Ultimately we're  making a decision for our tribe, so obviously the choice is the big bean bag.  We're not in the individual game. We're doing the best for us as a crew. It's  a team effort.  So you want to be good guys, or do you want to be bad guys? How do you want  to start?  My heart says I want to be a good guy, but villains win this game.  But I think it's too early to be a villain.  I agree. I think we should take the beans.  I think we should take the bean, as well.  You sure?  No.  Take the beans.  Take the beengs, dude. We have to do the right thing this early.  I agree. Take the beans.  My inclination is to go with the honesty simply because at this stage of the  game, to throw deceit, I personally think it's stupid.  People, what are you all doing?  You have to focus on trying to build that camaraderie.  Basically we get over there, and there's an honest and a deceit tab in front  of us. The honest tab said, if you are honest and you don't take the  advantage, then you get a big bag of beans. We took the big bag of beans.  Mice!  It's too early in the game.  I don't believe that's a full bag of beans. I think they chose the other one.  That's not a big bag. What was the other one, four beans?  Trust takes time. Hopefully we just earned a little.  If you've given us a reason to think you're lying and not being honest, you  know, then you have to live with that.  They screwed us.  Either they believe us or they don't. There's nothing we can do. We made the  right choice. You know what, we have to go with it. I mean, yeah.  The hard part is not juggling. The hard part is not looking at your hands  when you're juggling.  What if I do this? [laughter]  my name's Joaquin. I’m from new york. I’m a marketing director.  I’m in training. So first thing you do in training is introductions.  I’m Tyler, and I just until recently was working at the largest hollywood  talent agency.  You name, how long have you worked here, what have you done. That's kind of  what we did. We're in the ashamed of being white collar.  My name is Max. I live in southern california. Right now I am a researcher  and consultant.  They all knew what to do. It was like clockwork.  Jeff said that when we got back to camp, Joaquin and I would have to walk off  and make some sort of decision.  Make sure you have your story straight before you go back the camp.  Honestly, I know what we're doing, we're taking that question. The question  is, what are we going to tell them?  That means we're in an alliance right now.  I think we were in an alliance when you stepped forward.  The other possible decision is go with the honest route.  That's a silly decision. She's a cutie. She's really cool and down to earth,  but I’m like, come on, who the hell is honest. Are you here to make friends  or are you here to win $1 million. Let's go, cutie. If I have an advantage, I’m  going the take it. You know you want that, as well.  Joaquin was so sure. There was nothing about him that wanted to be honest or like  work with the tribe.  You have to go with your gut. What is your gut telling you?  Okay. Let's do it. Ultimately that gut instinct to have that advantage won,  not too far from where you clench your first, you can satiate your need for  power. Nestled in a nest with no need to climb, this just may be your finest  hour. Okay. So where you quench your thirst.  So that's where the well is, wherever the well is.  Nestled in a nook.  I love having an advantage. But that means I have to trust Joaquin. That's scary,  too.  You're stuck with me now.  I feel like I’m making a deal with the devil.  That's fine. That's perfectly okay.  The decision we ultimately made was to deceive. We took the clue.  Did you hide it?  Yes. My biggest fear is putting target on my back. My whole game could come  crashing down around me.  When so and Joaquin come back the camp, they have this bag that's tied shut.  What was it all about?  You were gone for a while.  We had a dilemma.  What was it?  There were three boxes. There was one that said honest, one that said deceive  and one that said neutral. And we picked neutral because whatever... If we  picked honest or deceive, they said there was going to be some sort of like  caveat with it. I don't know what would have happened.  Is it rice?  It's beans.  We wanted to pick honest...  We didn't know what the hell was going to happen.  Listen, better to be neutral. Day one, right in  i don't really trust so, and Joaquin. I’m thinking they have secludeed the  hidden immunity idol. I would do the same thing. I can't be pissed off at  anybody else. This is a game. Hello.  I think that bag of beans is really small.  They're terrible liars. I don't buy that for a second.  As a "Survivor" fan, I knew it's honesty or deception, and they  clearly chose deception. So I want to immediately start connecting with  people. I want to see what they think about me. I want to see if anybody  there is willing to engage.  Exactly.  I think we can be strong.  Carolyn's like, I’m just so happy to be here. So am i, girlfriend. Do you  want to do this?  All right. We're good. Yes.  Oh, my gosh. She was down. Also I get a really good vibe from Max based on  appearances, you now, like a hipster academic type.  So and Joaquin are way too close. They definitely know where the idol is at.  So Carolyn and I were talking this morning and saying...  So and Joaquin are getting Dangerous?  Yeah.  Yeah, I agree.  From that point I had a great bond with Carolyn. I had a great bond with Max.  That's three of us in a tribe of six.  As long as we know us three are tight, we can work it from there.  Oh, my gosh.  Crab dinner.  Got him, got him. Mama's eating dinner tonight.  We're blue collar workers. We saw what needed to be done. We all jumped into  it because we'll find a way. That's what we do.  You got it, you got it.  And there is fire. Oh, boo &gt;&gt;-yeah, baby. We got a fire built in the  first two hours. In one sentence: Blue collars kick ass.  Thank you.  I have this. This whole arm is just family stuff. And I have like an ocean  piece on my leg.  When I saw my tribe, I was really happy. I you get a girl all tatted up. She  has artwork on her body. She wants to express herself in some way. It's easy  entry the talk about something.  What's that there?  Natalie, even though we'll never see each other again, we'll always be  together.  You lost your sister?  A few years ago. She lives downstairs in the apartment. I knock on the door  on monday. Her car ain't. There I’m like, what happened? I tried getting the  door, it's deadbolted. I busted through a window. I see her face first on the  ground, blood surrounding the area. I found my sister in cold blood two years  ago. Coming into "Survivor," I knew I could get to any girl's heart  with that story, so it makes me solidify when I have this tattoo on my arm,  they can tell I’m telling the truth and being real. My strategy from day one,  get the girls. Girl, they want to sit back and let man take the leader role.  So I want to get the girls. I want to be their leader and take them to the  merge with me.  Scorpion.  Where?  Right here. So I grab this piece of bamboo I’m about to cut. I happen the see  this scorpion go by. It's in the that big of a scorpion at all that big  enough that I’m sure if it stung you it would do some damage.  Want to eat him?  First instinct is protein. So I cut its tail off.  All right. Now we're talking.  You going to eat that thing?  I never had one before.  How does it taste?  Down the hatch. It tasted like crap.  Did you eat a scorpion?  In the tasty. [laughter]  when you guys are starving later tonight and I have a scorpion in my belly,  don't be mad. I knew when I came out here if there was an extra chance to get  protein, I was going to take that chance. It just so happens that might not  have been the greatest decision I ever made.  Did you eat it raw?  Is he puking?  He's puking?  He ate a scorpion.  Maybe not the best decision to eat a scorpion on the first day of "Survivor,"  but I’m the type of person, if I see an opportunity in front of me, I’m going  to go grab it. I’m going to run as fast as I can and clench on as hard as I can  and ride that bull for as long as I can. I saw the scorpion. I seized the  opportunity. And I paid the consequence. That's your boy. That's weakness  leaving the body.  This is our first coconut, guys.  Yes! I feel like we should have bongo drums.  So sweet.  No color -- comeer is a wonderful little community. Everything is going  great. We're meshing and flowing smoother than hot butter.  I’m so happy.  There's something about Jenn that just seems real. That makes me comfortable,  completely, emotionally secure, physically secure, and it's wonderful.  I used to have feathers in my hair, not that that's an immediate connection.  But I was like, my people.  I saw your smile, your big bright eyes. Instant connection.  Absolutely.  You and I with our intelligence, we really could make it all the way.  The guy with the feathers, right off the bat he pulls me aside and tells me  he thinks we have a kin madrid spirit, I like you smile, I want to go to the  end with you. He's everything I expected him to be. And more maybe.  If you create friendships the way I do. It's really hard to break a bond.  It's nice to have one person you know.  The anchor.  One of my greatest weaknesses is my intense attraction to women. Jenn brought  an element of herself here and so did i. I want to play with somebody that's  like that. When I want something, I get it.  He's playing this game a little harder than I would have seen coming out of  those feathers. I’m thinking, it is worth it to play whatever he thinks I am  to him, but right now it's worth it to have ally to, have people on your  side, so that's my approach with him right now.  Let's raise this up here. At least that's off the ground.  We can do that.  Vince said he wanted to do the shelter a certain way. And I said, hey, man,  whatever you want to do. You know, very no collar of me, but in this  situation, I have a lot of skills that I bring to the table. I've worked in  construction. I've built a lot of things.  We have these really long bamboos that we can use for the a-frame.  This is just the top of our lean-to.  How about we get this up and go with the frame.  I think that's a lot more work. I’m thinking stick this up there, put three  or four frames here and put it on.  I just want to get a roof on. &gt;&gt;I’m in the a big fan of something  telling me to do something I know is wrong. I know what we need to do to get  it secured. So at some point politeness goes away.  You want to bring this one in so we have less space to fill?  Let's just put it together and see what happens. We're spontaneous, remember?  We're the spontaneous tribe. Let's keep going.  Watching Joe want to do it his way and only his way, it was a huge red flag.  We're in no-collar tribe. We need to have collaboration, if we don't have that,  it's going to be a problem.  That's kind of high.  What's the one thing we're missing? We're missing somebody to make the  decision. Let's make some decisions.  Make a decision.  I think we're probably going the need three posts is what we said, yes?  That's stupid. That's the dumbest thing you can do.  Why are you upset? Why are you concerned in  because the support is going to be...  I’m starting to get frustrated.  Dan definitely gets under my skin because he says things that are just over  the top and dramatic. He's one person that doesn't belong.  Bamboo is hallow. It won't stay. It will split the bamboo and drop us. I am a  fat guy. It's not going to hold.  Dan with his age and being male, he wants the prove himself that he knows  what he's talking about, but he's dealing with 20 year olds, and he's twice  their age, so you're going to have to listen to them, but he doesn't have  those social skills to work it out.  I think that's way too high.  Dan, what do you think?  Make a decision.  No, no, no.  I’m the only one that wants this.  Now you're changing your mind. First you said lower it. Don't be wishy-washy.   I agree with her. I think it should be lower.  Well, say that.  Every time I say something, I get yelled at. Now I don't say something and I’m  still getting a hard time.  We discussed it earlier.  I’m agreeing with you.  The whole thing started with Lindsey. I saw ciera's reaction. I saw Kelly.  Now I try to change tactics. I have to lay back and shut my mouth.  Do you want me to stay or go get firewood?  Whatever you want to do?  I just want to be of use somewhere. I'll go get some firewood.  I’m in a no-win situation. I’m really in a bad position fast with this tribe.   The guy with the beard, he's kind of bossy. We need to get our harry potter  grandfather out of here.  I am in the faring well in this game. I try to stay out of making a decision,  I try to make a decision, it doesn't matter.  It's tough.  I agree.  You are taking a little heat. I noticed that today. You are taking some heat.  I don't want you to feel like you don't have a friend in the world because  you know you got a friend with me.  I hear that. I hear that. Mike's great. He really wants to stay positive.  That man is a walking ray of sunshine. He's absolutely the glue holding us  together now.  There's probably a million people who wanted to be here, but we're here.  Still the best day ever.  How come you know how the start a fire without flint?  I saw this on youtube and I did it every day before I came out here.  Joe says, I can make fire, so, Joe, go make fire. You say you can do it  without flint, I’m going to sit here and try the watch you do that.  I don't know if you want this.  I do. That looks amazing. My princess.  Stop it.  I like Joe a lot. I think his personality is great. He's a good-looking dude.  He's tall, he's muscular. He should be on the cover of a romance model.  Do you need help blowing on the firewood?  No.  Do you need help blowing on that wood over there?  Got to make this hole a little bigger.  This game means the world to me. I have been such a huge fan my whole life. I  said I can make fire, so I got to back it up and make fire.  I see it smoking.  You got it.  One good one. Good. Keep going.  Yeah.  Go, go!  Yes!  For me getting the fire was the best feeling in the whole world. It was  really good. It scored me some points with the tribe.  I’m going to get some water.  I already have something going on with Jenn, but it seems like she wants to  ride the wave that Joe's making. That worries me because I don't trust him.  So I have to further explore this relationship with Jenn. I have to really  feel out who she is as an individual person.  I want to ask you a real human-to-human question.  Okay.  Do you feel more of a connection with Joe?  No. None. I’m not playing this flirt game.  You're not attracted to him?  No.  Not even a little?  No.  I think Vince is jealous. One of the first things out of his mouth is, so do  you think Joe is attractive? What?  But you like him?  I like him as a human being. I like you as a human being, too. It's not like  I prefer him over you at all. He's obviously got these little puppy dog  feelings that apparently he had for me hurt. But I know how to handle him. I think.   It's still me and you?  You still want that?  I do. Do you? You're freaking me out? You don't seem like you're wanting  that?  I do. I really want that.  I do.  But I’m not seeing enough evidence? I would really like if Jenn were an  honest person, but I just don't feel that. I just feel like she's being fake.   Are you less stressed now.  If you give me a good hug.  Vince is the most paranoid person out here. Dealing with him is a lot. Calm  down, you know? He's driving me nuts.  That's a good hug.  Oh, I needed that.  And don't hug me forever after. We smell bad. Okay. We smell bad. Do not get  this all over my face.  There's our lovely abode.  It just looks like a train wreck.  It's not so bad. We have a roof. We're going to work on it today.  Okay.  My thoughts are, the shelter is very average. It was probably the worst night  of sleep i've ever had in my life.  What kind of shelter do we want to build?  I'll take a nice little mattress.  Our tribe is white collar people who run the show. But the reality is we've  got to grab our lunchboxes and grind things out with the blue collar-like  work ethic.  Let's work on an action plan.  I'll slither down here. This could use a little bit more coverage here.  Anything?  There's nothing there. What are we doing wrong? Come on. Who would have  thought it would be that damn hard to make a fire. Nobody knows how to make a  damn fire. None of us do. Why would we? White collar. We hire a blue collar  to go make us a fire. We're not getting fire, but it's all right. You know? I’m  going the start going to look for that immunity idol.  When so and Joaquin came back to camp with that bag of beans, I kind of  figured they had a clue. So I watched them like a hawk because if they're  looking there, then maybe it's over there. So made it so freakin' obvious.  She's searching in that tree like there's no tomorrow. I kind of know from  watching seasons past the types of things you have to look for. It's got to  be something that's different. It looks different. I saw this funny-looking  tree, and I’m like, okay. Yeah! I got the idol. Oh, my god! I open it up, and  I’m like, you have found the hidden immunity idol. The magical part of this  is everyone thinks that so and Joaquin have the clue and they're all still  looking. It's hilarious.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. Are you guys ready to get to your first  immunity challenge?  Absolutely.  Bring it on.  Jeff: For today's challenge, you're going the race down a ramp, go through an  obstacle where you will make your way to a large wooden crate containing a  ladder. You have a choice. You can open it using a key to unlocklear, or you  can untie knots. Both will release the ladder. Once you have the ladder free,  you will use it to go up, across and down a tall platform and through another  series of obstacles. You will then use the ladder to help you make your  biggest decision in this challenge, which puzzle to solve. There are three  choices. The first puzzle has only five pieces in it, but it requires you to  see the big picture. If you can do that, you can solve this five-piece puzzle  very quickly. The second puzzle has ten pieces in it, and it requires you to  see things more visually. If that's the way you think, you will whip through  this puzzle. The third puzzle has the most pieces at 50, but it is also the  most straight forward. The only problem with that puzzle is 50 pieces. All of  these puzzles average the same amount of time to finish. If you put the right  person on the right puzzle, you can finish much faster than average. The  first two tribes to finish their puzzle wins immunity. This is the immunity  idol. If you have the idol, you are safe from the vote. You're not going to  tribal council. You can't be voted out. First tribe to finish wins this.  Second tribe to finish wins this. They both mean the same thing. Losers go  the tribal council where somebody will be the first person voted out of  "Survivor: Worlds apart." in addition you're playing for reward.  Want to know what you're playing for?  Yeah.  Jeff: First tribe to finish, this will really come in handy, a massive  fire-making kit. Second tribe to finish, not as much, but still effective,  flint, bragging rights to boot. Give you a minute to strategize and we'll get  started. Here we go. It is the first challenge of "Survivor: Worlds  apart." for reward and immunity, Survivors ready? Go! Everybody  attacking the hay. Got to high-step this second obstacle.  You all right?  Yeah, got it.  Lindsey takes a fall. Not as easy as it looks.  Come on, come on.  Jeff: One person now working on this ladder.  Go.  Jeff: All three tribes have chosen to use the key to unlock locks. Nobody  took the knot. Lindsey for the blue collar and Joaquin for the white collar.  20 keys three of them work for three different locks. Any time you want, you  can switch out.  It's no, sir, it's not.  Jeff: Joaquin will jump out and turn it over to so, and so will start on the  knot. Lindsey is dropping out and she's sending in Mike to do the knot. Vince  is giving up on the key. He's putting Joe on the knot.  Let's go, baby. Huge change of events straight out of the gate. All three  tribes not not afraid to change it up. So working on the knots for the white  collar and she's whipping through them. Mike is working on his fifth knot. Joe  working on his sixth november. Joe has made up a lot of time for the no  collars. So continues to lead. Mike trying to catch her. Joe in second place  for the no collars.  You got it, Mike. Don't panic.  Jeff: Blue collar quickly falling behind in this challenge. So has the last  knot.  Open it up!  Jeff: Release that ladder and head out. White collar in the lead.  Let's go!  Jeff: Joe on his last november. There it is. Open it up, no collars. Get that  ladder and start moving. It is white collar, no collar and blue collar. Mike  with five knots left. You're still in this. Keep digging. There are three  stages, up, across and down. White collar now working their way across. No  collar is up the ladder. Blue collar still working on the knots.  You're all right, Mike.  Don't panic.  Jeff: White collar now down. No collar taking a lot of falls. White collar  now working together maneuvering the next obstacle. You've got to slide that  ladder through the slots. Mike is on his last knot for blue collar. Blue  collar has their ladder. We are neck and neck right now. White collar through  the first phase.  We can make it up.  Jeff: Blue collar is up. Now they have to get across and down. It's now no  collar in the lead. White collar in second. Blue trying to get back in it. No  collar through the second obstacle. Now the big decision, which puzzle will  they choose. White collar's through. They're going to decide on which puzzle.  Let's go, blue collar.  Come on, come on, come on.  Jeff: Five, ten or 50 pieces make a decision.  Ten.  Jeff: No collar is going for the middle puzzle, the visual puzzle.  Which one?  Jeff: White collar is going for the easiest with the most pieces. Big  surprise from the big brains of the white collar. And as predicted for the no  collars, they picked the visual puzzle.  No pressure.  Shirin is taking the very logical puzzle where what you see is what you get.  We're not in a million years doing this.  Oh, god, I’m sorry.  Jeff: Blue collar, work together.  Get back.  Jump in. Jump in.  Jeff: Jenn already stepping out. Joe now in. Joe now working the puzzle and  he has first piece. Shirin quickly working trying to figure out what is this  puzzle because once you figure it out it will go very quickly. Blue collar  through now. Choose your puzzle.  You got this, Joe. Joe with his third piece.  How do I get over there?  Jeff: Now blue collar can't figure out how to use the ladder, falling further  behind. Joe is flying through a difficult puzzle while Shirin is struggling  with what should be an easier puzzle.  Middle. Middle one.  My fingers. My fingers.  Jeff: Rodney takes the ten-piece puzzle, the one that requires you to see  differently. Joe with another piece.  Shirin, do you have this?  I know what it is, it's just...  You got it.  Jeff: Joe with another piece. No collars very close to finishing. Joe down to  three pieces left. Make it two pieces left for no collar. A huge victory out  of the gate. Joe is one piece away. From winning the first challenge in  "Survivor: Worlds apart." and he has it. No collar wins immunity  and reward! We're looking for second place.  Stick it in. No, flip it. Turn it. Right there. Sierra has the first piece in  her puzzle. Getting a lot of help from her tribe. Shirin starting to panic  has made very little progress on what should be the easiest puzzle out here. Shirin  is swapping out. Max coming in now.  Sierra, let me switch with you.  Go. Go.  Jeff: Sierra swapping out. Mike coming in now. Losers go to tribal council.  You do not want that to be you.  Look at the big picture.  Jeff: Mike with the second piece.  Immunity is ours if you can do this.  Jeff: It is Mike versus Max. Mike with his third piece.  Blue collar, holler, holler.  Jeff: Max is making a lot of progress where Shirin couldn't. Does he have  enough time to finish? 50 pieces is a lot more than ten.  There you go, baby. Information is a comeback, baby.  Jeff: Blue collar was in dead last. They have now caught up and they are very  much in this.  We need this immunity.  Jeff: Max has one-third of his puzzle done, but will it be too little too  late.  We're in this game, Mike.  Mike down to two pieces left.  Good job, blue.  Immunity!  You got this, Mike.  Jeff: Mike down to one piece left. He could win immunity for blue collar and  keep them safe sending white comer to tribal council.  Spin it around 180 degrees. Yeah, like that. ?Ieflt and he has it! Blue  collar wins immunity and reward sending white comer to tribal council.  Yes, yes, yes, yes! Blue!  Holy comeback, batman.  Never over until it's over.  Damn right.  .  Jeff: No collars, congratulations. Immunity is yours. Nobody going home  tonight from your tribe. Blue collar, nobody going home from your tribe.  That's right. Mikey, take that.  Jeff: All right. No collars, come get your reward and head back the camp.  Thanks, Jeff.  Jeff: Nice work. Blue collars, not a massive fire making kit, but it will get  the job done. Here's flint. Grab your stuff, head back the camp. No tribal  council tonight for you. All right. White collar, somebody from your tribe  will be the first person voted out at tonight's tribal council. You have a  very interesting afternoon awaiting you. Grab your stuff, head back the camp.  We'll see you tonight at tribal.  Oh, my god, the challenge today was a disaster. A disaster. I mean, we were  in the lead until the very end. And it was definitely Shirin and Carolyn.  They were the weakest links on our team.  We were in the lead. We started off first. And it went downhill from there. Shirin  said from the start that she's great at puzzles, but we lost the challenge,  which is fine because you got to step up, right?  You guys want to talk about it?  I think we all know what needs to happen, but no one wants to start doing it.  Shall we make a schedule like a calendar?  This is so white collar.  It's going to be a girl tonight, we all know that.  I’m going to get water. I need to drink about 17 of these.  Everyone is going to see the girls as weaker than the guys. I know we all  like each other, but one of us is going home tonight, plain and simple.  Should we take this opportunity?  We should.  First things first, I’m -- you crushed that side of the challenge.  What are you thinking? What's your initial...  Where did it all fall? Her.  Shirin. Is that what you're thinking?  Don't get me wrong, but the one thing she has is a clear voice. And Carolyn  didn't want the put her neck on the line.  As a business person, I expect people to deliver. If you don't deliver,  that's a problem. Shirin was weak physically today and she didn't perform  during the puzzle. Carolyn is playing the safe role. She's not volunteering  to put herself out there, so I’m leaning toward Carolyn at this point. If we  say Carolyn, I can conVince Joaquin that's the right thing to do. The hard  part is to get the three guys to vote toward Carolyn?  What?  Are you going with Carolyn?  Shirin felt really bad about letting us down.  What I’m pissed about is Carolyn is never going to step up to take a role  where she's tested.  That can be a great way to get ahead in this game.  Exactly.  I’m worried about so. She's gone off with everybody. If they want to keep the  tribe strong, you got to go with the weakest link. They might want me out  because I’m the oldest person on the tribe. So who are you voting for? I mean,  I know you guys are thinking either me or Shirin.  I don't think that's true.  I have one person set in mind already. I already made my decision.  Yeah. I’m very...  Your name hasn't been brought up.  So you're telling me I’m not on the chopping block tonight?  Not on mine. You have my word.  I can actually vouch for that.  Well, I’m down with that.  White collar people have interpersonal skills to know when people are lying,  and I think so lied about the clue with the hidden immunity idol. I don't  trust her. She's playing me just like she's playing everybody else, and right  now I don't feel comfortable.  Here's the deal. I don't want you to start getting all freaked out, but your  name has come up.  Right.  But I want strength. And you've proven to be nothing but strong.  Oh, my god. I knew my name was coming up and so was walking all along. I’m  thinking so brought my name up point blank.  It has to be a girl tonight, because the guys are stronger, so if it's not  me, it's one of those two.  What do you know about idols.  I don't think any of them have the idol. I know that they don't.  Because?  Because I got the idol. I’m bringing it to tribal.  There may be absolutely zero reason, and without even having a further  conversation between me and you, of you needing to play it.  I have a hidden immunity idol, so I know I’m not going home tonight, but I really  don't want to use it tonight. I want to go there feeling comfortable that  it's not me. So I need to get so out. So's trying to angle me out. I say it's  got to be her.  I kind of think we should vote for so.  Shirin, Carolyn and I have been true to each other since day one, but most of  all what I want is to make sure I am with the numbers.  If she's sending me home, I’m voting her out tonight.  The names on the table tonight are Carolyn and so. Carolyn stands out because  she's older. That's just the sort of small difference that can make you an  outsider on a small tribe of six members. On the other side of the equation  is so. She's certainly put herself into a difficult position when she chose  to lie to the rest of the tribe about the choice that she and Joaquin made.  What are you thinking?  I think we need to go after the big man. She's the wild card. There's three  of us, there's so and Joaquin and there's the big man. What are you thinking  about this read?  Well, on the one hand, you have people who lied to their fellow tribe mates.  That said, it's complicated by the fact that so tore through those knots. On  the other hand, when I think about trust, Carolyn thinks she's at the bottom,  I can't say a bad thing about her.  Here's the way I look at it, we need numbers and we need people willing to  work hard and be loyal.  Tonight's vote, fit just would boil down to physical strength, it would have  to go in the face of Carolyn because she's older than everybody else on the  tribe.  I look small but I actually pull a lot of weight.  On the flip side, if it's integrity, all arrows would be pointed at so, but Carolyn  changed a lot by telling me she had an idol.  I don't think I need the play it tonight.  The logical argument is that Carolyn should be first one to go. I know how Dangerous  the immunity idol can be. Tonight's vote can go either way, but I absolutely  believe that somebody is going to be shocked.  Jeff: Behind each of you is a torch. Go ahead and grab a torch, dip it in the  flame and get fire. It's part of the ritual of tribal council because in this  game, fire represents your life. And when your fire is gone, so are you.  Let's talk about the opening dilemma. Joaquin, you were picked the first  representative and then you picked so. You two had to go back and make a  decision on behalf of your tribe. How did that go down?  It was a deceive box, a neutral box and there was an honest boxment and we  went with the neutral box.  Jeff: Shirin, what was your sense of what was going on?  Jeff, I’m a big fan of the show. This is season 30. And there are big holes  in that story. I think that there was a clue to a hidden immunity idol and  they were being dishonest about what had gone down.  Jeff: Max, you see these two for five minutes and that was first test of  trust.  Jeff, I’m not angry at them or disappointed in them for making that decision,  I would have made that same decision probably myself. I just would have done  a better job of lying about it.  Jeff: So how does this sit with you?  It's a little heartbreaking for it to come out this way. Bottom line is, the  four of us are really strong. And I’m just hoping that, you know...  The four of us?  Oh, this is interesting. And who are they?  Tyler, Max, Joaquin and so.  Jeff: So Carolyn, Shirin, you are not in the core four, which is not good in  a group of six.  Bad. A game is afoot.  A wise man once said.  Jeff: Caroline, how does this feel for you the hear the core four exist?  I’m the oldest one out here first, person you think you can't do all the  challenges and everything else, and yet Max and Shirin have been together  with me from day one.  So is Max lying to me then?  I think my name is on the chopping block.  Actually, yes, we were voting you out tonight. We decided that you are the  weakest link.  You told me specifically that it was Shirin.  Yes, I had to tell you that. Everyone sat here and said, we have to tell Carolyn  that we're voting Shirin.  I think you've lied to me from day one obviously.  Yes, I didn't trust you.  Okay. Well, good. I don't trust you either.  You know these two ladies up here were our weakest.  What describes weakest because you opened a new knots? How exciting is  opening knots? I think any one of us could have stepped up to open a new  knots.  Tyler, do you agree?  I thought the reason we took over this challenge today was because of so.  Because of her focus and the way she was able to see all 20 of those knots  through. It was pretty impressive. It's what kept us in the game.  At the end of the day, we were trying to play as a team and I was trying to  be a team member. The game started out and Joaquin had to make a choice, ultimately  we got caught, but when it comes to team challenges, I’m there for the team.  I showed that today.  As opposed to me not being there?  No, you didn't step up once at any single challenge. You chose to stay safe  and not attack anything.  Oh, really, because I have been working my ass off in camp, oh, by the way, I  am just as athletic as anyone else. So the fact that you would put my name  down today baffles me.  Jeff: Tyler, with only six people, you have to be right in who you vote out.  Jeff, our competition is against those other guys. We make the wrong call  tonight, and we go in physically weaker and emotionally weaker, whatever  weaker for another challenge. We're going to be right back here with you.  Jeff: Max, how are you feeling right now?  Jeff, I am thanking the "Survivor" gods for providing me what I was  hoping for, and this is a wicked downpour and lots of drama.  Jeff: You're getting both so far. All right. It is time to vote. Joaquin,  you're up.  I haven't trusted you from the beginning. You've lied to me from day one. I hope  it's you and not me tonight.  We have the keep the tribe strong, and you're the lesser of two evils.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want the play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked the leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Carolyn. So.  Carolyn. That's two votes for Carolyn. So. We're tied. Two votes Carolyn. Two  votes so. So. That's three votes so, two votes Carolyn. One vote left. First  person voted out of white collar versus blue collar versus no collar. So, you  need to bring me your torch. So, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  Good luck, guys.  Jeff: Well, there's no doubt you guys are players. Bigger question is: Are  you good players? Did you make the right move tonight? Time will tell. Only  good news about coming to tribal council, you go back the camp with fire in  the form of flint. Grab your stuff. Head back the camp. Good night. Stay  tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor"... White collar takes on the  no-collar mentality.  What is going on around here?  Not even close.  Jeff: While Nina is taking on her entire tribe.  Don't touch me. You think my tribe would try to make me feel like I belong.  This moment is my worst nightmare. I never would have imagined i'd be sitting  here first one voted out. They're definitely going to make -- -- they  definitely made a mistake. They kicked off someone who was clearly an asset  in challenges. This hurts a lot. I’m trying to absorb the shock of it all