<br/>Jeff: Welcome to a very exciting night. It's our season finale of "Survivor."  white collar versus blue collar versus no collar. We are live in los angeles  all night long. This has been a season that has inspired excitement,  controversy, a lot of social media chatter more than any season in recent  memory, and we love it when you guys are emotionally involved and your  loyalty is once again put us number one in the ratings. We have a dramatic  finale tonight capped by the live reading of the votes and the winner and  then our reunion show where one of big topics will be the way some of the men  talked about system of the women. If you haven't heard, for the first time ever  we've turned next season over to you. For fast two weeks, you've been voting  for your favorite second chancer. The voting is still live for one more hour  until 9:00 eastern time. Go to cbs.com to vote now. Later tonight we'll  reveal that cast for "Survivor" second chance. It's a big chance.  Reach out to us at twitter @Jeffprobst #survive finale. We started with 18.  We're down to five. Rodney, Mike, Sierra, will and Carolyn. It's the "Survivor"  finale, white collar, blue collar, no collar.  I've worked in corporate america my whole life.  What blue collar stands for is hard-working american. &gt;&gt;lyive my life  not governed by anybody else's rules.  Jeff: 35 days ago 18 americans were divided into three tribes based on that  profession and approach to life. Welcome to "Survivor: Worlds  apart." [cheering] white collar, blue collar and no collar. The question  was: Which way of life would come out on top.  To me class has nothing to do with it. It's "Survivor" warfare.  Jeff: From the beginning the blue collar tribe that riesmed they were  hard-working, fearless.  Did you eat a scorpion?  Jeff: And above all a family.  Oh, boo-yeah baby. Blue collar kicked ass.  Jeff: But every family has issues.  Is that how your mom raised you?  Who the hell gets a tattoo on your damn face unless you got some serious  problems.  Jeff: The white-collar tribe was all business.  Let's talk about an action plan.  Jeff: But bosses without employees just didn't work.  Nobody knows how to make fire. Why would we? We'd hire a blue collar to make  us fire.  Jeff: The no-collar tribe brought a more free spirited approach to the game.  They were play, spontaneous and very affectionate.  We smell bad. Do not get this all over my face.  Jeff: But free-spirit thinking doesn't always lead to success. Will is an  absolute disaster. They lost challenge after challenge. White collar wins  immunity, sending no collar back to tribal council. After the tribes merged,  white collar, blue collar and no collar were now one society.  One people battling it out for $1 million.  Jeff: But the no collars quickly found themselves in a familiar spot. Hali.  Jeff: Back on the bottom. Joe, Jenn. At the auction, Mike made a  controversial decision.  All right. Nice.  Mike didn't do it?  He didn't do it.  Jeff: That alienated him from everybody.  He broke my heart.  Jeff: While Dan's position in the game grew stronger.  Yeah, baby!  Jeff: Dan has won the advantage.  You bought yourself an extra vote.  Jeff: From that moment on, Mike was on his own.  I got work to do.  Jeff: But he found the hidden immunity idol  this is what we do, baby. We do the happy chance.  Jeff: And won challenge -- Mike wins -- after challenge. Mike wins individual  immunity. With their plans destroyed, tempers flared.  Nobody even likes you. There's nobody home at the united states right new  that is missing you.  Jeff: Unable to get Mike out of the game...  I’m playing this for me, Jeff.  Jeff: The majority alliance had to turn on each other. Tyler, the tribe has  spoken. Mike seized the opportunity and tried to build his blue-collar  alliance.  I've had your back. They don't have your back.  Jeff: But his pleas to Dan fell on deaf ears.  Mike has the audacity to look at me to say, I have the power to save you.  So he turned to an unlikely ally, Carolyn.  Dan is voting one of you two, and I think it's you.  Jeff: At the last tribal council, Dan played his advantage, targeting Carolyn.   I’m not taking a chance, Jeff.  Jeff: But after she played her idol, it was Carolyn who got the last laugh. Dan.   Whew!  Jeff: When we started the game, we had three tribes. 35 days later,  representatives from each tribe still left in the game. It is anybody's game  to win. Five are left. Sierra, despite being a free agent for most of the  game, this professional barrel racer has never lost her blue-collar work  ethic and she hasn't offended anyone on the ju, but has she done enough to  win their vote?  This whole game I feel like i've left my options open, but at this point it's  every man for himself, so I have to change the way I’m playing this game to  further myself one step closer.  Jeff: Will, from day one, he has embodied the no-collar lifestyle by doing  things on his own terms, not afraid the break the rules and break an alike.  Did I lie? Of course. Did I backstab in yes. Doesn't matter. You're going to  do whatever you need to do to stay in the game.  Jeff: Carolyn, the last remaining white collar isn't afraid the take charge.  She found an immunity idol, won multiple challenges and has managed to put  together blind side after blind side resulting in an impressive "Survivor"  resume and massive target on her back.  I work hard in camp. I work hard in challenges. But you're only as good as  yesterday. I will fight tooth and nail. For me this is do or die. This is  bring it home, Carolyn.  Jeff: Rodney, this tough guy has found the game harder than he thought. He  was shut out of rewards, winless in immunities and at times seemed on the  edge of sanity, but he was responsible for one of the strongest alliances in  the game. Will it get him to the end?  I came in here with my mind, and I dominated socially. I built relationship,  so when I get to the final three, I am guaranteed sole Survivor.  Jeff: Mike went from top dog to underdog in the blink of an eye, but like new  true blue collar, he rolled up his sleeves and went to work. He found an  immunity idol and has gone on an epic winning streak when he needed it the  most. The question is: Can he finish the job?  You can only find out how strong you are when your back is up against the  wall. And my back has been up against a pretty large wall this whole game.  But I’m going the take the bull by the horns and I’m going to run with it.  Jeff: Who will have what it takes to outlast all the rest and become the sole  Survivor?  This was so much fun at tribal tonight when Jeff read the votes. I was like,  god be with you, Carolyn. You made the right freakin' choice. You voted Dan?  You voted me?  Uh-huh.  And there's still four going out there? How is that even possible. We got to  get Mike out. We got to bind together and get Mike out of this game.  Stockholm syndrome was full in effect. I mean, Carolyn knows she's on the  bottom. They all just voted for her, yet the four of them go to the beach. So  at this particular point in the game, I really do feel all alone.  Why wouldn't you tell us you had the idol. That was a mistrust out of all of  us. If we let us know we had the idol, we would have played Dan.  Who didn't vote for me? There was one person that voted Dan besides me?  Mike.  When you make a move like, that you see who your friends are, and Mike had my  back. But he doesn't have the numbers. So I’m not going to be all upset with  them voting for me. I need them. I’m feeling so happy right now, there's no  more idols.  And there's no more advantages. Now it's game on.  I was going to say that.  Now I know how I sit with my alliance. I have to be on the lookout, but if Mike's  still in the game, he's the biggest threat, and if you join forces together  against the common enemy, that brings you closer together. So that's my  strategy.  One, two, three...  Final four.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. Final five, you ready to get to today's  reward challenge?  Yes, sir.  Jeff: For today's challenge you will race under a net fall. You'll then make  your way to a table where you will slide tiles into a target. Once all the  tiles are through, you will use a machete to transport those tiles over a  series of obstacles to the finish table. You will then sort the tiles into  pairs. Three of the tiles will not match up. Those three hold the code to a  combination that will unlock your box. First person to unlock their box and  raise their flag wins reward. Want to know what you're playing for?  Yes, sir.  Yes.  Jeff: It's a very nice reward and it starts with something you haven't had in  36 days: Unconditional love. Carolyn, here's your husband.  Oh, my gosh. Look at him, Carolyn. Look at him, Carolyn.  Jeff: Tell me about your marriage Joel?  Oh, my goodness. We were high school sweetheart, been together almost 40  years. She's the one I miss the most. She's the special one.  Jeff: All right. Give her another hug and then take your spot. [applause] Mike,  you ready for a little love? Here's your mom debora. Mike, of all the  relationships, there really is nothing that can top a mother with her child.  This woman has my utmost respected. She raised two horrible kids, worked  three full-time jobs, went to school, graduated magna cum laude. You think I have  worketh snick this woman never stops.  Jeff: So that's where it comes from?  This is where it comes from.  Jeff: All right. Say your good-byes.  You look great.  Thanks. You do, too.  Jeff: Rodny, let's see where you come from. Rodney, sr.,, come on out.  What up, bro?  What up, bro? We've been through so much, me and him. I want you to know,  this dude is one of the most hard-working men i've met in my entire life. I’m  so proud to be your son, brother.  I love you.  And also I want the share with you, I’m finally at peace with natalie now,  brother. I look up in the sky and I finally have peace, two years of  nightmares and all that heartbreak, it honestly has changed me and I see her  every day and she's the one who gives me strength.  Jeff: Rodney, sr., it's got to make you feel great that he is now at peace.  Oh, absolutely. If this is what it took, I’m glad that somehow, somewhere  he's finding that kind of peace.  Jeff: Give him a hug.  I love you, brother.  Jeff: Sierra, I know you're ready for some love. Let's get your dad out here.  Danny, come on out.  Daddy.  That's awesome.  This is my best friend in this whole wide world, my supporter, my everything.   Jeff: All right. Take your spot.  I love you, baby.  Jeff: Will, let's bring your wife out. Monitha, come on out.  It's okay. It's okay. I love you. It's okay.  I missed you. Look at you.  I’m not fat no more.  Show her your head. Show her your head.  Look at that. I’m a hot mess out here.  Jeff: Oh, did you hear that? "you're still cute."  he's still cute.  I’m not disney anymore. I’m not hungry anymore.  Jeff: Really?  Yeah, boom. Let's do this, baby. Let's do this. Let's do it. Let's go, Jeff.  Let's go! I got a loved one to talk to.  Jeff: All right. The winner of today's challenge will get time with their  loved one. They will go back to camp with you. They will get to share in this  experience. In addition, the winner of this reward gets an advantage in the  next immunity challenge.  Wow.  Wow.  Jeff: Huge stakes. We'll draw for spots. We'll get started. They're going to  watch. Here we go. For reward, Survivors ready? Go! Everybody attacking that  net crawl. Knees are getting bruised. Skin is coming off.  Come on, baby.  Jeff: Will is out of the gates first, and this is a first.  Go, baby!  Jeff: When you hear that ding, that is good news. Sierra struggling. Carolyn  struggling. Everybody now on their tables sliding tiles. The ones you don't  get to at first you have to go back and get and do them again. All the tiles  have to go through. It is will, Mike and Rodney right now in this. Will has  not been in a challenge in a long time. The love of his wife definitely woke  him up. Mike has all of his. He can start stacking. Will down to one left.  Come on, babe. Hustle.  Jeff: Mike taking off. Next phase is you have to transport these tiles at the  end of machete. How many can you take at once in if you fall off and drop  them, you have to head back. Mike out in the early lead. Look at. This here's  will. Will's in this challenge.  Go, baby, go!  Jeff: This last beam is very narrow, about an inch wide. Mike with his first  stack.  Go urge Mike, go, go, go go,, go!  Jeff: Will drops. He's got to head back. Rodney how has all of his. Sierra  has all hers. Mike heading back with his second stack. Will now going to try  again. Sierra heading out. Carolyn still fighting to stay in it. Mike has won  three individual immunities, would like to win another reward right here.  Will making his way up for the second time. No! Will drops again. He's got to  head back. Losing all that time.  Baby, that's okay.  Jeff: There goes Mike. Carolyn now has all hers. She's heading out.  Take your time, kid. Take your time.  Jeff: Sierra now on the balance beam. Rodney on the balance beam. Here comes Mike  with another stack. Will drops again. Sierra drops before she can get to the  platform. Rodney with his first stack. Mike has all of his. Mike now with a  huge time advantage. He's going to start pairing up his pieces, getting  closer to the end. Can will make it this time? Yes, he does. Drop 'em. Head  back, will. Pick it up. Let's go. Sierra is across. Heads up, Sierra. Run.  Let's go. Mike still pairing these up. When you have three left, those three  hold the code to solving this. Rodney drops. He's got to head back. Another  setback.  It's not over yet. It's not over.  Jeff: Mike has his all paired up. If he's right, he has the three numbers he  needs. You got to get 'em in the right order, otherwise you got to come back  and try a different order. Sierra back. She has all hers. She's trying. Mike  is trying another combination. He's got to try it again. Sierra now matching  up pairs.  Come on.  Jeff: It is Mike and Sierra now. Sierra has been slow and steady. Mike trying  a different order. The question is, is he right? Mike going to try again. Is  this one right?  That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it.  Jeff: No!  Crapola.  Jeff: Sierra has caught up now. Sierra now closes the gap. Mike going the try  it again for the win. Is this it. Yes! Mike wins reward, time with his loved  one and an advantage in the next immunity challenge. All right, guys.  Everybody take one last good-bye hug with your loved ones, except for  deborah. You're sticking around.  Get the chopper ready. I’m about to be medivacked, baby.  Love you.  Jeff: Mike, come on over. Bring your mom.  Come on, mama.  There you go, brother.  Jeff: Mike, debora's going to come back the camp, live with all of you guys.  You're going to spend the night. Then in the morning you will both go to the  location of the next immunity challenge where an advantage will be waiting  for you.  Oh, wow.  Jeff: Take your mom, head back to camp. Enjoy the day. Be good hosts.  Not only did I win an advantage, but having my mom here, seeing her smiling  face, that would have been enough, but her coming back to camp and staying  the night, man, you take your best day, add ice cream with some cherries on  top, that's what today feels like.  I’m sitting down and i'll get some water.  All right.  What a day.  The great thing about this reward is having my mom out here with me, getting  to share that with probably the person I love the most in this world, it's a  special moment. Just seeing her here...  You see how skinny he is?  Yeah, but I expected him to be a lot skinnier.  Stand up. I don't think she's seen.  And feel your stomach. He's lost 25 pounds easy.  Yeah, well, you still look so much better than I was expecting. He hates for  me to say, that's my little boy, but he's my youngest boy.  I was about to be real selfish and steal my mom for a little bit.  Go right ahead.  I've been completely on the outs with everyone. There's been a lot of  personal attacks. They've really villainized me to have a common... Oh, it's  rough. Like there was a couple days where no one even spoke to me.  I believe he does have a big row to hoe in front of him to go out being the  winner of this competition.  But it's tough. I’m literally out here by myself.  My job out here for Mike is to definitely be everything that he needs.  Nothing is about me. It's all about him.  I haven't seen a game of "Survivor" where there were so many  players actually here to play the game, and so it's just been battle after  battle after battle after battle.  This is a big boost for you, me being here.  Huge. Nothing can give me the peace of this conversation, of you and I sitting  here, knowing that, you know, you want for me to succeed in every way.  Uh-huh, uh-huh.  This is one of the greatest days i've had in 36 days, having someone here  that I know 1,000% that I can trust, and to experience this with her is a  top-ten moment in my life.  I love you.  Love you too. There's a table right here.  Go see what it says.  All right. For your next immunity challenge, you will be blindfolded, put  into a giant maze to retrieve four medallions. Your advantage, you will get  30 minutes to explore the maze guided by your loved one. When the water's  gone, your time is up. You ready?  Ready.  All right. Let's do it. All right, keep reaching across.  The advantage basically was my mom leading me through this maze.  Start feeling. Keep your feeling.  And it was frustrating because even though she was helping me, I couldn't find  the immunity necklace.  If I’m going to wrong way, tell me.  You are. Flip it around.  I kept thinking in my head, I’m screwing this up. We don't have time. Just  go. Pick up the pace.  Okay.  We need to her we because we need to do that last station and I need to find  the immunity necklace.  I thought I was directing him the correct way, crap, that's not right. But  there's a lot of dead ends and there's a lot of thinking you got to figure  out. You just slam up against a wall and you don't.  I’m so sorry. I’m not very good at. This I’m sorry. That's it? Okay. Stop.  That's 30 minutes? Really in  yeah.  Wow. That's not good.  No.  This is so important to him, and I’m the one that messes it up. Oh, that's  just devastating. So I don't feel good at all about him going into this  challenge. He'll never tell you that I let him down, but I’m here to tell you  I did.  You can do it.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to today's immunity  challenge?  Yes, sir.  Jeff: First things first, Mike. I got to take it back.  Yes, sir. Don't hold on to it too long.  Jeff: Once again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you  will be blindfolded. In the center of a giant maze. On my go, you will race  to find four medallions in the north, south, east and west corners of the  maze. There are guide posts to help you navigate. Once you find all four  medallion, you must then find the immunity necklace. First person to find the  necklace wins the necklace. Safe tonight at tribal, guaranteed a one in four  shot at winning this game. Losers, tribal council where somebody will be  voted out and become the seventh member of our jury. Big stakes. We'll get  you blindfolded and we'll get started. All right. This is for a guaranteed  spot in the final four. Survivors ready? Go. 37 days and you wind up here,  blind folded, stumbling around a maze looking for four medallions -- north,  south, east and west. Mike had an advantage. We will see if it pays off. Carolyn's  searching. Sierra looking. Rodney looking. Will trying to find his way. Very  difficult when you have no idea where you are to try to find your way to  these medallions. Find your way to these medallions. Mike quickly finds a  medallion. He's got it and he's heading back out, looking for three more. Sierra  trying the find her first. Carolyn trying to find her first. Rodney  searching. Will looking. Mike to the guide post station. It will help point  you in the right direction. Sierra at her first station. Sierra has a  medallion. Sierra's now in this. Mike has one. Sierra has one. Mike has his  second medallion. Rodney has his first medallion. It is now Mike with two  medallions, Sierra and Rodney both with one. Will still looking for his  first. Carolyn still looking for her first. Easy to get disoriented.  Especially difficult given you have no idea what this maze looks like. Mike  looking for that third, and he has it. Mike with his third medallion. Only  one left for Mike. The energy now picks up from everybody else. Mike is  close. Rodney stumbled into Mike and stumbles into his second medallion. Rodney  now with two medallion. Look how that works. Sometimes your just in the right  spot at the right time.  Where are you at?  There's one over there?  Follow me.  Rodney now helping Sierra.  This way?  Jeff: And will. Rodney offering assistance and it pays off.  Where are you guys? Will now has his first. Sierra has her second. Now Carolyn  wants in.  Where are you guys?  Jeff: The theme of this game continues. Mike appears to be a lone wolf.  It has to be here. I feel the hook.  Jeff: Carolyn has her first medallion. She's in it now. Everybody on the  board now. Mike with three, Rodney with two, Sierra with two. Carolyn and  will with one. Mike is one medallion away if he can just find it. And he has  it. Mike has his fourth and final medallion. Now all Mike has to do is find  the immunity necklace and it is his guaranteeing himself a spot in the final  four. The only way to slow Mike down is to get the medallions. Mike back at  the center guide post. That's what he needs to point him to the end. Now he's  just got to get there. Rodney looking for that third medallion. Sierra  looking for her third. Carolyn looking for her second. Will still looking for  his second. Can anybody stop Mike in this game. Mike has it. Mike wins  individual immoneyty for fourth time, guaranteeing himself a spot in the  final four!  He's just bringing it right over to me.  I want it, Jeff. I want it back.  Jeff: Come on up. Mike another big effort, another win, your fourth win,  guarantees you a spot in the final four, and after 37 days, somebody will be  voted out of this game tonight and become the seventh member of our jury. It  won't be you. Congrats. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. See you tonight  at tribal.  I won immunity again, but I know that if I lose the next immunity, I’m going  home. But you know what, I’m a blue collar. I like having my back up against  the wall. This is the "Survivor" that I signed up for.  Mike wins the immunity challenge, so now the alliance of four has to turn on  each other, and this is the first day in 37 days that I do not have the  hidden immunity idol.  I’m going to grab a bundle of wood so we can get this fire burning.  I'll come with you.  But i've already got a plan "b." Mike and I have a bond, and I’m  going to use that to secure my place in the final four.  Well, what are you guys thinking?  I’m thinking Rodney. He's dying anyway. He doesn't help around camp.  Never has.  Will does more.  He does do more.  He does do more.  He definitely gets wood. Every now and then he'll get up and get water.  Yep.  You comfortable with that?  I’m good with either one of them really? I feel like you and I developed  something, so I’m definitely not writing your name down 1,000%, but say I don't  win immunity tomorrow, you know, like I have no guarantee of going to the  final three. I mean, you guys can tell me, you're guaranteed, you're  guaranteed, but it was a little bit telling me today whenever we're in the  challenge and I can hear everyone working together. I’m just expressing  concerns.  At this point I’m willing to do anything Mike wants, because I’m scared. I’m  terrified that it could be me who goes home.  I mean, I know I did mess up. We had something from the get-go, and it may be  too late to repair, that but I hope you know from past too that I can be  trusted.  I think so.  I’m telling you now, 100% on my father's love, I will go Rodney.  We started off with players. I would like the finish this game with players  and not just straight up coattail riders.  I’m done with that pact.  Absolutely.  I think this is the final three.  I like this final three.  At this point I have done everything in my power. I’m writing down Rodney no  ifs, ands or buts. I just hope nobody is writing down my name.  I’m in a spot today. Honestly, it's between you and somebody else. You know?  Because obviously the girls are coming to me saying you. And who would you  really want to get out, you and will?  Sierra and caroline went off with Mike and told him they're putting my name  down. These broads are hilarious. From day one they said they can't stand Mike.  The first moment their back is against the corner, they're their kissing his  ass. Guess what, I don't play that. I don't kiss no man's ass. I'll lay down  the facts and say, listen, keep me around or do you want to go with these two  women who are probably going to beat you?  The girls, right when we came back, me and will are like, look at these girl,  Sierra and caroline are best friends.  She just wrote caroline's name down two nights ago.  So I’m here to keep it real.  I know.  I have made myself vulnerable to the jury. I've made myself look bad.  Right, right.  What has Sierra done? She hasn't done nothing.  Right, right.  Honestly, you have a better chance going up against Rodney, the vulgar ass  than Sierra the sweetheart.  You're right.  Plus in the last four immunity challenges, the only person that's been close  to beating me is Sierra.  I’m telling you right now, I have will's vote to vote her if you want.  Right, right.  So if I go with you tonight...  It's a rap. It's a rap  100%.  I’m swearing to you on my christian soul.  The boy goss three...  The boys go three and forget about these fake broad.  It's like trying to sell ice cream to an eskimo because I don't trust any of  these people. Do you really want Sierra gone?  That's what he told me.  So I have to follow my gut and figure out what's best for my game. But if I make  the wrong decision, it could be a $1 million mistake. Million mistake.  Jeff: We now bring in the members of our jury. Hali, Joe, Jenn, Shirin, Tyler  and Dan voted out at the last tribal council. So, Mike, for the last five  tribal council, you have been most wanted. Tonight do you feel like you are  the swing vote given that you have immunity?  100% the swing vote tonight, and it's a really weird position to be in. Now  people are kind of coming to me, wanting me to be on their side.  Jeff: Is there a part of you wondering, can I trusted the people that are  coming to me today to be there for me tomorrow if I need them?  I love you guys, but I can't trust nobody sitting up here. The only person  that I can trust is me.  Jeff: Rodney, after the challenge today, what happened back at camp?  After immunity, Mike pulled me aside and said it's either you or Sierra  tonight, but on a bigger note, I swore on my vote tonight on my sister's  life, so what I put down, you're going to know I put down and it's real.  Jeff: Sierra, did Mike come to you say, look, it's you or Rodney, but I know  my name has been brought up, but I plead my case to everyone today...  Jeff: Which was what?  I may have not won any immunity, but i've been near second to Mike several  times. I’m playing hard. I help around camp.  Jeff: Is that a case to keep you or get rid of you? Because tonight your  pitch should be, I can't win, i'll never win a challenge, right?  I’m saying that because we've played this whole game to get rid of tough  competitors, but now it's like, who deserves to be here? Who is trying hard?  And I’m pleading because I am trying hard and I’m proving that I want to be  here.  Jeff: And yet, Mike, that's in direct opposition to the philosophy of the  last several tribal councils.  Absolutely. They have kept weaker players in the game to take to the end. I had  no part in that, Jeff. The only way that I’m able to get to the end of the  game is to keep winning.  It sure is. And if he doesn't win immunity tomorrow, he's going to be sorry.  150,000%.  Jeff: So Sierra, hearing all these conversation, what do you think is going  to happen?  I think my name's going to get written down tonight, but I want to be here  and I feel like i've proven it.  Jeff: Rodney, what's the case you make? Why keep you tonight?  If people are thinking about voting me, the conversations that I had with you  today were real, they were genuine, so let's get to the vote because it will  prove where I’m at in this game.  Jeff: Let's find out who it's going to be. It is time to vote. Rodney, you're  up.  We've been together for 37 days, and guess what, I just outwitted you, baby  girl. Outwitted you, baby girl.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. Okay. Once the votes are read, the decision is  final, the person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area  immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Sierra. Rodney. One vote Sierra,  one vote Rodney. Sierra. Two votes Sierra, one vote Rodney. 14th person voted  out and the seventh member of our jury, Sierra. That's three, that's enough.  You need to bring me your torch.  Wow.  Jeff: Sierra, the tribe has spoken.  Jeff: Sierra, the tribe has spoken. Well, congratulation, you're made it to  the final four. Tomorrow you will compete in your final immunity challenge.  Try to get some sleep. I promise you, you're going to need it. Grab your  torches. Head back to camp. Good night.  I've never been surrounded by people who lie as much as these people do, but  if they're playing the game as me being a threat, I guess it's kind of a  compliment and that's how it went. I gave it my best and it wasn't enough.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Here we are, day 38, final four. You ready to get to  your last immunity challenge?  Yes, sir.  Yes, sir.  Jeff: Mike becoming very common from me to take this back from you.  Wring it back soon please, Jeff.  Jeff: For the last time immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge,  you will untie knots to open a gate. You're going the race up a huge tour.  When you get to the top, you'll retrieve a key and then fly down a giant  waterslide. You'll then make your way through a multi-level obstacle course  where you will use that key to release a bag of puzzle pieces. You have the  bag, drop it on your table and head back out. Once you collected all three  bags, you will use the pieces inside to solve a lighthouse puzzle. First  person to get it right wins immunity, is guaranteed a spot at that final  tribal council where you will get a chance to plead your case about why you  deserve the title of sole Survivor and the $1 million that goes along with  it. Losers, you know what happens, 38 days in, you go to tribal council  vulnerable and somebody will be voted out of this game this close to the end.  This is it. One last shot to control your destiny. We'll draw for spots and  we'll start. Here we go. Our final four for a guaranteed spot at that final  tribal council. Survivors ready? Go! You've been working with knots for 38  days. Rip through these. Do not take your time and do not the polite with  that rope. Carolyn ripping through the knots. Mike has his. Carolyn has hers.  Will has his. He's out. Rodney almost there.  Come on!  Jeff: This is it. For final immunity, it is Mike with the early lead. Will  and Carolyn right on his tail. Mike sprinting to the top. Got to untie your  key. Let's go. Rodney has his knot. 38 days taking their toll. But here comes  the sprint, trying to make up some ground. Mike has his first key. He's  heading down. Mike has his first key, looking for that first bag. Rodney made  up a lot of time running up the steps. Here comes will. That's how you do it,  will. Let's go. Here's Carolyn. Carolyn down with her first key. Here comes Rodney.  He's back in it. Everybody looking for that first bag. You got to make your  way through the obstacle course with the bag and then down the fireman's  pole. It is Mike with a bit of a lead over Carolyn, will and Rodney. Mike has  his first bag. Heading back up for number two. Those steps are going to get  more difficult every time you go up them. Rodney's down the pole. Will down  the pole. Carolyn down. Will, Carolyn, Rodney heading up for their second  key. Mike has his second key. He's coming down. Mike with the lead, looking  for his fifth individual immunity challenge win. You can see the fatigue.  Will, Carolyn taking a long time to get to the top. Here comes Rodney. Right  behind Rodney, here's will. Mike has his second bag. Mike coming up looking  for his third. Here's Carolyn. You got to dig. Whatever you have left in the  tank, you want the use right now! Even Mike having trouble getting up those  steps looking for that third key. Carolyn fighting to stay in it. Rodney  staying in it. He's got his second bag. Will starting to fall out of it. Rodney  with bag number two. What does he have left in that tank? Let's see it right  here. Rodney's digging. Here comes Mike with his third and final key. Carolyn  has her second bag. She's heading up. Everybody exhausted. Rodney is still in  this. Carolyn is still in it. Will still working on that second bag. Mike has  that third key. One more bag and you start working on the puzzle. Will has  his second bag. Here comes Rodney with his third and final key. Rodney is in  this. Carolyn striking to get to the top. 38 days of "Survivor"  showing their wear and tear on everybody. Will taking one step at a time. Mike  now has his third bag, can start working on the puzzle. Rodney is still in  it, right on his tail. Here comes Carolyn. She's in it. Rodney has his third  and final bag. He can start working on the puzzle. Will has his third key.  He's coming down. Will exhausted. You are still in this, will. Let's go! Mike  has his first piece. Rodney still untying bags. Carolyn has her third bag.  This is it right here. This is why you came out here to play, for this  opportunity. Right now you can control your destiny. Mike has won four  individual immunity challenges. Carolyn has won two. Will and Rodney a big  goose egg. Today would come in very handy. Mike with his second piece of the  puzzle. Carolyn has her first piece. Will has his first piece. Rodney looking  for his first piece. Carolyn still looking for that second piece. Carolyn has  her second piece. Mike with his third piece of the puzzle. Make it four. Carolyn  with another piece. We are neck and neck right now. Mike with his fifth  piece. There's another piece. He would join the most elite company in the  history of this game with his fifth individual immunity win. Carolyn still  fighting to catch up. Mike has another piece. Rodney falling further behind. Mike  with another piece. Mike now has two pieces left. Carolyn trying desperately  to get back in this. Mike with another piece. Carolyn with another piece. Mike  down to one piece left. Is this it? Mike, individual immunity, his fifth,  guaranteed a spot at the final three.  Thank you, jesus.  Will, you're a better person than when you walked in, brother.  Never in the 42 years of me living have I ever been tested like this before.  This game has changed me. I want my daughter to know that anything you do in  life, you give it your all, and your mama and daddy are going to be proud of  you, whether you fail or not.  I needed to hear that too, bro.  Jeff: Well said.  I’m so proud of you guys. God bless you. I love you, mama c. We did it. We  left it all out there.  Jeff: Come on over.  Let's do it as a team. This is your moment, baby. Come and get it for fifth  time.  Thanks, brother.  Unless you want to give it to a brother. You still got a chance.  I think I want the keep it.  Jeff: You guys know the drill. I don't want to break up the hug. Here's where  you stand. Somebody heading home tonight. Head out, tribal council race.  We'll see you there. Mike, congrats. Well earned. You're in an elite group  right now.  I’m sitting in the final three, and it's like being able to breathe for the  first time in a long time. It doesn't mean there's not still a lot more  battle to be taking place, but at this particular point I can are level in it  for a little bit. You know what we do, when we win the immunity necklace, we  do the happy Dance, baby. We do the happy Dance, because we're happy.  Jeff: And this is why so many of you dream of being on "Survivor."  it is an epic adventure. What a run for Mike, a spot in the final three.  He'll have a shot the make his case for the million dollars and title of sole  Survivor. Inside here, our second-chance nominees. There are 27 people in  here plus five people from our current cast, 32 former players. Some of these  guys have been waiting 15 years for another shot. The new cast will be  revealed live tonight. Okay. Mike has one spot. Which of the three others,  will, Rodney, Carolyn will be joining him at that final tribal council? As  these guys know, it could be a million dollar decision. Survivor white  collar, blue collar, no collar continues after this. [cheering and applause]  you today, man. I ain't never seen Rodney go like that.  If I could do puzzles, we had a contest. That was a tough puzzle. That wasn't  easy.  When we got back to camp, I maybe took five minutes and, you know, gave  myself a high-five about the final three, but I’m not allowing it to go to my  head because tonight's decision is huge. I've got to decide who I’m going to  take to the end. And if I make the wrong decision tonight, it's bye-bye to  the million dollars.  I think I’m going to head down to the river.  I might go down there and do my hair.  Mike wants me with him.  Don't believe Mike. I’m just telling you.  He told me about Sierra yesterday. Listen, when the -- what did I tell you?  We're going all the way. Best buds.  This is going to be the biggest vote ever. Me and Rodney, we're voting for  mama c. And I think Mike knows or I hope he knows, if you want a million  dollars, you don't bring someone who is nicknamed mama. Because everybody  like mama.  All right. So I wanted to run some stuff by you. Number one, I’m not voting  for you tonight. Okay. I wasn't joking when I said that final three. You know  what I mean? I was hard core blue all the way to the end.  Right.  And Dan turned his back on me. Sierra turned her back on me. Rodney turned  his back on me. So you know what, none of you are sitting in the final three  with me.  Right.  This may be a million dollar mistake, but I have to go with what my gut's  telling me, and my gut's telling me to take you. I would like to see you and  me vote Rodney, and I would like to see will and Rodney vote you. And if that  happens, we go to a fire-making challenge between you and Rodney.  Right.  What I wanted you to do today is I want you to nonchalantly work on making  fire tonight.  So Mike wants today's tribal council to end in a fire challenge. And I’m  like, oh, my god.  This shows the jury you deserve to be here, you have earned your spot.  Right.  I've got all the confidence in you in the world. I know you can do it.  I am freaking out. But I know that both those boys are going to write my name  down, so I don't have any other options today.  All right. Let's get back.  I’m going to be making fire tonight. I mean, it's nerve-racking, but i've got  my game face on now, and I’m going to make it happen.  What's up, brother?  She said you.  Mama c? I’m voting mama c. What do you think? You can do something crazy and  split it or we can make this very simple and enjoy tomorrow and have a nice  breakfast.  I got a lot of thinking to do today. Of course she wants me to write your  name down. So I mean, I’m not at the position right this second to be like, I’m  100% with anything. You know what I’m saying?  Once again, I don't know what Mike is doing yet. I think he's just trying to  get mama c's jury vote. But he already told me he wants to bring me to the  end. He's trying the act like he doesn't want to take me to the end because  he thinks it's going to be easy money.  Everything was set.  So we'll see what happens tonight, but I feel pretty confident that I’m going  to be sitting pretty in the top three.  If Rodney loses tonight, it's poetic justice because Rodney thinks he's  smooth talked his way all the way into the final three. So maybe I am making  a million dollar wrong mistake, but I would rather lose to mama c than be the  guy that just took two goats to the end and won.  Oh, god. This is a huge night. Right now I’m just a little frustrated. I can't  do it. I’m trying. It didn't work. I've been here for two hours.  Hey, hey, do not put your head down. Relax. Get your mind right. Look at me.  You are still in this game. You got this.  I've worked my ass off for 38 days. I can't believe it comes down the to  this, but believe me, tonight there's going to be game face, but right now  it's not looking good. Looking good.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Hali, Joe, Jenn, Shirin, Tyler,  Dan, and Sierra voted out at the last tribal council. All right. First of  all, Mike, congratulations. You are guaranteed to go to the final tribal  council. So the decision that's happening tonight is who is going to join  you? Will, Rodney or Carolyn? Before we get to what's going to happen  tonight, will, take me back to what happened this afternoon. The most arduous  challenge we've had yet in this game, you broke down. What was happening?  It's a game, but you still have to have some sense of pride and say, you know  what, we four we did it. We did that as a family and we love each other. We  just wanted to have that genuine moment saying job well done and let the  games begin.  Jeff: Mike, the crowning moment is when will said, can the three of us put  the idol around Mike, and he paid you a lot of respect.  There was definitely a heartfelt moment there, and regardless of this being a  game, this is a family, it's a disfun shunnal family, Jeff, but it's still a  family.  Jeff: So Rodney, take me through what's happening tonight. Is Mike the center  in all of this?  Not so much because there's four people. But today Mike told me that caroline  wanted to vote my name. I feel like she caught herself in a pickle and now  that's why I’m feeling some type of way right now.  Carolyn, what does Rodney mean you got yourself in the pickle?  There's no jam. There's only three people that can go, and I’m not voting for  myself. So it's either Rodney or will. That's kind of the bottom line.  Jeff: Mike, where do you sit right now?  Let's put it all on the table? Why vote for mama c. They call her mama for a  reason. A lot of the people over there are very close to her. She may get  votes at the end? Why vote Rodney? Well, he played a social game, but around  camp he hasn't pulled his weight, not even a little bit, in my opinion. But  this game is a fickle game, Jeff. And it doesn't matter if you pulled your  weight around camp, if you were best friends with everybody on that jury,  what it boils down to, did you outwit, did you outmy and did you outlast  everybody, because if you do that long enough, you are sitting in the final three.   Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Carolyn, you're up.  I hope my skills take me to the final three tonight.  Got a lot of love for you, mama c. But just remember, this game is cutthroat.  You got to do what you got to do.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. Once the votes are read, the decision is  final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area  immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Rodney. Mama c, Carolyn. Two  votes Carolyn, one vote Rodney. One vote left. Rodney. We have a tie. All  right. Rodney and Carolyn, when we have a tie with four people left, we  square off in a fire-making challenge. One of the most essential elements in  this game. By day 38 you should know how to make fire. [laughter] if you do,  it could be worth $1 million.  Jeff: All right. Here's how it's going to work. You both have the exact same  amount of supplies. Everything you need to build a fire. First person to  build a fire with a flame high enough to burn through the rope and raise the  flag stays in the game. The loser begins the last member of our jury. The  stakes don't get any bigger. Hire -- here we go. This challenge is on. Who  has learned the best method for getting fire the fastest? One approach is to  scrape off magnesium, use that as your igniter. The other approach is to use  the coconut husk and try to spark it directly. Both approaches can work. Carolyn  now trying to spark that coconut husk. The most flammable thing you have is  the husk. Use it wisely. If you run out, it becomes much more difficult.  Could be a million dollar fire you are building. Could be a million dollar  fire you are building.  My flint broke. I got half a flint.  There you go. I got a back-up for you, Rodney, if you need it. 20 minutes  into this challenge, still no fire we -- by either person.  Can I get another one?  Jeff: Yeah. Both with new flint, still no fire, no flame, both of you dead  even. Started off a little erratic. Now both have slowed down.  Jeff, can I get that other one?  Jeff: Yep.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Jeff: 38 days in the jungle with fire your most basic need, but neither Carolyn  nor Rodney able to get even a single flame. If you were alone, you would be  in trouble. Rodney now going back for more magnesium, trying to get some help  trying to ignite that fire. Will it pay off? Rodney has flame. Can he keep it  going? It's first sign of fire in this challenge. Blowing on it, trying to  nurture it. Can't do it.  What?  Jeff: Carolyn back at it, looking for that little burst of flame that you can  turn into a fire and move on to the final three. Rodney with a bit of flame.  Can he keep it going? Rodney now has flame going. But it's going to burn  quickly, that husk will go out very fast, he's got to get something going.  Oh, my god.  Jeff: Carolyn has fire now. Both within seconds of each other have fire. Who  can now make a fire that will last long enough. That husk burns bright but it  burns fast and when it's gone you're in trouble. Got to get something going. Carolyn  starting to build a tepee. Rodney trying to get some timber in there. Rodney  just adding to his pile. Carolyn trying to make something that will last. Rodney's  flame is burning very high. Rodney's flame now on the rope. Will it be  enough? Carolyn's fire is slowly growing, inching its way toward her rope.  After being out here nearly an hour, this is going to come down to seconds. Rodney's  got his fire still going, but it's a bit deceiving because it's all coconut  husk right now. Rodney's got to work quickly to catch Carolyn. She's got a  big fire going and now that rope is starting to burn.  Yes! Yes!  Jeff: There it is. Carolyn will survive, make it to the final three. Rodney  becomes the eighth and final member of our jury.  Aggravated. Aggravated. Oh, man. I used all my coconut husk.  Good try.  Whatever.  Jeff: All right, Rodney. You need to grab your torch. Rodney, the tribe has  spoken.  All right, guys.  Jeff: Well, 38 days of amazing game play brings us to this, a final three of  will, Mike and Carolyn, being consumed by the smoke of your winning fire.  I think it's Rodney's shirt.  Jeff: And we will finish this game as we started, with a representative from  the white collar, from the blue collar and from the no collar. Tomorrow the  power in this game shifts to the jury. Eight people that you had a hand,  either directly or indirectly in voting out, will now decide your fate.  Tomorrow you will get your chance to plead your case about why each one of  you deserves the title of sole Survivor and the million dollars that goes  along with it. We'll see you tomorrow for your final tribal council. Grab  your torches. Head back to camp. Good night.  I wish I had got to the final three. It would have been a breeze. I would  have easily won the game. For this scumbag redneck to make me do a fire  competition. He's a scared little baby, a sillry redneck, haines going to get  what's coming to him.  Jeff: A rare sight on "Survivor," a fire-making tiebreaker at the  final four. Carolyn pulled it out but just barely. Rodney was bloody  knuckled. It was very dramatic. Obviously he was very upset he didn't make it  to the final three, but a few minutes later he began the reflect, and this is  where his head was at, this was about ten minutes after that challenge.  You know, I came into this show as an escape to get away from all the  problems I had back home, and beefs with my family and my sister's death and  a lot of frustrations, so I came out here and I found peace. I put an end to,  you know, the demons of losing my sister and it made me gain my sister back,  and it made me closer to my family enough to take nothing for granted because  food, starvation, the simple things in life are the best things in life.  Jeff: Nice ending for Rodney. If you're curious about what life as a "Survivor"  contestant is like after they're voted out, we continue the story of our jury  members online with our "Survivor" ponderosa series at cbs.com.  Next time I see you, I will have the votes, the conclusion of "Survivor:  White collar, blue collar, no collar."  nice day. We haven't seen that the whole time we've been here.  It's a great feeling to know that finally there's no strategy. There's no  more backstabing. We are done.  Pretty neat.  On the last day. The sacrifice of not seeing your wife and your daughter, you  want to make it worth it.  Love you guys.  Love you guys.  I’m on day 39. I’m in the final three, and I can say, it was worth it. One  thing left, to try to persuade eight people they deserve $1 million. I think  the way I played the game was the only way I could play it. I made the moves  I had to make. Maybe they're not as big as you want, but I had to be true to  myself, and if it worked, it worked. If it didn't, then I’m out. Let the  chips fall where I may. No-collar attitude.  Some champagne, some orange juice.  My god, mimosa. This has been a dream of mine for the last 15 years. I've  played the game from start to finish. I can't even describe how great it  feels right now. To the final three.  Couldn't have better company.  A better group. This was a season of gamers, and with gamers, when plan  "a" crumbles, you have to have plan "b" and plan  "c." with my background in corporate america, being a white collar  employee, you have to have plan "b" and plan "c" at your  fingertips all the time. That's the way I played the game the whole time. Oh,  my god, a good breakfast finally. I’m absolutely nervous about who will vote  for me. I have to conVince them that I deserve it, that I made moves, that I won  challenge, that I played a good game.  Now I literally really did start for from the bottom, and now I’m here. For a  long time in this game, I felt completely alone, with only myself to trust.  Until I dug down into parts of me I didn't know where there. And now I know  that there's no wall that I can come up against that I can't either dig under  it, climb over it or, heck, if I got to, bust through it.  Look at it.  We did this. We built this, each collar brought something to the table. One  of the things I love about being a blue collar is we finish what we start.  That's what blue collars do.  Save the blue for the last ride. I think it's going to be a very close vote.  There's a lot of people who don't like me because I have won so much, so I better  be ready for a battle, because I want the title of sole Survivor and $1  million. Title of sole Survivor and $1 million. Title of sole Survivor and $1  million.  Jeff: We'll now wring in the members of our jury. Hali, Joe, Jenn, Shirin, Tyler,  Dan, Sierra and Rodney, voted out at the last tribal council. Mike, Carolyn,  will, congratulations on making it to the final three. To get to this point,  you not only have to survive the very taxing physical and mental challenges,  you also have to survive getting voted out. Tonight you face your biggest  challenge yet, your jury. This is where the rubber meets the road, because  tonight each jury member will get a chance to address you, and they will  decide who gets the title of sole Survivor and the title of of -- and the  million dollars that goes with it. Let's get started. Joe, you're up.  Hello, guys.  Hey, Joe.  Hello.  Congratulationings.  Thank you, sir.  I have an open vote tonight, but you got to earn it. In my book, I want  gloves all. I don't want no b.s. Whatever front you put on, lose it. Will, if  you don't man up and give these people answers, no, I don't know, I don't  know, man up, own your game.  Absolutely.  Mama c, you were kind of cold. I feel like relationships you might not have  built as strong, you outlasted, so show them how you outplayed and outwit. Mike,  you got five necklaces, that's great, man, hats off to you, but what else did  you do? If either of you don't do any of those things, you will lose my vote.  So bring it. Earn my vote tonight. Earn it. That's all.  Thanks, Joe.  Thank you, Joe.  Thank you, Joe.  Jeff: Hali, you're up.  All right. Well, mama c, I enjoyed playing the game with you. You are one hot  mama, so the question that I have for you is: You have been thrown into the  stereotypical mother role here. I want to hear how that has been a  disadvantage in the game?  I think people see me as a mom and not a player. You guys are 25 years  younger than me, so the mother role does come out because I am a mother at  heart, and you guys were my kids, and I did try and take care of you in that  way, but I hope you see the strategy that I played. I played hard, I fought  hard, I fought in every single challenge, and now I’m sitting here.  Okay. Cool. Thank you.  Jeff: Rodney, you're up.  How's it doing, everybody?  What's up, rod man?  What's up my b.b., my best bro will over here.  All right, brother, how were you real and true to yourself and how did you  keep it real with all the people here in the jury to solidify your position  as sole Survivor?  When I came into this game, I knew I was going to be the underdog. I didn't  have the game knowledge. All I had was what I am as a person. So that's how I  played my game, trying to make friends, trying to get people to like me. You  saw that when I didn't make it in the auction, I shared my snacks with  everybody. I could have hid them. I think I have a relationship with everyone  on the jury, maybe not Shirin, but for the rest. Now, that might not be  everybody's game, and people might not respect that, but that's all I had.  You can't be here in the final three just by luck.  Thanks, will.  Mama c, what were the power moves you did to get to the position where you're  at? Do you feel like you did 'em yourself, because I’m confused on what moves  you did make?  First was Tyler. I love Tyler, but if I were sitting next to Tyler here, I wouldn't  even have a shot at $1 million. So I went with Tyler and Tyler is sitting on  the jury. Dan was the next one. We were the only two that voted for Dan.  Everyone in my alliance voted against me. So that gave me an idea of how  strong really is my alliance, which is when Mike and I hooked up because in  my business world, you have plan "a," you have contingency plan 1,  contingency plan 2, and Mike was back-up plan to get out the final two. So  those are power moves in the game.  Thanks, mama c. And good luck.  Thank you.  Thanks, Rodney.  Jeff: Tyler, you're up.  Guys, Mike, I’m going to start with you, brother. You know, you put almost  everybody here on the jury in one aspect or another. What did you bring in a  redeeming social manner, because what I saw late in the game was a guy who  was paranoid and looking to destroy everything that he was touching?  Really I wanted to do better socially than I did. I mean, I’m... Back home, I  really feel like that I am a social person and that people love me. Out here,  seeing your guys faces, I guess I miserably failed at that. I thought I tried  to make genuine bonds and let you guys see that I am a real person and I guess  the only redeeming thing that I can sit here and say is that I suck. Maybe I’m  not as genuine as i've always thought myself to be.  Fair enough.  Carolyn, we started off on white collar, and for the next 30 days I protected  you from the people coming from you, so I stand before you today as somebody  who is heartbroken. I’m gutted. What can you give me that will redeem  yourself in my eyes?  You were my most difficult vote, no question about it. It pained me to write  your name down. Do I feel good about it? No. Do I feel like I hurt you and I’m  sorry? Absolutely. All I can do is say, "Survivor" makes you do  things to get to this point that you may not be proud of, but if you don't  them, you're sitting on the jury. And I’m sorry.  I get it. It's a game. I’m good, j.p.  Bianca: Thanks, Tyler. Sierra.  Well, white collar, blue collar, and a no collar. Which traits from the other  two players did you wish you possessed in this game, will?  From a blue collar stance, I like Mike's work ethic, let's do it, let's do  it, but I didn't like his approach. You just can't dictate, bash and, hey,  guys, I want to get wood now, I want to get water right now. To me you have  to lead by example. As for mama c, I like how she took time to analyze things  before she put them in motion. If I could take that quality, I would love to  have that one.  Awesome. Thank you, Jeff.  Jeff: Thanks, Sierra. Jenn, you're up.  Congratulation, you guys. I've got no qualms with any of you. I think you're  all lovely people. I’m going to talk to them. Okay. Half of you are the most  bitter people i've ever met in my life and angry at people that played better  than you. You are all so mad at Mike for playing, like everyone freaks out  that he went and tried this strategy, didn't work, tried this strategy,  didn't work. What else was he so to do? You guys were on your group thing  bull crap, you kicked him out of his own house, said try to come in, I dare  you. Mike is the only person that outwitted, outplayed and outlasted. The  other two might have done one of those things. That's not the rules of "Survivor."  if you're a fan, you're going to vote who deserves it. Get over it, prove  that you're a fan. Theend. Congratulations.  Jeff: Dan, you're up.  I have to follow that? Wow. Mike, oh, Mike. Colby donaldson proved that just  because you win immunities doesn't mean you get to win this game.  You're right.  You got to get to the end with the right people and you got to put the right  people on the jury, and, Mike, you didn't care about the jury? All you cared  about was making it to the end. Well, let me tell you, brother, you damn well  better care about us tonight because there's no necklace the save your ass  tonight. Thank you.  Jeff: Thank you, Dan.  Can I say one thing to Dano? My biggest regret in this game is losing your  trust. At the auction going back on my word put a wedge in between us that I was  unable to repair. And I’m truly sorry for that. This goes beyond game play  right now, like I hope that you and I can be friends, but if not, I wanted to  say in front of everybody that I apologize to you publicly for going back on  my word.  Can I go back up there for a second?  Stand back up there.  That is themost genuine thing that you have said to me since the auction. You  have Danced, you have skirted, you have dodged what you did. That finally was  real. And for that, I’m grateful. I’m hoping that we can mend these fences.  Maybe some day if we're big enough, if we're man enough, we can do that?  Agreed.  To all of you, honestly and from the heart, congratulations. Good luck.  Thank you.  Thank you, Dan.  Jeff: All right, Shirin, finish us off.  I was really hoping that Mike and will would actually both be at this final  tribal, because when will came at me, you gave me a once-in-a-lifetime  opportunity to go back to a deep, dark place in my childhood, realize that I still  had an open wound and no longer be the victim that I was as a child, and I stood  up for myself against you, and I stood up for myself against every observer  and I didn't need a protecteddor, but the truly magical thing that happened  was that I did have a protector. I never had a parent to come save me, I never  had a friend to come and do that, and Mike, like a real human being, ran into  camp to save me. , and that was a million dollar moment for me. And what you  don't know about me is I made my first million by the time I was 25 years  old. And at that moment, I felt so much better and meant so much more to me  that Mike, that doesn't mean you have my vote, we're both fans of the game  and you know my vote goes to the person who played the best game, so Carolyn,  you're in it.  Thank you, Shirin.  This is about Mike's game, it's about Carolyn's game, it's about will's game,  and I see a huge parallel between the kind of animals we lived out here with  day the day and each of these players. Mike is like a howler monkey. He's  loud, he comes at you, and if you threaten a howler monkey, he will throw  feces in your face and he will rip you apart limb from limb. Because he voted  every single one of you out except for me. And you have Carolyn. Carolyn's  the stingray. Hidden, doesn't want to make waves. If she senses anything near  her at all that threatens her, she will sting you and she will sting you  dead, and you are out of this game. Unlike Mike, Carolyn was on the winning  side of every vote on this jury, including me, and she's the only person with  that unique distinction. And you got will, will is the dead fish that we  dragged in with our net. We were stoked, we willingly bit into dead fish, but  if you bite into the dead fish, he will poison you from within. Almost every  single one of you wanted to take will to the end. He didn't have the make any  alliances. He's a dead fish. Eyes are glazed over, do what you want with me.  That was his poison. Please look at the game play. Aggressive, stealthy...  Dead fish.  Dead fish. And with that I will quote sue hawk from her final tribal council  speech in the very first season of "Survivor," "when we all go  to vote, let bit the way that mother nature intended."  Jeff: Well, this has been the most unique tribal council, fittingly for our  30th season. And the question is: Who is going to win this game? You have all  the information you need. The only thing left to do is vote. I’m going to  give you a minute, and then we will vote.  Jeff: All right. There is only one thing left to do this season, and this is  vote for a winner. Jury, you are voting for either Mike or Carolyn or will.  You're voting for someone that you think is most deserving of the title of  sole Survivor and the $1 million that goes along with it. It is time to vote.  Hali, you're up. Hali, you're up.  You did nothing, Carolyn did nothing. Mike 150,000% deserves this money.  I kept it real in this game. You kept it real in this game. And I hope  everybody realizes how good of a person you russia brother. Love you to the  death of you.  I genuinely believe you played the best game in its entirety. That's why my  million dollar vote goes to mama c. That's why my million dollar vote goes to  mama c. That's why my million dollar vote goes to mama c.  Jeff: I'll go get the votes. I'll see you back in the u.s. For the reading of  the votes. [cheering and applause] all right. [cheering and applause] all  right. Have a seat. All right. Well, look, there is no such thing as an easy  season of "Survivor." there is no easy path to the end. Whatever  the three of you did to get there, you earned it. But now it is the moment of  truth. Who did the jury decide is most deserving of the title of sole Survivor  and the million dollars that goes along with it? I’m going the read the  votes. [cheering and applause] first vote, Mike. [applause] will. [cheering  and applause] one vote Mike. One vote will. Carolyn. [cheering and applause]  one vote Mike, one vote will, one vote Carolyn. Mike. [cheering and applause]  two votes Mike, one vote Carolyn, one vote will. Mike. [cheering and  applause] three votes Mike, one vote Carolyn, one vote will. The winner of  "Survivor," Mike. [cheering and applause]  good job, buddy.  Oh, my god. You did it. You did it.  We did it.  Jeff: Well, it was class warfare, and Mike, a blue collar pulled it out by  doing just what you think a blue collar would do, digging in and getting  dirty. It earned him $1 million. Mike, here's your check. Happy, happy, it's  $1 million. We'll talk about his game play, his big auction move. Joe, one of  the most popular players of the season is here, plus Dan, will and Rodney,  very controversial, we're going to talk about all those comments they made  about women on the show. Everything you want and more, including the  second-chance cast reveal, the players chosen by you, first time we've ever  done it. If you are keeping score, he's not eligible. He was top ten.  Somebody just moved up into a top-ten spot. Very big night. We'll be right  back.