<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor," 18 new castaways were divided into  three tribes, white collar, blue collar and no collar. Welcome to "Survivor:  Worlds apart." [cheering and applause] at the no-collar tribe, it was  all about harmony and open arms.  I’m completely deaf.  Wow.  Jeff: But Joe's popularity began to rub them the wrong way.  I don't think so.  Watching Joe bulldoze projects and want to do it only his way raised a huge  red flag.  Jeff: For the blue-collar tribe, it was all about hard work inch one  sentence, blue corer kicked butt.  Jeff: They made fire and even found food.  Did you eat a scorpion?  .  Jeff: The only thing that didn't work is Dan's personality.  I am a fat guy. That will split the bamboo and drop.  He doesn't belong.  Jeff: The white-collar tribe was all business.  <br/>I’m a business directors.  Jeff: But a bunch of bosses without employees just didn't work.  Nobody knows how to make fire. Why would we? We'd hire a blue comer to make  us a fire.  Jeff: At the immunity collar, the white collars struggles continued. Blue  collar wins immunity and reward, sending white collar to tribal council. At  first tribal council, Joaquin's ally so was the first person voted out. So,  the tribe has spoken. Well, there's no doubt you guys are players. The big  question is: Are you good players? Did you make the right move tonight? Time  will tell. 17 are left. 17 are left. Who will be voted out tonight. Who will  be voted out tonight.  I don't know what the hell you're doing, but you better come get some of this  crab.  So I’m in the water. I got my underpants around one leg trying to do my  business. I got hit by wave. Both my hands had to use to catch myself from  going face first.  You're in a banana hammock.  You lost your underwear?  Yep. [laughter]  Dan lost his underwear and made this makeshift shirt-pant where he's got his  belt wrapped around his waist with a shirt folded in such a way where he  doesn't show his rear or his junk.  It slid off your leg, really?  Not slipped. It got pulled.  Does that mean you don't have a shirt?  Not for my back I don't.  You're going to get fried.  Would you rather me quit?  No, but i'd rather you cut your jeans.  I can't raw dog in jeans. It will tear me apart.  Socially I think Dan's game is downright dumb. I think what happened was Dan  was plotting how he could become fun yes or entertaining because he's  starting to like lose the novelty of being annoying and like the fat guy or  whatever. So he decided that he would be the guy to lose his manties. I think  it was Dan's next ploy. The thing is, the joke's on him because I want you to  leave me alone long enough to get the tribal council so I can see your tribal  council so I can see your sweet ass go home. Sweet ass go home.  Got it.  Keep going, keep going, guys.  Now you got it. Watch your face.  You're on fire. You're on fire. You're on fire.  Okayen we've got fire.  Day four we just got fire. And barely at that. We have struggled around camp  to get the basic necessities to sustain life. And the fact that we don't work  with our hands sets us apart from blue collar. I wouldn't be surprised if the  blue collar tribe has been making fires, hooting and hollering and causing  havoc, but the one thing that we haven't struggled for is that we have a  beautiful beach right out there that we can go swimming in.  Do you mind? Thanks. As fan, student and teacher of this game, I feel like  it's only right for me to tip my cap to some of the greats who have come  before me.  The new and improved richard hatch.  Hatch 2.0.  What are your plans for the rest of the day in  not look at that. I’m going to stay focused on the fire.  Max is an interesting character. He's got a little no-collar streak in him,  just kind of does whatever he wants, will strip dunn and walk out and cruise  around. He brings a little bit of levity, but I don't know how much of it is  a show and how much of it is trying to distract us from how smart and how  well he knows this game.  I absolutely have in qualms with dropping trou and being in my birthday suit.  It's freeing. It's comfortable. It gets you out of your wet "Survivor"  garb for a little while. It's also a great way to get some time alone  because, surprisingly enough, when you tell people you're going for a swim  and they know that you're going to be naked there, it's pretty good odds  you're going to be taken that swim alone, so I’m using it a little  strategically in order to get a little alone time, a little private time away  from the fray. Time for me to think.  I just saw his bare ass.  Max loves this game like I love this game, and it's an adventure for him. It  makes me love him and relate to him more. He's kind of a trendsetter. It's  actually super convenient to be naked a lot of the time.  What, it surprises you?  Dishwashing?  Max walks around naked all the time. Tileer is married and his wife, oh,, no  I can't even look that way.  Are you filling the bean pot?  I’m just filling that with water and just washing it.  Should I not keep washing it?  Yeah.  He's going to bring that.  I mean, the main pot takes forever to clean.  I have too much pride to do that.  At least somebody has pride  at least somebody has pride on this tribe. On this tribe.  Hey, Nina, you have a bad blister on your ankle. You have a blister on your  ankle. A blister on your ankle.  I've been trying to get to know Nina better and reach out to her because  she's a nice woman, and with her disability, she's incredible being out here.  Unfortunately because she's deaf, it's really hard having a conversation with  her. I like your sports bra. Bring it.  We can catch some rainwater.  Did you see? Is the crab still in there? Did you see? Is there a crab still  in there?  Yep.  I don't know how people hold conversations with her?  A no-collared person is a kind, heart-centered compassionate human being, but  there's a lot of snarky remarks coming from the girls. Nina really wants to  be part of the tribe. She wants to be there and have conversations and share  in things, however, it's really difficult for her, and I think the girls are  having hard time just going with it.  I want to take a skinny dip. I want the take a skinny dip. I’m so over this.  Let's go.  Ever since I lost my hearing, people have been pushing me aside because they  don't know how to deal with it. I was hoping that out here it might be  different. The girls in the tribe, they have excluded me on everything. Since  day one. And the straw that broke the camel's back is they went swimming.  They didn't ask me to go. They never asked me to do anything with them. I mean,  I knew coming out here was going to be hard, but I thought that the people on  my tribe would at least try to make me feel like I belong.  That was really nice of you guys to invite me. You never asked me to go.  We were talking about skinny dipping at the tribe.  You know what, you guys have ignored me since day one.  It's in the like you're jumping into the conversation either.  Maybe you can try a little harder.  We asked you to go swimming earlier and you said no.  You know what, Hali, don't touch me.  I really didn't think you'd be interested in. I’m on this amazing high, going  skinny dipping with my friends. Get become and Nina is crying and angry and  calling us mean girls for not including her. I was like, are you serious? We  made a grown woman cry.  We made a grown woman cry.  Usually like a mom doesn't want to go skinny dipping. She wanted to be a  girl.  Like get it together, Nina. You're crying on day four. I guess she's used to  people coddling her a little more, but you don't do that in this game. You  have to have thicker skin than, that you know. So I guess Nina is someone  we'll have to baby a little bit until we don't have to anymore.  They have absolutely no human compassion at all.  They're young, young.  I know.  They're not mature.  Nina is a sweet person, but you can see in her face she's just lost. What can  I do to help you?  You're already doing everything right.  I’m very sympathetic to her problems. So I just hope she can keep it  together. But at this point I’m pretty sure she's already put a target sure  she's already put a target on her back. On her back.  I’m going to get water. We all need to get up and do something.  Where I grew up, it's all about working hard. That's what I keep doing the  whole game. Mike keeps busting my balls in camp. He's the kind of guy who  needs to be doing something because he can't relax.  What do you want to do, guys? Go.  At the end of the day, we're working hard. We need to play hard, too. We have  to have some fun out here.  Oh!  Oh.  Nice.  Can you pour it in?  After she takes a shot. I don't want to get in the way.  Coming from a background where I pretty much had to work hard for everything  my whole life, it's in my nature to be a hard worker, so it is very  frustrating to me being a true blue collar and then looking around and other  people just.  Oh.  Oh, baby.  Yeah, I want to play basketball with everybody, but there's stuff to be done  out here to where we have to survive. You shouldn't have to tell an adult,  hey, there's stuff to be done. Get it done. I'll go get wood. We have to just  keep getting it.  What's up with that?  Keep going.  Mike's just pushing people's buttons. We already have five-foot pile of  firewood sitting right there. So why are you so mad? I may not bring back the  most firewood, but guess what? I don't start nothing with nobody. You start  one fight with somebody and you're 100% target on your back.  We didn't get any blue crab.  I heard.  But the good news is we have a lot of other crabs.  Oh, my god.  That's awesome.  Do you want to help out?  Sure. What's going on?  It's just annoying to be around people, if I’m doing any work, no matter what  it is, it's not getting noticed because they're putting it all on Joe. Joe's  doing all this. Joe's doing all this stuff. I probably work harder than  anybody on the no-collar tribe, but around camp, it's all about Joe. He's got  that young man bravado and wants the prove himself. I completely understand  that. I was young once, too. I’m 32 now. An I feel like my hormones have  chilled out to a point where I can let a lot of that stuff fly, but Joe is  kind of that center of attention kind of guy, and it's pissing me off. I need  to have acknowledgement and verification if I’m doing something and I try to  give you a suggest or whatever else, it doesn't go over often very well.  It usually does. I feel like we're good, man.  Okay. I know that you get excited and you want to do stuff, but like building  the shelter, I felt like a lot of ego. Like you wanted it done your way.  For me, it's more that I feel like the things I do are just more efficient.  It's the right way for me, and that's the thing.  Ever since we got here, Joe and Vince are just fighting for power. They're  both trying to be the alpha dog, and it's getting to where it's making  everybody uncomfortable.  I just need you to acknowledge that your steam roll projects.  I mean, the shelter thing, I was like, yeah...  No, no, I’m...  Of course there have been times i've gone against what you thought. Vince  pulled me aside and said, look, I need you to admit that you do this and this  and this and this. I didn't know what to say, to be honest. I think he's got  a lot of issues that he needs to deal with himself. I think he wants to be  the provider and he wants to be the guy who is calling the shots, because  that's his personality, but he's a loose cannon, and I don't like it.  Are we actually moving forward past the bull?  Yeah. We are. No, seriously.  I want it to work. I really want it to work.  Yes, yes.  Joe said all the right things, and I want to believe him, but here's the  thing: In my everyday life, I’m surrounded by people who I can have a  comfortable, loving embrace with him, ten seconds of beauty, bliss, peace,  but with Joe, I just don't feel that. I just don't. I don't trust those  three.  I don't trust them at all.  I’m with you. Totally. They pre-judged me just because of this. That's not  right. So my loyalty is with you.  So are you and Vince legitimately on better terms?  I don't think he trusts me. Like his eyes just penetrate you. They look past  you and into your soul to see if you're lying. That's how I feel whenever  he's talking to me. I’m like, dude, stop.  Vince cares me a little bit with his crazy, in-your-face bull. There's no doubt  in my mind he's going to do something just off the walnuts that will screw up  everything for this tribe.  I think he's intuitive. I think he's a lot smarter than I give him credit for  actually.  I just feel like Vince is Dangerous. The guy's on another planet, and I feel  like he's just a little I feel like he's just a little too no collar for his  own good. Too no collar for his own good.  Jeff: Blue collar, no collar getting your first look at the new white-collar  tribe. So voted out at the first tribal council. All right you guys ready to  get to today's immunity challenge?  Yes, sir.  Jeff: First things first. I'll come get the idols.  You got to take it from me, Jeff.  Jeff: Wow. Really? Dan not even budging. Thank you. Once again immunity is  back up for grabs. For today's challenge, one at a time you're going to dive  into the water and swim to a platform where you will find buoys attached to a  rope. You'll maneuver the buoy through a series of obstacles, then swim to  the finish platform. Then the next person goes. Once you've collected all  five buoys, you will attempt to toss them enter a basket. The first two  tribes to get all five buoys in their basket win immunity and reward. Want to  know what you're playing for?  Yeah.  Jeff: In addition to being safe from tribal council...  Yes!  Jeff: First team to finish, a massive fishing reward. Everything you need to  catch fish is right here. Second tribe to finish, not quite so big, but still  effective -- lines, lures and a spear. Definitely will change the way you are  living. Okay. Blue collar, no collar, you each have one extra person. Sit  somebody out. Who is it going to be?  I want to do it.  All right.  Jeff: Really? Kelly?  I’m going to surprise you for a fat guy. Don't worry about that.  Jeff: Kelly going to sit out for the blue collar tribe. Nina going to sit out  for the no collar tribe. Give you a minute to strategize and we'll get  started. Here we go. For reward and immunity, Survivors ready? Go! It is Vince  for the no collars. It is Dan for the blue collars. And Tyler for the white  collars. Dan said you're going to underestimate me and I’m going to show you.  Let's see how he does.  Let's go, Dan.  Jeff: Vince working his way up. Dan working his way up. Tyler working up. It  is Vince in the water first. Then Dan for the blue collars. Nice job. Tyler  now in the water for white white collar. Vince approaching the second  obstacle. Here comes Dan and Tyler. Five buoys in total. Very difficult.  Looks so simple, but you're going up and under and maneuvering that buoy. Vince  doing a nice job for no collar. Extending his lead. Dan in second place for  the blue collars. Tyler in third for the white collars. Got to get up and out  of the water.  Come on, Vince.  Jeff: Dan's getting stuck at the end now.  Go, Dan! Dan now catching Vince. Vince is having trouble.  Go, blue collars!  Jeff: Vince now out of the water. He lost a lot of time. Tyler's back. Nice  job from Dan catching Vince at the end. They are still very even. Blue collar  in the lead. There's no collar right behind. Kel working hard for the  white-collar tribe. Carolyn now has it for the white collar. Hali ripping  through this now. Sierra remaining very calm for the blue collar. Carolyn  trying to pick up some time. No collars back in the lead again. Here comes Sierra  for blue collar. Hali's up. Go, no collar!  Dan, help her out!  Jeff: Give Sierra a hand.  Go, blue collar.  Jeff: Still white collar. Jenn flying through this course, extending the lead  for no collar. Mike has made up a lot of time for blue collar. He's in the  water now. Max trying to pick it up for white collar. It is now Jenn and Mike,  no collar and blue collar, just like the first challenge. There's Max in the  water for white collar with their third back to you I can.  Come on, baby. You got it. Mike!  Jeff: Jenn coming back with a third buoy for no collar. Jenn is back. Vince  give her a hand. Get the post, Jenn. Hit it. Hit it, Mike. Go, blue collar. Lindsey  in the collar for blue collar. Keep it moving, Max. Let's go. Go, white  collar. It is Shirin now in the water for white collar. It is will heading  over for no collar. Lindsey now in the water for blue collar. Shirin needs to  make up some time for white collar. Blue collar and no collar have been neck  and neck. Shirin in the water for the white collars. Can she make up some  time right here?  Come on, Shirin! Push it.  Jeff: Slowing down on the second obstacle. Lindsey has now taken over first  place for blue collar. Shirin is now picking up time. Shirin is gaining on  will. Lindsey has the fourth. Hit it. Go, blue collar! Rodney in the water.  Will still stuck in the water. Shirin is now ahead of will.  Other way, will, other way.  Come on, will.  Jeff: Will is all tangled up for no collar. White collar now in second place.  Go, white collar! Joaquin in the water for fifth and final buoy. Rodney in  the water for blue collar. He is moving. Joaquin is moving for white collar.  Look at that. It is Rodney and Joaquin now. Will is having an absolute  disaster.  It's all right. We can catch up. Anything can happen. Will finally has his  buoy free. Joaquin now has overtaken Rodney. White collar is going to be the  first to finish coming from dead last.  Hit it, hit it!  Jeff: Go, no collar! Joe is finally in the water. Joaquin is back. Start  untying your rope. Rodney now coming back. Look at Joe. He's flying through  this course, trying to make up time. Joaquin is already shooting. Joaquin  scores for white collar. Rodney now back for blue collar. Joe is through the  obstacle. Sierra now shooting for blue collar.  Go, go.  Jeff: Joe is last getting off the block, but he's not giving up. No collar is  still in this. White collar scores. White collar has two. No collar just  getting ready to shoot. Joe is back. Let's go, no collar. You're still in it.  Blue collar scores. It's 1-2. Joe is shooting for no collar. Joaquin for  white collar. White collar scores again. It's 3 for white collar. White  collar is on fire.  You got this. Come on. Go!  Jeff: Joaquin with four for the white collar. Sierra with no. No collar still  has zero. Joaquin could win it right here. Oh, in and out. Sierra, that's  three for blue collar. No collar simply cannot get a buoy in the basket.  White collar from dead last. Joaquin wins it for the white collar tribe.  We're looking for one more. It is now blue collar and no collar. Four nor  blue collar. No collar starting to panic now. No collar can't get anything  going. Sierra can win it right here. She does! Blue collar wins immunity and  reward sending no collar to tribal council. White collar, congratulations.  Thank you.  Jeff: Blue collar, no tribal for you again tonight. This time you'll get it.  Blue collar and white collar, enjoy the night off. Enjoy the fishing gear.  Head back to camp. No collar, I know it wasn't in your plan, but a date with  me tonight at tribal council where somebody will be the second person voted  out of this game. Head back to camp. We'll see you tonight at tribal.  Tonight somebody's going to go home, and where Joe and I stand as of right  now, it really is cold war with missiles pointed. I mean, we're ready to  start firing away. Firing away. And it's going to get crazy. And it's going  to get crazy.  I just can't believe we lost.  I know.  We didn't get any balls in.  It's not you, man.  That was a complete, like, group effort or failure, whatever you want to call  it.  So the challenge blew up major, and now we're going to tribal. And this is  going to be really interesting because this is the point where we have to  make a decision, and being the no-collar tribe, that's really not one of our  strengths.  You not in a good place?  I’m exhausted.  I think he's tired.  He was up almost all night.  Yeah, but i've only slept a couple hours.  Maybe it's his asthma.  We're all feeling the lack of sleep and nutrition, but will's exhaustion  showed itself in this challenge. That worries me. This is an opportunity to  blindside a power player, which is Joe. There's one chance to take Joe out.  However, if we do that, I’m not sure if we could win challenges.  Well, I know will's not feeling good, but if we change our game plan, then  all three of us are going to be gone. Me, Vince and will have to say true to  each other, otherwise we're all going home, and I could get voted out first  because after my blow-up, I know they want me out. So I’m very nervous.  We might be able to win some challenges. It depends on if will can come back  around.  Let me talk to him and see huh he's feeling.  What are your thoughts on how this is going to go?  What do you want to have happen tonight?  I don't know.  Get Vince out of this game. I don't trust him as far as I can throw him.  I really would like the vote Vince off, but I’m a little nervous about Nina.  If I was her, I would be looking.  So is she going to be first?  Early enough, we should probably keep the team strong and vote her off. At  this point it sucks, but Nina is the weakest link. She's 54 years old and her  hearing also doesn't help. She's on the bottom. You know, she knows it. So  she's probably looking for the idol. So we got to be careful.  What if we do this, what if we split.  We're going to do the split.  You two girls vote Vince.  And you vote for Nina. If she doesn't play it, then when we revote on the  tie, she goes.  I've aligned myself with the girls and will as a four. I’m hoping he's being  honest with me. I have my doubts just because of how much time he's been  spending with Nina. But you have to trust people in this game, so hopefully  we'll on board with me because if he's not, he's going to muddle up a lot of  plans.  Joe wants me him and the girls to vote Nina out, and I don't want to do that.  We have a lot in common. She thinks she's odd man out because she can't hear,  and I know how she's feeling because I’m the only brother in the whole game.  But the thing is, since we know they're going to split the vote, if me, Vince  and Nina vote out one of them three, we control the tribe.  Check this out. They're trying to split the vote. And if it's me, you and Nina,  we can either get Joe out or we can get one of the girls.  Will told me that those three are going to split the vote, which is huge,  because this is the perfect time to make a big move. In my heart and my gut,  I want the get rid of Joe. He's a huge threat, huge threat. However, Joe is  so strong in challenges, I feel like that asset value is tremendous, and I don't  know if I’m willing to let go of that.  You want Joe gone, right?  The thing is this: I don't trust Jenn at all.  Yeah.  At all. Zero.  She definitely wants you gone, i'll tell you that.  She's mean to Nina. Get her out of here. And also if we get Jenn out...  We still control the vote.  Exactly. And we still have a power player who will not want to go home.  Right. So we can win challenges. But if I get blindsided.  You're not going to get blindsided. That's what I’m trying to tell you. You  got to trust me. We got the votes. We have the votes.  I just talked to Vince. He wants Nina gone. So me you and Nina vote.  Seriously?  But will... I just have a feeling...  Not about that. I have a feeling about your health.  I’m fine.  You're fine?  Are you changing your vote?  Vince is concerned that your health is getting in the way of winning  challenges.  I kicked ass in the first challenge. He didn't do good in two challenges.  Apparently Vince has been going around telling people I’m not performing well  because of today in the challenge. If me didn't tangle up in the back to buoy  didn't cost us the challenge. It pissed me off.  If he's trying the blind side you.  He's not trying the blind side you.  I don't know.  If he wants me gone, that's a whole different ballgame. At this point there  is so much scheming and ca niefg going on. Those three are tight, so I’m  pretty sure Joe came to me because they need my vote, but at the same time, I  don't know if I can trust Vince.  I’m terrified but I’m excited at the same time.  I’m the swing vote and I get to decide who goes, so god knows what's going to  happen. But I know one thing, this one's but I know one thing, this one's  going to be a doozy. Going to be a doozy.  Jeff: Behind each of you is a torch. Go ahead and grab a torch. Dip it in and  get fire. It's part of the ritual of tribal council because in this game fire  represents your life. When your fire is gone, so are you. All right, no  collars. Let's talk about the group dynamic. Nina, where are you seeing the  division, people pairing up or people not getting along in  well, in the beginning, I saw Hali and Jenn together a lot, and then I saw Joe  join that twosome, and will and I kind of hung out because we have a lot in  common, but it's really tough being the older person, you know, the young  people, they didn't include me in a lot of conversations and stuff.  Jeff: But that is part of the game. The social interaction of people from all  different kinds of walks of life.  Well, it's difficult for me because I can't always hear the conversation,  what's going on, and I don't want to be that annoying person that says, what?  What was that? Huh? So I did have kind of an emotional breakdown from the  fact that I felt so alone.  Jeff: Jenn, on one hand you could argue, guys, we got to help Nina out. She  can't hear the same way we can, so we have to make an effort. On the other  hand, you can say, everybody has something. Where do you fall on that?  You know, I have never been around someone who doesn't have that great of  hearing before, so I have compassion, however, this is a game, and I think  people just, you know, kind of deal with it.  Jeff: So, Vince, if there is a tight three based on age and common interest  and a tight two on the same thing, where are you?  I guess in the middle. I like cohesion. That's the truest nature of myself. I’m  trying to be the glue, the cohesive bond to keep it all together.  Jeff: Joe, if Vince is in the middle, that's a really interesting situation,  because if Vince feels this three is too tight for me and I don't want to be  number four, he goes with Nina and will and now we have a true showdown for  the power in this tribe.  Oh, yeah, absolutely. We've been feeling each other out, and I think he's  probably going to land right where he needs to. I think tonight the person  who needs to go home will go home.  Jeff: Jenn, is it a safe assumption to think that you, Joe and haley are  together based on what i've heard?  Of course, it would be dumb to be like, oh, no, they just talk sometimes. No  one playing this game is stupid. I don't think. But our main thing is we need  to keep the numbers up. You know, we can't keep losing and losing and losing,  and obviously some people don't do as well in challenges as other people do,  and that's a huge concern right now because we need to keep our tribe strong.   Jeff: Will, Jenn says there are some people that aren't strong in challenges.  You had to feel the hair on the back of your neck go up a little bit based on  today.  Oh, yeah, water's always been the black man's kryptonite. It got me today. I was  there at the end of that buoy and I got caught up.  Jeff: Was there any time today where you thought, man, I got to get Nina and  I got to get to Vince and say, listen, we need our own three.  We talked about it. They got three. We got three, get a split, see what  happens. But you don't know who you can trust in this game. You have to trust  somebody, but if you trust the wrong person, the flame's gone.  Jeff: Vince, it's one thing to watch from home. It's another thing to be out  here in the middle with a vote coming and you don't know if it's you.  It very well could be.  Jeff: How do you handle all the layers of thinking that have to be happening  to stay in this game at all times?  Jeff, i've been trying so very hard to go more so with my gut than my head. I  feel like i've been able to have some conversations with a few people that if  I was unsure about them before, I feel like I’m quite solid now.  Jeff: Jenn, what would you like the see happen tonight?  I would like to see the original plan that we set forth go into motion. I would  love to see that happen, but I mean, I could be on the chopping block  tonight. I don't know. The worst thing you can be in this game is  comfortable.  Jeff: So you bring up something. Even though the three of you are tight and  seem to have a grasp on what might happen tonight, you're right, it could be  you.  It could, but it's fun being here. It's tribal council. I've been watching  this since I was eight. I still feel like I’m watching you on television  right now. I can't believe I’m here. I’m losing my mind. You have no idea.  Jeff: Will, if you get your way, what's going to happen tonight?  If I get my way what's going to happen tonight is I’m going to go back to the  tribe, drink some lukewarm water and let some bugs eat up more of this  chocolate and see less of you. I don't want the see you until the end.  Jeff: All right. Well, it sounds like this is going to be a very big vote  very early in the game. It is time to vote. It is time to vote. Nina, you're  up. Nina, you're up.  This is nothing personal. This is strictly strategic.  Nina, you're just not the  Nina, you're just not the strongest player on the tribe. Strongest player on  the tribe.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Jenn. Vince.  Nina. Jenn. That's two votes Jenn, one vote Vince, one vote Nina. Vince.  That's two votes Vince, two votes Jenn, one vote Nina. One vote left. Second  person voted out of white collar versus blue collar versus no collar, Vince.  You need to bring me your torch. Vince, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to  go.  Good play.  Jeff: Well, first vote, first blind side. Not bad. This game is only just  getting started. Grab your torches and head back to camp. To camp. Good  night. Good night. Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor"...  You want to go surf?  Jeff: One tribe's paradise...  Hali and I have been looking at these waves. Why not have some fun.  Jeff: Is another tribe's nightmare.  Every time we need firewood, i've been there. Every time!  These are some players. They're players. They made a good move because I was  going the take them all out, but this is seriously one of the greatest  experiences i've ever had. I enjoy experiencing every element of myself,  aspects that are unexpressed and unexplored. Are unexpressed and unexplored.  And this looks fantastic.