<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor," Carolyn found the immunity idol.  Yeah. Oh, my god.  Jeff: While her white-collar tribe was embracing a with it of the no-collar  way of life.  I don't me why our camp has suddenly become the naked camp. What's going on  around here?  Jeff: For the blue-collar tribe, hard work is taking its toll.  We all need to get up and do something.  There's stuff to be done out here where we have to survive.  Jeff: At the last immunity challenge -- will is an absolute disaster -- will  fell apart. No collar goes to tribal council. With the no-collar tribe facing  their first tribal council, Nina was struggling to fit in.  Don't touch me. I thought the people on my tribe would make me feel like I long.   Jeff: While Vince wanted to recruit will.  If we get Jenn out...  Jeff: But will promised to go with the younger alliance to take out Nina.  Hopefully will's on board with me because if he's not, he's going to muddle up  a lot of plans.  Jeff: But at tribal council, will decided to go with his own agenda. All  sorry, brother, but you got to go.  Jeff: Taking out Vince. Vince, you need to bring me your torch.  Leaving Nina on the bottom all alone.  Jeff: Vince, the tribe has spoken. 16 are left. Who will be voted out  tonight?  I think Vince spun a lot of webs with all of us. I wanted to stick with the  split-vote plan, but will ended up voting for Vince instead, and frankly, I don't  trust him maybe as much as I did, and it just made me a little nervous. It's  fine. It's fine. I guess it worked out.  It was to the point where I didn't know who to trust. To me what happened in  tribal council, you have to think ahead. I didn't trust Vince, so I just  prolonged my chances in this game. That's what it's all about. I’m playing  chess, not checkers.  I know I’m the next one out. I don't care what you say. I know that's what  you're going to do, so can you make it so I don't feel like an outsider  before you get rid of me? I thought we were going to blindside Jenn tonight,  but will bailed. I went into tribal thinking we were going to be a solid  three. I left tribal back to being an outsider. You don't have to whisper  behind me back. You can stand over there and I can be here and can't hear  you.  Nina.  The only thing I can do is win challenges to stay in the game.  I know you're going to vote me out next. I know that.  Why do you think you're gone?  Because you're not going to vote each other out.  Did you think Vince was going tonight?  No.  Exactly. Crazy things can happen. Don't quit before it's over.  Nina immediately pulls a Nina and starts crying and gets all upset and then  brings in her hearing thing again, too. I’m like, Nina, all you do is talk  about your hearing. I get it. You're deaf. We all understand. Stop using it  as an an excuse. [howling]  monkey teaches white collar how the live in the wild. Big papa, big mama  howler monkeys just got it on.  What?  I just so monkey sex.  Really?  Start to finish.  Shirin is crazy. She's like, guys, guys, there's monkeys, and private parts. I’m  like, what?  That's what it likes when a woman wants a baby.  I just don't even know where to go with that.  A lot of howling from the men for a while. I don't know how you work in  corporate america.  No snuggling afterwards, nothing. That's what I just witnessed.  Shirin just spent most of the morning talking about howler monkies. She's  about as annoying and loud as a howler monkey in our camp.  That happens again three or five more times.  She has a vibe that's weird and doesn't fit in. She's definitely trying to  fit in and it shows.  The reality is it's actually painting a black x on her back.  Oh, my god. This tastes like water. That's the best batch of water we've ever  made.  Got to get some food. I'd like a nice fish.  I'd rather have comfort all day long.  I'd like a blanket.  Really?  I've gotten like five hours of sleep since we got here.  Every night.  Every night in? No way!  Haters because we tell the truth.  Just because you don't like the facts doesn't change the facts.  Go to bed, Dan.  I think my best characteristic may be my worst characteristic, which is my  mouth. I have a very hard time keeping my mouth shut, but I definitely feel  that I’m not as bad off as I was, and I can learn from my mistakes. Sometimes  it takes an anvil to be dropped on my head, but I can learn.  Nobody asked you.  Yeah, your mother's a [bleeped] too.  Whoa, whoa.  Never mention a mother, brother.  Me and Dan were joking around. I forget what I said to him, but he came back  with your mother's a [bleeped]. Dan is trying very hard to make us laugh. He  has to chime in on all the jokes, but the fact is, Dan, you're not funny,  bro. You don't talk about my mother. You don't disrespect my family. Back  home if someone ever called my mother a [bleeped], then I’m going to jump  down your throat. You're lucky you're on "Survivor."  all right, all right. You're so serious. I did not think blue-collar people  were emotional. Hanging with these guys, they're emotional.  Dude, watch your mouth.  Watch your mouth.  I’m sitting back, watching, analyzing and knowing when to interject. It's  like sometimes if there's a bar fight, we don't rush there because by the  time we get there, they duke it out and they're calm and they've settled  down. We get there, oh, you know, you guys worked it out? Yeah. But Rodney  can be a drama queen.  Dan's picturing he's one of my boys from back home. He's digging himself a  bigger and bigger hole. We'll see where it ends up in the end. He crossed the  line big time with that.  Looks gorgeous out.  Really in  yeah.  Want the go surfing?  Yeah. I think that would be nice.  Haley and I have been looking at these waves since we got here. Looking at  these perfect little battles, it's killing us. So way, why not have fun with  it. It's drift wood. It's rounded on the bottom, flat on the top. That's  perfect.  Body surfing is such a good idea. Surfing is probably my number-three passion  in life. So when she pulled that out, I was like, yeah, girl, I’m right with  you.  This is exactly what no collars do. I guarantee you the other tribes don't  even think about doing stuff like this, but no collars love to have fun.  Nothing is too serious out here. I don't know why everyone takes this game so  seriously. [laughter]  what did you think?  It tastes good. With Vince gone, I feel like a little of the paranoia has  left the tribe.  Did you get him?  Yeah. Edible. It's a beautiful day. The waves are crashing. Everything is  golden. I think we're good. I just want to keep continuing to provide for the  tribe. I found us an afternoon snack.  Another lizard.  Keeping everyone's state of mind in a good frame of reference and bring that  team camaraderie up, up, up. So you good today after last night? Happy to be  here?  Happy to be here.  Don't feel like you're not wanted because I feel like you feel like you're on  the out, but that's not the case.  Okay.  Nina, I love her, but I think she just felt like she was alone again, so I’m  going to try to become a little better friends with her. Just keep playing,  okay? My mom was an interpreter for the deaf. She taught me and my three  sisters sign language, so i've been around the deaf community a lot in my  life. It's definitely one of those things you keep in your pocket.  It's really tough.  It is tough. I’m not used to... No one's used to this. I want you to play.  Like I want you to enjoy it and have fun with us.  Joe and I had a nice conversation. He really wanted to tell me to have a  little bit more fun.  Just keep playing, okay?  Before I lost my hearing, I was in sales. I've been white collar before, but I’m  not now.  All right. Let's go back.  Once I lost my hearing, a traditional job was not important to me, so I really  am a no-collar person, but these people are a little bit more free spirited  than me.  Are you going to try the lizard, Nina? One little taste for me. Do it.  So I’m finding out that I do have limitations.  Help yourself.  I got to change or I’m going to end up going home.  It's pretty goodment I’m telling you, man. It doesn't taste like lizard. It  tastes like chicken.  Come on, Nina. Do it for "Survivor."  I’m looking for the idol. I’m looking for something that's out of place.  It's got to be down here.  The whole tribe is out looking for the immunity idol. So I’m watching the  fire, relaxing, kind of enjoying it because I already have the hidden  immunity idol so I don't really have to search. Fun.  We have to win the next challenge.  What's that?  What if we say we all make a truce to not look for it until we win the next  challenge and have another clue.  Seeing you're the one who is looking more than anyone.  I haven't trusted you since day one. If you're tired of looking for it, go  take a seat.  You didn't trust me since day one?  Yeah.  Why?  Because you've been a paranoid, panicking woman since day one when you didn't  have to be.  I don't remember that. What did I say? What did you say?  Shirin is like a blood-sucking leech that just won't leave you alone and  she's the most annoying person i've ever met in my life. She's like the mosquitoes  at night. They're becausing in your ear and your ear and your ear, and you're  just like, god.  Why aren't you talking to me?  Because I’m busy searching for something, like you should be.  I should be? Why do you say that?  Joaquin was not himself. There was a fury behind what he was saying. It's  turning out to be pretty great for me because he doesn't know how the  maneuver in this game.  What's the deal? Why can't we go back?  You can go back. I’m on the outs right now. I’m going to do whatever is best  for me in the long run. Me and Tyler have a good rapport. I showed him the  clue. He's my boy. He needs to see it.  Not too far from where you clench your third base, satiate your need for  power.  On day two Carolyn showed me the idol, but joaq showed me the clue. I appreciate  you going the extra mile to show me. When you actually show somebody and go  that extra mile, there's kind of a unity that comes with it.  They're back.  Even though Joaquin is on the outs, right now I’m really getting along with him,  and Shirin's at the point now where crazy is as crazy does. From the nudity  to the talking to the monkeys in the trees to the incessant talking around  camp, I have a strong feeling that if we're to lose this next challenge, Shirin  would be absolutely at the top of everyone's list.  The man that I call dad is the pastor of my church, and he taught me at a  very early age that, you know, if you work hard, good things will come to  you. So you don't have to tell me to do something because I see that something  needs to be done and I just do it. But this blue-collar tribe, which is  supposed to have the best work ethic out of all three tribes, is failing in  work ethic, and I feel like Rodney is the worst.  You know what I mean?  Yeah, I know exactly what I mean.  It has to be done.  Mike makes his comments and I’m like, okay, this is annoying. Watch what you  say because you're not the only one busting your ass. We've been doing stuff  all morning with no thank you. Blue -collar people in general tend to  critique other people's work ethic because we think ours is the best, we  think we know the best way, we think we work harder. And sometimes it's a  difference of one less stick in someone's hand, but at the end of the day, I know  in this tribe I have the best work ethic.  Everybody's got to pitch in.  Yeah, I know, but not when Mike wants it done. Not when Mike wants it done,  bro. We'll get it done when we get it done.  I’m going to be first one to go home because I step up and say something,  then i'll step up and say something.  It's not that we have to do work all day every day. Not every day we need to  be on a mission like you at 8:00 in the morning. We can get it done during  the day, bro. You need relax and let people do it at their own pace. Are you  the captain of this team? Relax then. Relax. I'll get some firewood when I want  to get firewood. You're not my father so sit the [bleeped] down. Whether I get  firewood in ten minutes, 20 minutes or an hour, i'll get it, but don't tell  me to do it right then and there or I’m not doing it.  Everyone else here is keeping your mouth shut, but every single one of them  is saying the exact same thing I’m saying.  Look at me right now. I’m shaking. Let me eat my food and then i'll go do  this with you. All I’m saying is let me get food in me, when I have my  energy, i'll do it. I’m jacked for a reason. I've got motivation and  dedication. I'll do it. Let me do it when I’m ready, not when Mike's ready.  Rodney's going to do what Rodney wants to do. Whether you do the most or the  election it's not going to get you to the end. It's keeping everybody happy.  Get off my back.  Man, sorry. I didn't know you weren't feeling good.  Nobody tells me what to do. That's why I work for myself.  I hear you.  I'll do stuff when I want to do it, on Rodney's time. This ain't an oil rig.  We got to work hard. You have to work extremely hard. If you don't work this  damn hard, you'll get booted off. I’m not a hick. I can't grow up in this  environment. I don't live this kind of life. Maybe he does in his $100,000  ranch he owns. Houses in mass cost $400,000 because people want to live  there. About it nobody want to live in texas.  Mike's the number-one tiger, so I have to lay low, go back on my three cs, my  cool, calm and collective.  I’m going to stack a pile of firewood. And I don't want to hear anyone ask me  to get no more firewood.  A lot of this started a lot yesterday for me. Whenever I feel like I’m  busting my ass.  So are we.  I can finish? I let you guys finish. I would like to finish. I don't feel that  the respect that I’m giving you guys is being reciprocated back to me.  If anyone gets respect around here, it's you. For sure it's not us.  When did I not respect you guys?  When's the last time you said thank you for anything that got done by us?  Every single day.  When?  Every single day?  Name one. Name one. We did this all morning and you came back and bitched. I didn't  get ten cents in. Thanks for doing milan dry.  When did you say thank you for getting firewood. &gt;&gt;er time and every  time that we've gotten firewood, we've been there. Every [bleeped] time.  Every time we've gotten firewood, we've helped.  Mike is big ignorant right now, it's the one thing that I cannot take. Of  course, he wants to sit there and fight with me of all people. Like I know  you have some bible verse on your back, but that didn't help the fire get  tended to. We all do everything. I genuinely feel like that. We don't get  firewood? True or false?  Yeah, you get firewood.  We don't cook, true or false?  You cook all the time.  Tend to the fire? Go get water? We don't tend to the fire? How the [bleeped]  do you think this fire is going right now? How do you think that got there?  Magic? Did your god come down and do it with his beard?  I’m not sitting here saying I’m the best christian in the world, but I do  have a relationship with god, and that was very offensive to me. Honestly, it  hurt my feelings on a personal level. Like I said, if I’m stepping up and  saying something means I’m first to go, send me home.  Mike always says, and if that's why you guys want to send me home, then send  me home. Wish come true. Sorry.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. White collars, blue-collar tribe getting your first  look at the new no-collar tribe. Vince voted out in the last tribal council.  All right. You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Hell, yeah.  Jeff: First things first, I will take back the idols. Give it up, Shirin. Ly  take -- I will take it. Once again immunity is become up for grabs. For  today's challenge, each tribe will carry a large bucket to a water tower  where you will fill it. You'll then race back, working together to plug as  many of the holes as you can to keep the water from leaking out. You'll empty  what's left into a barrel and head back out. First two tribes to fill their  barrel and raise their flag wins immunity and reward. Want to know what  you're playing for?  Yes.  Jeff: In addition to being safe from tribal council, the first tribe to  finish, a massive comfort reward.  Oh, my god.  Yeah. Chairs.  Jeff: Chairs, blankets, pillow, candle, rope and a tarp. It will change the  way you are living at camp. Second tribe to finish, not as big, but still  very useful, a tarp. Last tribe to finish, nothing but a date with me at  tribal council where somebody will be the third person volted out of this  game. Blue collar you have one extra person. Got to sit somebody out. It can  be anybody you want. Who's it going to be? Lindsey going to sit this one out.  Everybody else take a minute to strategize. We'll get started. Here we go.  For immunity and reward, Survivors ready? Go! White collar flying over and  tossing their bucket. Will struggling early. No collars taking a little  longer out of the gate. Very simple premise: Fill your bucket with water and  try to get back as much of that water as you can before it leaks out.  You have to put your hands down. You're not covering the hole. Right there.  Like that?  Yeah.  Jeff: Joe is going to send Nina out ahead. Could be a very smart strategy by  the no collars if it plays off. Blue collars coming back.  That's it, you guys. Bring it down, quick, quick, quick!  Jeff: Here comes white collar. No collar heading back. The goal is teamwork.  The more holes you plug, the more water you will have to dump into your  barrel, which means the fewer runs you will have to make. White collar has  their first bucket. No collar moving very slow, but that does not mean  anything if they're plugging the holes.  Make sure we get it all in.  Jeff: No collar dumps half their water on the ground. Here comes blue collar.  Once again Nina going out. Do not understanding the reason why Nina is not  part of this. No collar once again very slow and doing it with only four  tribe members, even though they have five. What you're doing is not working,  no collars. Blue collar back with another bucket full of water. White collar  back with another bucket. Heading back out. For some reason that makes sense  no comers to have Nina not participate. Here comes blue collar again.  Yeah!  Jeff: Here comes white collar. Will is exhausted. It is white collar and blue  collar, just like the last challenge, duking it out for the first and second.   Quickly! Quickly! You have to beat them. You have to beat them!  Jeff: This could be it.  Get it in.  Jeff: Could this be enough? No. White collar has to head back out. Not enough  for blue collar. They have to head back out. It is very close between blue  and white.  This is it, you guys! This is it.  Jeff: Every bit of water you keep in that bucket makes a difference. Nina  finally helping out now for the first time.  A little further.  Go, go.  Go.  <br/>Jeff: Blue collar heading back. This could be it. White collar heading back.  This could be it for them. How much water can they keep in the bucket? No  collar with another bucket. Nice but not enough. No collar heading back out.  Here comes blue collar. Could this be for the win? Here comes white collar.  Go, go, go!  Jeff: Yes! Blue collar wins immunity and reward! White collar wins immunity  and reward, send nothing collar back the tribal council. -- sending no collar  back the tribal council. Blue collar, nice finish. Once again no tribal  council, nobody going home from the blue collar tribe. White collar, once  again a nice finish. This tribe staying intact. Blue collar, come get your  massive reward and head back to camp.  Appreciate it, Jeff.  Oh, my god, you guys.  Jeff: White collar, no tribal council. Come get your tarp, grab your stuff,  head back to camp.  Thank you.  Jeff: Congratulations. No-collar tribe, for the second time in a row a loss,  but this time it seemed to center around strategy. Joe, what was the thinking  in having Nina not participate in plugging holes?  We thought maybe we'd be a little quicker with putting Nina at the end of the  obstacles, she would plug the holes once we got through them. It might have  been a bad call looking at it now, but it seemed like the best thing to do in  the moment.  Jeff: No collars, grab your stuff, head back to camp. See you tonight at  tribal.  I thought we was at damn boot camp. This is ridiculous. The challenge kicked  my ass today. It really did. It kicked my ass. The sad fact is we're going to  another tribal council, and I think it's time for Nina to go.  I just want to say sorry. I take full responsibility today, man. I don't know  what I was thinking. I especially... I feel so terrible.  I didn't know you made that call because you thought I couldn't do it. I could  have totally...  I am so sorry. I mean it. I’m genuinely so sorry because I never ever should  have made that call. Man, we were so close today, and I feel a little bit of  responsibility because I kind of came up with the strategy and the game plan,  and I should have just shut up and let Nina participate, and I feel pretty  bad about it. Because I screwed her over today. And I know Nina doesn't want  to two home. No one wants to go home from this game, so she wants the fight,  she'll fight.  Well, I should have listened to my gut. You want me to stay and help plug  holes. You're like, no, go. I thought, man, I should just say and help plug  those holes.  Absolutely right. I’m so sorry. I just feel bad for assuming that she would  slow us down. That's not right. I feel terrible.  Live and learn.  We blew it again. We tried to make Nina a non-factor, and it cost us. So back  to tribal council we go. It's not your fault, man. This is the game, dog.  What are we playing? What are we playing?  "Survivor."  are we playing friends?  No, but I don't like the lose.  I don't like the lose either. We made a decision as a team. She's been dead  weight for a while. Okay.  Absolutely.  How do you think the vote is going to go tonight?  I have no idea.  What's that?  I said, I have no idea.  I think tonight's definitely between me and will, because the three that are  in control right now are Joe, Jenn and Hali, so I need to conVince them to  vote will over me.  Do you want to talk about who you want to vote out tonight?  Are you going to vote will?  I could vote will.  That's two challenges in a row he suckedment one challenge doesn't make me go  no, but two it does.  Nina and will are definitely on borrowed time. Will did not perform in the  challenge. It was embarrassing. But I still don't really trust him at all. He  seems sneaky, but, you know, Nina, she's a wet blanket on the entire tribe. I  think will and Nina suck equally in challenges.  I do, too. Will sucks.  Well, it took longer for will to swim to the boat the other day than Nina.  Yeah, it did. I thought will was dying.  Nina is just so frail and her attitude is not there, but will is struggling  like hard core.  What if me and you vote will? Will voted for the wrong person last tribal.  And now, you know, I don't trust him. I think he's a snake. So my biggest  fear moving forward is that will might do something idiotic and that Jenn and  I will have trouble at the merge. So we're between a rock and a hard place  right now, who is going to go home, will it be will or Nina?  Jeff: All right. So let's talk about the last tribal council. It seemed to  center around trust, and it resulted in what appeared to be a blind side on Vince,  but it didn't seem as though Vince was the only one surprised by the outcome.  Will, when you guys got back to camp, was there something to clear up?  Yeah, pretty much. I had to go with somebody I trusted, and that's why I voted  him out.  Jeff: Joe, it's interesting that this game plays on so many levels, because  you're still in the tribe portion of the game, and yet you're already playing  the individual part of the game. And the trust issues could come back if your  tribe remains intact.  Oh, absolutely. You only get a couple opportunities when you make mistakes to  fix those mistakes, so, yeah, it's a huge factor to trust people and try to  keep your alliances as strong as possible going into the future.  Jeff: Let's talk about today's challenge. Your strategy to pull Nina out of  this challenge was hard to understand. Joe, what was the thinking?  Well, you know, five people going through that ladder was a little tricky, so  I was thinking that Nina could stumble and fall and take the whole thing  down, so, yeah, I kind of messed up today big time.  Jeff: And yet, Nina, what you're left with is they didn't have enough faith  in you to let you play.  That's exactly what it was, and it really showed me that because of my  disadvantage, they have absolutely no faith that I can do anything.  Jeff: But today's challenge has nothing to do with hearing.  I just feel like they look at me as a whole person that has a disadvantage,  whether it's my ears, my feet or whatever it is.  Jeff: Because you're deaf?  Yes.  <br/>I'll disagree with that. No matter how many times we pull Nina to the side to  give her a pep talk, boost her morale, it always goes back to her being deaf,  so that's what is making me upset because we try.  Jeff: Joe, there's something that happens on "Survivor" where perception  becomes reality, no matter what the perception the group has, it is real, and  it is true for them.  Yeah. She's kind of misunderstanding us just as much as she feels  misunderstood. I mean, I know a lot of deaf people, and I would be the last  person of the judge you or anyone for a disability.  Jeff: Will, I saw you today after the challenge, and you were winded. Do you  have a reason to be concerned?  I did struggle in the second challenge with the buoy. I went back and said,  that's on me guys. I think today we just as a team just didn't work. But they  know what I bring to the tribe, and I’m just going to hold on to that.  You guys would be crazy to keep will. I mean, seriously, you can trust me, I’m  strong. I can win challenges. And you haven't even given me a chance to show  what i've got.  But you've been emotionally weak here a lot and that concerns me a bit. I know  it's hard for you out here, but it's hard for everyone. We're all going  through personal struggles, you know?  Jeff: Right on cue. [thundering] Hali, is it possible that Nina is on the  wrong tribe. Maybe she's not a no collar.  I wonder that, that philosophy you take life as it come, you know how to ride  the highs and ride out the lows, for most of our tribe life, we go with the  flow, but Nina doesn't have that same flow going.  Jeff: And yet Nina, I know you see yourself as a no collar, a person who is  malleable and does try to look at the world from different viewpoints.  Well, before losing my hearing, I had a lot of jobs where, you know, I managed  people. I was responsible for lots of money. I did a lot of budget planning,  and that was 44 years of my life. It's only been seven years that I shifted a  little, but I still have the white-collar mentality.  You know, in real life you may never have to be the type of person that would  go out and eat a lizard. You may not have to be a no collar person back home,  but if you want to stay in this game and you want to play with this tribe,  you're going to have to make adjustments. And you're going to have to be more  no collar if you want to fit in. I think that's all we're saying. Like I don't  have an agenda to change you as a human being, but if you want to play this  game, you got to be a player.  You know, I’m listening to what they said. It's a tough thing, but I’m taking  it to heart, and I really think I can do what you've suggested. I want to be  a part of the no-collar tribe.  Jeff: Interesting tribal council. Hopefully a little bit cathartic. It is  time to vote. Nina, you're up. I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a  hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now would be the time to do so.  Okay. Once the votes are read, the decision is final. Person voted out will  be asked to leave the tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First  vote, Nina. Will. One vote Nina, one vote will. Will. Two votes will. One  vote Nina. Nina. We're tied. Two votes Nina, two votes will, one vote left.  Third person voted out, Nina. You need to bring me your torch. Nina, the  tribe has spoken. Well, "Survivor" is often about enduring  short-term losses for long-term gains. Losing today's challenge means you go  back to camp without a tarp to keep you dry from the rain and down yet  another tribe member. The hope is in the long run it will be worth it. Grab your  torches. Head back to camp. Good night.  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on a special two-hour "Survivor"...  That men mentality, is that how your mom raised you?  Who the hell gets a utah to on your face unless you have some serious  problems.  Jeff: There's a little blood. Oh, massive collision.  She's bleeding.  Jeff: Everybody stop!  According to them I’m in the as free spirited as they are. Maybe I’m not.  Maybe being out here in the elements and being with complete, total strangers  brought out a different side of me, so, you know, I’m going the really dig  deep in myself and maybe make some changes in that way. It was definitely a  life-altering eight days.