<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor"... At the white-collar tribe, Shirin  and Max were becoming outcasts.  They're relentless, buzzing in your ear, and you're just like, god.  Jeff: While at the blue-collar tribe, it was all work and no play.  How do you [bleeped] think this fire is going right now, magic?  This blue-collar tribe is failing.  Jeff: At the last immunity challenge, will struggled. Nina was left out, and  no collar lost their second challenge in a row. White collar wins immunity,  sending no collar back the tribal council. At tribal council... Will. Will  received two votes, but it was Nina who just didn't fit inch Nina, the tribe  has spoken. 15 are left. Who will be voted out tonight? [thunder]  Nina saw what was coming to her, finally. Sent her on home. But it was pretty  delightful to come back to camp and see embers in the fire. That was a  shining hope, you know. We've been through darkest and now we have our embers  and we have our fire just blazing.  In case you're wondering why your name came up twice, that was only in case Nina  had the idol. No one wanted you gone.  New york I know. You guys stayed true to the alliance, and I told you I was  loyal. You guys showed me you're loyal. Now it's a whole different game. We  are definitely at the make-or-break point. We have the mentality of a strong  unit now. This is the unit we wanted in the beginning, but I got two votes.  If we lose the next challenge and go tribal council, I’m gone, unless I can  conVince Joe to vote one of the girls, I’m gone.  I am starving.  Oh, yeah.  Get the machete.  Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.  Hell, yeah.  Spread it out so you don't cut it in half. There you go, Mike. Get him. Get  him. That aboy. That aboy, Mike.  We're still unable to get a fish, which is breaking my heart a little bit.  We're not getting chicken obviously. Are you grossed out easily? I want you  to grab this. But we've been seeing a couple snakes throughout camp, and we  have got a snake. Here we go.  It's still moving.  Any opportunity to get food, you know, your boy from texas is going to eat  it, I don't care what it is, you know what I mean, whether bit a scopeon or a  snake. It don't matter. Snake's ready.  I’m starving right now. I'll do whatever I can to get protein. I’m a big  today. I’m probably one of the bigger dudes out here. I have to do what I have  to do to survive. It tastes pretty good. I'll eat anything. I’m eating things  I never thought i'd eat before.  We're turning Rodney into a country boy kind of.  Mike's a loyal texan. He got me trying snake. We had a heated argument  earlier in the game. But that's men being men.  Snake, bro.  First time, huh?  I've got some hair on my chest, you know.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. White collar, blue collar tribe getting your first  look at the new no-collar tribe. Nina voted out at the last tribal council.  All right. You guys ready to get to today's reward challenge?  Yes.  Absolutely. [applause]  Jeff: For today's challenge, one person will be your caller. The rest of the  tribe will be blind folded. Using only verbal commands, the caller will  instruct one pair of blindfolded tribe members to go out and collect four  items. Every time you get an item, you have to bring it back, hoist it to the  top, head back out. Once you've collected all items. Your caller will send  you back out for one final tribe flag. The first two tribes to raise their  tribe flag to the top win reward. Want to know what you're playing for?  Yes.  Absolutely.  Jeff: First tribe to finish...  Oh, yes.  Oh, my god.  Jeff: Three egg-laying hens, one rooster. This is nutrition and  companionship. Second tribe to finish, ten eggs.  Whoa.  Emily: Worth playing for?  Oh, yeah.  Jeff: White collar, you have one extra tribe member. Who's going to sit this  one out?  J.p., I’m out.  Jeff: J.p., you're out. Blue collar, you have two extra tribe members. Rodney  and Mike going to sit this one out. Everybody else, take a minute to  strategize and we'll get started. All right. Everybody has their positions.  The white-collar tribe, Carolyn is the caller. For blue comer, Sierra is the  caller. For the no-collar tribe, Joe is the caller. A nice reward on the  line. Here we go, Survivors ready. Go. All about communication.  Side step right.  Straight, straight.  To the left, to the left. Get through first one. Keep going.  Jeff: No collar and white collar out quickly.  Stop, stop! Stay with me.  Jeff: Right into that 2x4. Shirin took a nice hit to the groin.  Back, back.  Jeff: No collar has their first item. They're heading back.  Bend down, bend down! Left, left, left!  Jeff: White collar has their first item. They're heading back.  Straight, straight, watch in front of you. Straight! Go around it. You're  fine.  Sierra, louder!  Jeff: No collar back to their first item. Now you have to get it to the top.  Will pulling on one side, the girls pulling on the other. No collar has their  first item.  Drop it, drop it.  To the right. Under that bag. Under that bag. Yes!  Jeff: Lindsey and Kelly coming back with abitem. Shirin takes another hit.  At your feet. At your feet. Yes. Come back.  Jeff: Hali and Jenn have their first item. White collar coming back. No  collar back with their second item. Getting it here is first part. Getting it  to the top is the second part.  Okay. Now both together. Up.  Hali, one more.  Jeff: A second item for the no collars. They're heading back out looking for  number three. Will, be careful when that drops.  Pull, pull!  I got it. Drop it.  Jeff: Blue collar has their first item. White collar has their first item to  the top.  3:00. 3:00.  Turn right.  Jeff: No collars have their third item. Shirin takes another hit.  That really hirts.  A little more Lindsey to the right.  Jeff: Blue collar trying to get their second item. White collar searching.  White collar's got their second item.  Nice. Push it down. Yes. Perfect.  Jeff: No collar trying to get that third item to the top. Blue collar working  on their second item.  Drop it! Go. Drop it! Go.  Jeff: Be careful with that. No collar with their third. Joe's got it.  Let I got, will. Watch yourself, will.  Jeff: Will gets hit again. That is on you. Take care of that platform. White  collar has their second item. Got to get it up to Carolyn. She's got it.  Watch it, Joaquin.  Right there. Yes, that's it. Lindsey, yes.  Jeff: Blue collar heading back with their third item. No collar searching for  their fourth item.  It's right in front of you. Bend over.  Jeff: White collar looking for that third item. Where is it?  You got it. Let's go!  Jeff: Blue collar getting all tied up in an obstacle that they refuse to go around.   In front of you. On the ground. Yes.  Jeff: No collar dominating in this challenge. They have their fourth item.  Bring it home. Bring it home!  Jeff: Blue collar trying to get this third item to the top. Here comes no  collar with their fourth item. Sierra grabs it before it drops.  Drop it, drop it!  Jeff: Oh, Kelly, a massive collision.  Kelly, are you okay?  Jeff: Are you all right?  She's bleeding.  Jeff: Stop! Stop where you are. Medical, take a look at Kelly. Talk to me,  babe.  Kelly, you've got a little bit of blood. There have a seat for me.  Jeff: Ben, she took it right in the head.  Okay. She's got a gash, three to four centimeters.  Jeff: Ben, reassure her right now since she's blindfolded. Is she okay?  She's fine.  Jeff: Okay. Okay. So you're not emotionally...  No, not at all.  So I’m quite happy to just bandage this up and then complete the challenge.  And then after the challenge is complete, i'll have a proper look at it.  Jeff: Are you good with that?  I’m good.  Jeff: You're going to keep going with a blind fold and head injury knowing  that if you get at all light-headed we'll stop this challenge, no damage.  It's not going to hurt anybody if we stop it again.  I’m good. I feel good.  Way to go, kel.  Jeff: Do what you need to do.  Good job, kill. [clapping]  good job, kel.  Jeff: All right. Kelly is bandaged up. She's okay. Going to continue.  Peace, girl.  Jeff: Let me reset where everybody is. Blue collar has three items. The white  collar tribe is back with their third item. The no collar tribe is back with  their fourth item. First two to finish win reward. Survivors ready? Go. This  challenge is back on.  To the right. Go straight. You got to go faster.  Jeff: White collar trying to get their third item. Carolyn has it.  I got it.  Jeff: No collar has all four items. They're looking for their flag. That's  the last item.  To the left! To the left! To the left!  To the right! To the right! To the right.  To the left!  To the right! To the right! Lindsay, to the right!  I’m going to the [bleeped] right.  Grab it! Stop and grab it!  Jeff: White collar looking for their fourth item. Max has it.  Reach, reach, left, yes!  Jeff: No collar looking very good right now. This is going to be a showdown  between while and blue for second place. Kelly suffered a lot of blood loss,  wants to win this.  No, guys, no, down.  Jeff: White collar cannot get their items on their platform, which opens the  door for blue collar to get back in it. But blue collar's platform is askew.  The only tribe that has figured this challenge out is the no collar tribe.  They have their last item for the win. No collar wins reward! Three hens and  a rooster. We're looking for second place. White collar has their fourth item  up. Blue collar, you got to move, blue collar. You got to move. White collar  looking for that flag, their last item. Shirin running. Sierra has the fourth  item for blue collar. Head out, blue collar, head out.  Max, find the flag! You got it. Let's go.  Jeff: White collar has their flag. Blue collar heading out for their flag. It  may be too late.  Run. You guys got to go faster.  To the left and go straight.  Dammit, Sierra.  Jeff: Blue collar looking for their flag. White collar has their flag. They  just have to get it to the top.  Okay. Again. Up. Slowly. Again. Up.  Jeff: For the first time they're moving their platform slowly.  Go forward.  This is forward.  Go forward.  Jeff: Carolyn is very close, and she has it. White collar wins reward. Blue  collar wins nothing after a big effort.  I’m so pissed right now.  Jeff: No-collar tribe, congratulations. Great communication.  Thank you.  Jeff: As a result, a huge reward, three egg-laying hens and one rooster. This  will be waiting for you back at camp. Grab your stuff, head back, enjoy.  White collar, ten eggs.  Way to go, guys.  Jeff: Enjoy. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. Blue-collar tribe, you'll  grab your stuff, head back to camp. On your way back the camp, Kelly, medical  will look at that and stitch you up. Blue-collar tribe, got nothing for you.  Head out.  I like you better than our old tribe mates.  Yeah, we do.  What do you guys think about...  Slaughter one?  Yeah.  Oh, my god, finally we got a win, and today is my 42nd birthday. I’m happy  because birthdays are always special to me.  Love you, brother.  Love you.  Love you. Happy birthday.  I never spent a birthday away from my family, and I mean I know it's a game,  but they went out of their way to make sure I had a special 42nd birthday.  Top this birthday off with a little fried chicken.  Are you caring for them right now? It's only going to make it harder, right?  We don't have to eat them.  We're going to eat them.  But they have eggs.  Back home I don't eat meat. I don't like hurting animals. I don't see the  purpose in killing this chicken. It provides us with eggs. But they don't  care. They're dead set on eating this chicken.  Sorry, baby girl.  You've done this before?  Nope.  I think Jenn's totally just starved.  Probably.  Will you cut it?  Everyone's at the camp cooking and killing and gutting whatever-ing the  chicken.  Where's Jenn? Jenn can't handle it.  It really bothers me to see that. I’m out going firewood. Of course i'll poke  around for the idol, but my confidence for finding it is about 10%. All these  trees look the same. With no clue, it's a needle in a haystack-type deal. But  historically the immunity idol is in the dry creek bed, like in the wall or  something, or it's going to be in a tree. It's probably going to be in a  tree.  Oh, this is going to be awesome. Chicken. So excited. Will's birthday,  birthday feast.  Birthday feast for will.  It's usually a unique-looking tree, something that makes them stand out a  little bit.  Jenn's been gone freakin' forever.  This is so good.  No, freaking way. This is like a dream come true. I did it. I have a hidden  immunity idol. This is amazing. I think if I were on the blue or white-collar  tribe I would be worried because it's our people, the no collars that stir  things up and mess up the game. I can screw up the game so easily with this  thing. I guess killing the chicken kind of worked out for me. Winner, winner,  chicken dinner.  The girl, kel, kel, got knocked in the head today. She ended up getting six  stitches. This is one of the toughest girls i've seen in a long time, so  fitting the stereotype of a blue collar. I have mad respect for that and I feel  like we could go really, really far in this game together.  Oh, my gosh.  What?  Girls need to hold themselves to a higher standard than guys.  That's such crazy logic to me.  Listen, how many times...  You broke it down. You broke it down.  No, no, no, if a girl broke up with a guy, a guy would be lining up. If I go  to a club, I just broke up with my girl, I have to put in work.  That doesn't make sense.  I say if you go to a club, you never know what you're getting.  That's why you don't meet people at the club.  Or the car or the carnival or a museum.  If you were my son i'd break your jaw.  Well, my mother's proud of me.  There's so much wrong with you.  Rodney thinks that women need to hold themselves to a higher standard than  men, which is what's wrong with so many relationships, because guys think  they have the right to do things that a woman can't, and it's hard to live  with someone so closely who has such different views because I look at  someone like that, and I’m like, who raised you? Like what type of woman  would raise a man to think that? The bottom line is everyone is on the equal  playing feed, and if you think women should hold themselves to a higher  standard, then you should hold yourself to a higher standard.  All right. First of all, Lindsey, she looks like a female Mike tyson out  here. Who the hell gets a tattoo on their damn face unless you got some  serious problems? You can tell she's got some serious problems having a Mike  tyson tattoo.  Is that how your mom raised you? That's how your mom raised you?  All I was trying to say is I think girls should hold themselves to a higher  standard than men. Men are dogs. We want angels. That's how me and my boys  are. I might not be an angel. That's what I want when I settle down. It is  what it is.  It is what it is.  I don't know why we're fighting over something so stupid.  So I got to go back to my three cs -- cool, calm and checked. I can't be a  hothead in this game. That's who I am. I’m a hothead. That will send me out,  too.  Eggs.  There are ten eggs.  The chickens would have been delicious.  Listen, we got eggs.  I’m kind of thrilled that we didn't win the whole chicken package just  because I knew that was going to be yet another white collar nightmare. I know  that none of my guys have ever slaughtered any kind of an animal let alone a  chicken. I learned how the kill a chicken for "Survivor." I watched  a video and talked to a farmer all about it and then I slaughtered a rabbit.  It's different, very different, but it dessenstizes you.  Shirin says she slaughtered a bunny rabbit. Really? First thing that came to  my mind was sosa path. First thing they start doing is killing small animals.  It probably started with a mouse at like 14. She's at a rabbit right now at  29. It's insane how she tries to justify her psychotic ways. All right,  psycho, you sit over there.  I prefer to, you know, push something, not punch something.  Listen, the challenge will dictate which one, but I’m just more concerned if  the four of us compete and she's in doubt, is she going to feel alienated and  when we come back to camp...  What would be the difference if I sat out?  You're the logical person.  So is that the logic for sitting me out?  No, it's not.  It might be that I sit out.  It depends on... I guess we wait until then.  Max is pitching I really don't think we should sit out Shirin because it will  upset her? Are you kidding me? On the spectrum of crazy, I think both Max and  Shirin are very close to 10. I’m a better athlete so we're going to give up  the potential for winning because we have to worry about whether her feelings  are hurt? I can't believe that he brought that up. Max wants to be the cult  leader of our tribe. Shirin goes naked because Max goes naked. She would  drink his kool-aid. Very Dangerous. Very, very Dangerous.  We lose tomorrow, are we all in agreement it's Max?  That's a serious talk.  Oh, my god, you guys are freaking killing me. He's a cult leader and you're  being romanced.  He's using his safe bull um to make moves?  No question in my mind, you cut the head of the snake off.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to today's immunity  challenge?  Yeah.  Jeff: First things first, I will take it back. Lindsey, give it up. Shirin.  There you go.  Jeff: You guys do not give this up easily. Once again immunity is back up for  grabs. For today's challenge, each tribe will be attached to a rope. On my  go, one at a time you'll maneuver through a rope obstacle. You'll grab the  bag of balls, head to the finish, where you must then balance on a beam while  attempting to maneuver a ball through a maze of holes to the top. If the ball  falls through a hole, you got to start over. First two tribes to get all  three balls to the top wins immoneyty, safe from the vote. The losers go to  tribal council where somebody will be the fourth person voted out of this  game. Blue collar, you have two extra people, sitting two people out. Who's  going to sit out? Lindsey and Dan, take a spot on the sit-out bench. White collar  sitting one person out. Who are you going to sit out? Shirin, take a spot on  the sit-out bench. Everybody else take a minute to strategize, we'll get  started. All right. Here we go. For immunity. Survivors ready? Go!  Come on, Hali.  Jeff: Hali, Mike and Joaquin heading out first for each tribe. Rope  management and you're doing this on an angle, which makes it even more  difficult.  Come on, Hali.  Jeff: Joaquin is through. Hali's through. Mike is hung up.  You got this, Hali. Night. Now Mike is down. There goes Joaquin.  Jeff: Mike picking up the pace now. Go blue collar. Go, no collar. Now Sierra  for blue collar and Carolyn for white collar. Here comes will for no collar.  He's struggling with this element in the water, and he's now struggling again  on land.  Go, go, go. You're fine.  Jeff: Sierra flying through it for blue collar. Go, blue collar. Blue collar  in the lead. Now will's starting to figure it out.  Come on, will.  Jeff: Go, white collar. Go, no collar. Go, blue collar. Here comes Max for white  collar. There's Rodney, the final person for blue collar. Go, white collar.  White collar on their last person. Go, no collar. Joe the last person for no  collar.  No, no, no!  Under the rope, under the rope!  No!  What? What?  Under.  This way?  Jeff: It is Rodney now stuck for blue collar and losing a lot of time.  Go.  There you go. You got it. You got it.  Jeff: Rodney finally gets free. Rodney the fourth and final member for blue  collar. Head out, blue collar. Got to untie that bag of balls. Start going,  no collar. Everybody on deck. Start going, white collar. Blue collar has  their bag of balls. Head out to the maze.  Got it?  Go.  Jeff: No collar has their bag of balls. They're heading out to the maze. It  is Mike for blue collar already working on the maze. Joe for no collar  working on the maze. White collar needs to pick it up.  Go.  Jeff: Your goal is to get that ball to the top without dropping through any  of the many holes.  Take your time, Mike.  Let's go, Joaquin.  Jeff: Both feet have to stay on that beam at all times. If you fall off, you  have to start over. Mike trying some crazy strategy.  That aboy, Mike.  Jeff: Joaquin has first ball for white collar. He's heading back. Here comes Carolyn.  Joe very close for no collar. Joe has first ball for no collar. Jenn now  going to give it a go. Mike getting closer and closer for blue collar.  Get in there. Yeah!  Jeff: Yes, Mike has it. We are tied 1-1-1.  You got this, Sierra.  Jeff: Carolyn near the top now. Can she get it in there? There it is. Carolyn  has the second one for white collar. It is white collar now working on their  third and final ball. Jenn's getting very close to that second ball for no  collar. There it is. Jenn has the second for no collar. We're tied, white  collar with two, no collar with two, blue collar with only one.  That's it, Sierra. Take your time, babe.  Jeff: Sierra very close with that second ball.  That's it, Sierra.  Jeff: Go, blue collar. We're now tied 2-2-2.  Come on!  Jeff: We have Tyler, Kelly and Hali all working on that third and final ball.   Max, Max, Max.  Jeff: Tyler drops in and he's going to drop out, calling Max in.  Come on, Max!  Jeff: That opens up the door for blue collar and no collar. Hali very close  to winning immunity for no collar. Here comes Kelly.  Nice move, Kelly.  Jeff: There it is. No collar wins immunity. Nobody going home from no collar.  We're looking for one more. Kelly very close. Blue collar could win immunity  right here. Kelly drops her ball. She's got to start again. Big missed  opportunity for the blue collar tribe. Rodney taking over for Kelly, didn't  even ask, just forced his way in. It's white collar now in the lead. Max makes  a big move and it does not work.  Never going to work that way.  Jeff: Once again we're back even. Blue collar has not gone to tribal. Max knows  what tribal is like and does not want to return. Max once again making big  moves, huge risks. It is now Max in the lead over Rodney. Rodney taking his  time. Max playing more aggressive.  To get around the hole, just pull one.  Jeff: Max with a nice maneuver. Max with the lead.  Go, white, go, white! That's it.  Jeff: Rodney drops. This could be it.  Left, left, left.  Jeff: Max very close.  Left, left, left.  Yeah! Yeah!  Jeff: Max scores for white collar. White collar safe from tribal, sending  blue collar to tribal council for the first time this season.  Come on, come on.  Jeff: No collar, congratulations. Will, you get it?  Yes, sir. My birthday.  Jeff: Nobody going home from no collar and nobody going home from white collar.  Immunity for white collar, as well. No collar, grab your stuff, head back to  camp. Enjoy the night off.  Thank you, sir.  Jeff: White collar grab your stuff, head back to camp. Enjoy the night off.  Blue collar, tribal council tonight. Somebody will be the fourth person voted  out of this game and the first person to leave from your tribe. Grab your  stuff, head back to camp. See you tonight at tribal.  In this challenge Rodney was the factor that slowed us down. He got stuck and  looked at me like a lost puppy. My horses are much smarter than Rodney,  especially when it's competition day. And for me, it's not even in the  challenges but in camp life, Rodney's just got to go.  Well, that sucked.  Win, lose or draw, you guys, I want to say that I’m really proud I got you on  my matt that first day.  Absolutely.  No matter what happens tonight.  Agreed. 100%.  This is what we're ready for.  I wasn't ready to go see probst, not even.  This loss could be exactly what the blue tribe needed. You do not know who  your true alliance is until Jeff is reading those names.  So is it me? Let's just get right to it?  Actually, I want to talk to you.  Yeah?  Rodney has my vote. He doesn't have morals. He has absolutely no...  No respect for girls.  For women. I just hope that you'll consider voting him out.  There are two ways to listen, you can listen like a guy, or you listen like a  girl. When you listen like a guy, you try solve the problem because that's  what we do, we want to fix things. When you listen like a girl, you empathize,  you just nod your head and agree. I can't disagree with you. Really can't.  You just smile and nod, yes, dear, I understand, you're right. If getting rid  of Rodney helps to bring this tribe together, I’m in.  I think it will.  It will make the tribe stronger in the end.  It's huge.  I don't disagree with that. I completely agree. I think that is the best way  to go. I am so much smarter than I look. This is a game of numbers, and you  know something, they have isolated themselves intas a group of twos.  What it comes down to right here is this four right here. I love this four. I’m  a leader. I’m going to be the leader no matter. What I’m the tom brady here.  If I step on the field, all business aside, I’m tom brady out here. These  broads don't no what they're doing. They came into this game with no strategy  at all.  So what's going on is me, Dan, Kelly and Mike, we're a strong four. So  bye-bye, Lindsey. Anything you do, you got to be a smooth criminal like  michael jackson, baby. Lindsey is saying so much disrespectful stuff and i've  been holding back. If she were home i'd spank her like a bad baby.  Rodney should not be so flamboyant about Lindsey going, he could be the next  to go. It's funny to watch him.  The winner is on the blue collar.  Mike andry definitely together. And Mike does not trust Rodney, and I don't  trust Rodney either.  You know what I’m saying?  It's you and me. I agree.  Okay.  I don't trust him.  He pisses me off, like bad.  I’m with you, 110.  It's Rodney. What do you think?  It's best for tribe.  It is. He's made mistakes in challenges.  Yeah. No, I know. Lindsey and Rodney clash. They both have attitudes. They  both want to be the boss. Lindsey is bitchy how she's going about it. Mike  and I are in a good position tonight to go with either the girls or the guys.  We could vote for Rodney or we could vote for Lindsey. Tonight is going to be  huge. Someone's going home and someone's going to be pissed off, but I know  it's not me.  Jeff: Behind each of you is a torch. Go ahead and grab a torch. Dip it in and  get fire. This is part of the ritual of tribal council because in this game  fire represents your life, and when your fire is gone, so are you. All right,  Dan, let's get real. Give me the vibe of this tribe. Who quickly bonded?  Lindsey and Sierra bonded really quickly.  Jeff: Rodney, who didn't get along? Um, the one I didn't get along with with  is this girl right here. When it comes down to it, we don't mix, we're like  chicken apartment and tuna fish. It just don't taste good.  Jeff: So Lindsey, this there is this wall with Rodney.  Rodney and I just come from very, very different backgrounds. We have very  different morals.  Jeff: So if Rodney has different moral, it would imply he has no morals.  None. Correct.  Jeff: Sierra, have you seen that side of Rodney, as well?  Absolutely. I mean, just his vocabulary, it's very vulgar, it's very  demeaning.  Jeff: What's demeaning?  The way he talks about women, how he treats women, I mean, it goes on and on.  I can see where he rubs people wrong, you know?  Jeff: Kelly, what's your take on Rodney?  At first I was a little upset with Rodney, but you have to bite your tongue  out here, that's way he comes out and wants to portray himself, but I do get  frustrated, like shut up, I don't want to hear your mouth.  But if you go back to where I’m from, the number-one love of my life, I don't  have a girlfriend, it's my mother. My mother will tell you I’m the biggest  sweetheart out there. I’m just stating facts of how women disrespect  themselves. That's the type of stuff I deal with all the time. I've got  burned by women. Women should hold themselves to a higher standard and  respect themselves because he's how my mother did it and nowadays girls don't  respect themselves.  Jeff: Are you able to separate themselves and say I know that comment just  offended millions of women?  What? That women should hold themselves at a higher respect?  Jeff: I got to say, for what it's worth, it's ultimately a social game. You  are aware that you're playing with fire a little bit with that kind of  altitude, right?  I know it comes from my head, so guess what, I look my enemy in the eye and  i'll attack back.  Jeff: So Kelly, you have Lindsey and Sierra that are perceived to be tight,  and you have Rodney who is also his own lightning rod. Then you and Dan and Mike,  you have to decide what do we do tonight that is good for us as a unit moving  forward in the game.  Absolutely. Like saying we vote for Lindsey, Sierra is her best friend, so  you lose two people. We vote for Sierra, we lose two people, if we vote for Rodney  tonight, we gain trust for our tribe.  But look at us, I love this tribe. I love this tribe since the day that we  stepped on our matt. This tribe right here, we work for each other, we fight  for each other. We love together. We do it with dirt on our hand, with blood  on our hand, with sweat rolling down our face, with tears in our eyes, and I’m  telling you right now, whether he walks, I walk, she walks, he walks, someone  on this tribe on these stools right here is going to win $1 million. Bottom  line.  Jeff: Mike, does it make you sit up a little taller when you hear Lindsey,  because that speech really does encapsulate one thing, we are all blue  collar, and we all know what that means. &gt;&gt;ly give Lindsey 100% credit.  I think she unified us day one when she said the winner of this game is on  this tribe. It sparked big dreams in all of our hearts, which made us fight  for each other. You know, I do love these people. If I would have been on the  no-collar tribe, I probably would have slit my throat day one, you know what  I mean? Honest to goodness. And the white-collar tribe, they just live off of  the hard work and the backs of good, solid, blue-collar americans. But, yeah,  so we lost a challenge today, one of us is going home, so I think we formed  bonds regardless. For me that's massive.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Sierra, you're up. I'll go tally the  votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want the play it, now  would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are read, the decision is  final, person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area  immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Rodney. Lindsey. Rodney. Lindsey.  We're tied, two votes Rodney, two votes Lindsey. Sierra. That's two votes, Lindsey,  two votes Rodney, one vote Sierra. One vote left. Sierra. We have a three-way  tie. Lindsey, Rodney, Sierra, you will not vote. Mike, Dan, Kelly, you will  vote, and you can only vote for one of those three. Mike, you'll come get the  urn. I'll go tally the votes. I'll read the votes. First vote Lindsey. Fourth  person voted out, Lindsey. That's two, that's enough. You need to bring me  your torch. Lindsey, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Well, it's  been said more than once that the winner of this game will come from this  tribe, and that will require tribal unity. We'll see if voting out the person  who predicted it gives you that unity. Grab your torches. Head back to camp.  Good night.  When you have a personality like what I have, you are the epitome of play  with fire, you might get burned. Sometimes other people get the burn,  sometimes I get the burn myself. I’m walking off this island because I hurt a  man's ego. I’m not going to apologize, not to myself, not to anybody else,  not today, not tomorrow, not ever. I would stand by every choice that I made  and I would do it again.  You voted for me.  Doesn't matter who it was.  I mean, I would like to know.  The reason your name got written down is because if there was an idol in  play, it wasn't going to be one of these four that went home. That's nice and  to the point as I can possibly be. Tribal went exactly as our alliance  planned. I’m 100% happy with the decision we made tonight. I’m not happy  about Sierra being cut off and alienated from the tribe.  Sierra, we do want there to be unity back in this tribe again, and we can't  do that unless we air the grievances, get 'em out in the open and then we can  be done with them. The first puzzle challenge, you couldn't do it. You  stepped out. The second challenge in the water, you nearly killed Mike and I because  you missed so many shots. But it doesn't mean that I don't like you. We all  look at you as an asset.  It's really hard to hear that little bit that I’m an asset when you say  repeatedly numbering out things I did wrong. Not only did I just lose my  closest alliance, but to come back and get attacked for the player that I am,  that's tough. At this point, I can't trust these people. I busted my ass for  you guys around camp, in the challenges.  What about me? My name got written down.  Somebody's going to come out and blind side me, I got no sorrow for tears  coming down your eye, not from a guy like me and how I grew up. Sierra's out  there crying. Guess what, I don't care. You wrote my down. Time for do you get  over it. Only the strong Survivor. If you can't do this, take your bag, pack  'em and take your ass home now.  We can sit here and all jump on Sierra or start building a bridge right now  and mending hurt and wounds to whenever we do get split up, we can come back  and work together because I don't want these first 11 days to be for nothing.  I would like nothing more to pull Sierra back in, but I don't think that  she'll ever trust us.  I thought we had something.  We still do have something.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. White collar, no collar getting your first look at  the new blue collar tribe. Lindsey voted out at the last tribal council. You  are also getting your last look at the blue collar tribe as well as white  collar and no collar. [applause] we're switching things up.  There's a switch-up, which I’m really excited about. I’m going to go in and  find new alliances, because my tribe is absolutely dead to me. Dead. Drop  your buffs. White collar, blue collar, no collar is no more. From this point  forward there will be two tribes, the blue tribe, Escameca, and the red  tribe, Nagarote. Everybody will take a buff. Don't open it yet. Wait for me.  Fate. Right here. Are you getting red? Are you getting blue? Who will be on  your tribe with you? All these questions. About to be answered. All right.  Everybody open up. If you're blue, head over to the blue matt. You're a part  of Escameca.  Yes!  If you are red, head over to the red mat, you are Nagarote.  I feel like my old tribe are crappy people and had to pretend I was excited I  was with three of them, but I have three new people, and I’m going to find  new alliances. It's a whole different ballgame.  Jeff: All right. Let's see what we have, almost the entire blue collar tribe  stayed together, Dan, Sierra, Mike and Rodney, and they are joined by two  white collars, Tyler and Joaquin, and one no collar, Joe. Pretty  strong-looking tribe. Nagarote in red, three of the four no collars stayed  together, will, Hali and Jenn. And you are joined by three white collars, Max,  Carolyn and Shirin and one blue collar, Kelly.  No way. This cannot be happening right now. I am the only one from my tribe  going over to the other tribe. We just spent 11 days building these alliances  and now you're starting over. I am definitely scared to death.  Jeff: All right. You ready to get to your first reward challenge as a new  tribe?  Absolutely.  Jeff: For today's challenge, players from each tribe will launch balls out  onto the beach where their tribe mates will attempt to catch them. It doesn't  matter if you catch a red ball or a blue ball. You catch a ball, you score a  point. First to five wins reward. Want to know what you're playing for?  Absolutely.  Jeff: Kitchen supplies. [applause] pots, pan, utensil, oil, spice, and with  all these supply, you need something to cook, nice plate of sausage. A nice  way to celebrate your first victory as a new tribe. In addition, because  nobody is going back to the white collar beach, any reward won by the white  collar tribe is also part of this reward today. It will give one tribe a  massive head start. Shall we get to it? Take a minute to strategize and we'll  get it on. All right. We have our matchups. It is Jenn up against Joaquin,  Max against Joe, Mike squaring off against will and Tyler taking on Kelly.  Launching for Escameca, out of the gate it's Rodney. For Nagarote it is Shirin.  Playing to five. Here we go. Survivors ready? And launch. First score for Nagarote.  Joe scores for Escameca. We are tied out of the gate, 1-1.  Keep it up.  I got you.  Jeff: Here we go. Sierra is launching and Carolyn launching. Survivors ready?  Go. Sierra in the air.  You got it, Joe.  Jeff: Joe scoops one up for Escameca. Carolyn in the air. Tyler scoops one up  for Escameca. Two points for Escameca in that round. It is 3-1. We're playing  to 5. Dan now firing for Escameca. Hali in for Nagarote. Here we go. Survivors  ready? Launch. Dan in the air.  Got it.  I got you, baby.  Jeff: Joaquin with a nice score for Escameca.  Right at you!  Got it.  Jeff: Joe just misses for the win.  One more, one more, one more. One more.  Jeff: Escameca dominating this challenge. It is now Sierra and Shirin. Escameca  one point away from a big reward. Nagarote trying to play defense out there  and make sure nobody on the blue side scores. Here we go. Survivors ready?  Launch. Both balls in the air. Will scores, but it will not matter, Mike  scores for Escameca. Escameca wins first reward as their new tribe.  Good job, guys. Good job, guys. Good job, guys.  Jeff: All right, Escameca, nice reward. Come get it. Enjoy your afternoon.  Yeah.  Jeff: All of the reward from the white collar beach will be waiting for you  back at camp. All right. Nagarote, got nothing for you. Grab your stuff, head  back to camp.  When we got the word we were switching teams, I was so excited, and I opened  it up, and I’m with Max and Shirin. What, are the Survivor gods trying to  kill me?  Great job, guys. [all speaking at once]  so we've got three no collars, three white collars and one blue collar, Kelly.  So immediately I’m like, we got to get Kelly on our side, but I wanted things  to be slow and feel people out, because our camp is so laid back, our no  collar camp, we can sit back and watch, and our plan just comes to us.  Just f.y.i., we usually do beans in the morning and rice at night.  Shirin is an amazing Survivor coach.  Welcome to the kitchen.  There are two things we do with the coconut, I don't know how big of fans you  russia but that's helped me be a cook.  I know this game really well, not just historical facts but strategy. We have  three no collar, three white collar and one blue collar. I’m in one of the  power trios, so the simplest route is to stick with white collar and pull  over the blue collar.  I keep saying it, but I’m so glad that you're here, Hali, Carolyn.  Still on your tribe.  They were like the only cool people on my tribe.  I am an undercover cop. This is like going into a house the buy drugs from  people you totally don't even know. You have to start talking. You have to  build their trust. You don't have time to wait because your life depends on  it, but this isn't as bad as I thought. Maybe I’m in a good position because I’m  the swing vote.  You and Max, I just felt, yeah, this is awesome. And Carolyn, too.  We want the play with you.  Absolutely. I’m definitely in.  I talked to Kelly, threw her a little bait. She bit and then we just  solidified something. It was very wink, wink, hush, hush, we'll talk more  later, but yes.  Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to camp Escameca.  This looks like the ritz-carlton compared to where we were.  Are you serious?  Oh, yeah. The new essec basically four blue collars.  Joaquin, nice the meet owe, bro.  Two white collar and one no collar.  We've got the majority, so the numbers couldn't have worked out better in our  favor.  No idea after last night's vote, but with Dan and Rodney cutting into Sierra  last night, it definitely causes concern. These three guys could woo Sierra  over. I’m going to have to make sure she doesn't get too close to somebody  and get swayed over to the other side.  My mother is 64, but if you see her, you'd maybe hit on her. That's how good  she looks. She looks young.  Rob, what are the tattoos?  This one says, even though i'll never see you again, you'll always be my big  sister. Two years ago I came home and found my sister dead. It was crazy,  probably the worst thing that ever happened in my life.  Rodney's gone through a lot of struggles, but mind's straight. Like a bunch  of my friends back home, i'll feel him out, try learn as much as possible and  work them like i've been working everybody on my last tribe.  Somebody want to go with me to grab water?  Yep.  Are all my tribe mates gone?  Yeah.  I’m so grateful you guys are here. You have no idea. Like the second I threw  my buff on the ground, I was so excited to get away from those people and I happen  to get stuck with three of them again.  Glory, glory, I’m latching on the anything I can grab on to because these  people suck and treat me like dirt.  Sierra seems to be kind of the broken puppy. These things are good. As i've  always said, bring me your poor, your tired, your huddled Survivors. Like I want  the broken people to come with me and be on my tribe.  Those people were so mean to me.  I martin seemungal talking with the three guys, which makes me a little nervous  because if Joe, Joaquin and Tyler can get Sierra, then it's me and Dan and  rod nism we need her as a number. In this game of Survivor, if you do not  have the numbers, you go home. * o say can you see * what so proudly we  hailed  the chick with the long hair, I don't know her name, but I don't like her. I don't  know. I just don't like her. Maybe it's her voice.  I’m a professional whistler. [whistling]  i haven't even been around her for 12 hours and I know most of her life and I  know things that I never wanted to know.  I think I’m going to go try the poop. If I don't try, it will never happen,  right?  She hasn't stopped talking since we got here. It's driving me insane. Like  just shut up, man. Like just sit. You all right, bro? What happened?  I got a stingray.  Get some water.  I today was stung by a sting way, not once, but twice. So I hobbled in off  the beach, i've got blood powrlg out of my feet.  You got to stick that in warm water. It's a little hot.  Fortunately for me, we have a former lifeguard on the tribe, Jenn immediately  sprung into action. She took a pot of boiling water that was meant for  drinking, pulled it from the fire and said, put your feet in there and don't  take them out.  I’m so excited to be able to swim.  Thank you so much.  Yeah.  "Survivor" is no joke. Sitting there with my feet in scalding  water, I suddenly forgot I had that robbing animal inflicted wounds because  my feet were on fire from the boiling water they were sitting in.  What's on the boston um of your foot? Is that a plantar's...  Yes.  So Max sticks both of his feet in our drinking water pot. It's been like an  hour they're soaking. Then he lifts his foot up. He has a plantar's wart the  side of a quarter in our drinking water. I’m like, Max, warts are contagious,  that's disgusting.  We have to boil more water.  Anyone who would stick their warty feet in the tribe's drinking water for  hours when we're thirsty has his mind on one person, himself, and his  stingray feet. It was disgusting.  He's been on my nerves.  Max and Shirin are so annoying. And they may think it's 3-3, no collar  against white collar, not happening. So I’m thinking, all right, Carolyn,  patience is a virtue, don't go crazy, but to blindside them would be so  sweet. You just can't even imagine.  What I’m worried right now is Sierra is now a swing vote.  That's what I tried to tell you guys. Law off of her a little bit, but you  and Rodney had to just dig into her instead of taking the opportunity of  reeling her back in, you already had it set in your mind that she was gone.  We had to have Sierra's vote, right or wrong?  We have to have Sierra's loyalty. If you don't have her loyalty, you don't  have her vote.  Dan, just listen to what I’m telling you. Shut your mouth, apologize and  let's move forward.  Time to play nice, Dan.  Okay. I'll take Sierra off, ask her if she's willing to go for a walk with me  and say, listen, I was upset and I’m sorry. I did not try to tell you that I didn't  think you pulled your weight.  Don't even do none of that.  I’m sorry. I just want to apologize.  The only thing she would love to hear in my personal experience with women,  they don't want the explanation, they just want to hear you say they're sorry  so they can be right.  Dude, you're half my age. Okay. I have talked to so many more girls than you  have, it's silly. Dude, dude, I got Sierra. I got this.  Can we please talk it out?  But, of course, I come back and have to sit at the fire and get attacked. You  just picked the wrong time.  I don't disagree, and I own, that but what hurt me was you attacked me, and  that was okay.  No.  But when I gave it back to you, it's not.  It was the wrong place and the wrong time.  I’m seeing what we did, absolutely, exactly the same things, but for some  reason you take yours as more of a slight than mine, and I don't understand  why.  It's not the same. You come back from tribal and your name has been written  down twice.  I’m all excited to go into a challenge to help.  It's not going to get anywhere. If you're sorry, you don't go into an apology  saying, I’m sorry that I made you feel that way, but you did it to me, that's  why.  I’m not trying to belittle it, but we both said some pretty not nice things  to each other.  It was the crappiest apology i've ever received on my life.  We can turn on each other or look each other in the eye.  Can we just keep walking.  I have two separate alliances coming at me saying, we need you as our fourth.  I want to go where I’m wanted, and I don't think that's with the blue  collars.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to today's immunity  challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: First things first, let's take back the idol. Both pieces. Once again  immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, two members from each  tribe will place pots on a sled and drag it through a series of obstacles.  Once you reach the finish, replace the pots on stands and head back. Once all  of the pots are in place, one tribe member will use a wrecking ball to smash  the pots. First tribe to finish wins immunity, safe from the vote. Losers go  to tribal council where somebody will be the fifth person voted out of this  game. Give you a minute to strategize and we'll get started. All right. Here  we go. For immunity, Survivors ready? Go! It is Joaquin and Tyler, and Jenn  and Hali.  Pull, push, pull, push.  Jeff: Joaquin and Tyler out. Jenn and Hali doing a good job. This is going to  take a lot of physical effort. Escameca is going to have an advantage simply  because they have a lot of men, a lot more strength. Jenn and Hali are  digging in.  Will let's go, girls.  Let's go, ladies. Good job.  Jeff: Joaquin and Tyler out the an early lead, but it is not over until all  the pots are there and broken. Jenn and Hali made up some time. Get them on  the stands.  You got it.  Jeff: Joaquin and Tyler heading back. There you go. Hali and Jenn racing  back. Go back through the obstacle course before the next pair can go. Joaquin  and Tyler are back. Joe and Rodney are now out. They're moving quickly. Hali  and Jenn really slowing down on the way back, showing you how much effort it  takes to drag this sled through the mud. Now Carolyn and Kelly going to have  to do a big job to catch up to Joe and Rodney, two very fit guys. Carolyn and  Kelly digging, not quitting. You can see just by the amount of effort how tough  it is in this heavy mud. Joe and Rodney have their sleds. They're heading  back. Kelly and Carolyn still fighting to stay in this. Here comes Sierra and  Mike now for Escameca, turning into a blowout right now. Kelly and Carolyn  with their next two pots. Place them and head back. Here comes Mike and Sierra  with the final two pots for Escameca.  Pull the sled, both of you.  Jeff: Nagarote has a lot of time to make up.  Both pull.  Jeff: Both women exhausted. Sierra and Mike have placed their loss last two pots.  They're heading back now for Escameca.  Come on, ladies.  Jeff: Mike and Sierra are about to lap Carolyn and Kelly, putting an  exclamation point on the uneven tribe. Now everybody from Escameca heads  back.  Come on. Push, guys.  Jeff: Escameca has all six of their pots. They're all heading back, while Shirin  and Max, the final pair for Nagarote, very far behind right now.  Go, Dan. Here's your time to shine.  Jeff: Dan going to be on the wrecking ball first for Escameca. Here comes Shirin  and Max. They have some nice momentum. They're picking up some time. Will it  be enough? Dan smashes the first pot for Escameca. Nagarote, you got to move!   Oh, yeah.  Jeff: Dan smashes a second pot. Dan smashes a third pot.  Good job, Dan.  Jeff: Shirin and Max heading back. They got to get all the way back.  Hard, Danny, hard!  Jeff: Dan smashes a fourth. He's got four left.  Hard, brother, hard.  Jeff: There's five and number six. Dan is a human wrecking ball. There goes  number seven. He's got one left. Here comes Nagarote. It may not even matter.  Dan has one pot left. This could be it right here.  Bang.  Jeff: And it is. Escameca wins immunity, safe from tribal council. Well, Escameca,  that wasn't even close, a blowout. Immunity for Escameca.  I'll happily take it. Thank you.  Jeff: Nobody going home for Escameca. Grab your stuff, head back to camp,  enjoy the night off. Nagarote, tribal council tonight, somebody will be the  fifth person voted out of this game. Grab your stuff, head back to camp, see  you tonight at tribal.  The hardest thing about that challenge for me was not smiling too big after  we lost it. I’m really happy to go to tribal council and change the dynamic  around my camp.  I don't think there's anything we could have done with that one.  I think we did what we could. We played valiantly, tried as hard as we could  until the last minute. Never give up.  I’m very excited to get on with the game "Survivor." the blind  sides, the double crossing, that's really what I signed on for. And finally I’m  going to have another chance to get to do it tonight.  Before we left I went through all of the "Survivor" winners, I think  capricorns won "Survivor" the most.  Really?  Then after this there were a couple leos.  Cool. Thanks. Bye. I've seen every season of "Survivor." I’m a huge  fan of the game, but Max knows every little detail about everything that's  ever happened on "Survivor." it's crazy. Like why do you know this  much? Why do you remember like little... It's like people that remember like  the '96 bulls game against the heat on like october 13th or whenever  basketball happens.  What are you thinking for tonight?  I don't know that I like Max or Shirin. I don't know if the three yellow will  stay together and we need to grab Kelly or what we're going to do right now.  I mean, I like Kelly.  I like Kelly, too. It's just matter of if she wants to go with us.  Will's going to stay with us?  Obviously.  We'll have to wait and see. We need to start thinking about what we want to  do.  Tribal tonight, it will come down to Kelly because she's a swing vote.  Between no collar and white collar. So Kelly being the swing vote is in the  power position. What if we just get a majority apart from them two, vote off Shirin  and then take Max in because we need him for challenges?  I like that. I like that.  Okay.  Okay. So from my point of view, there's in way we're going to win any  challenges between now and the merge.  The only thing is this, I think we need to blind side...  We came into the mix up with a classic "Survivor" split. Three no  collars, three white collars and Kelly from the blue collar tribe in the  middle. White collar was most aggressive about pursuing Kelly at that crucial  swing vote. Shirin was doing a lot of hard work up front. And I feel pretty  confident that we're able to secure her.  Okay. You got it. Sounds like a plan.  We're good.  At the end of the day, we've got all the brains over here, we've got skinny  girls which are great for so many challenges. We've got great swimmers over  here. Will can't do any of those things. And I think without him, we actually  have a really strong chance of winning.  By the way, just brilliant, that's all I wanted to say to you.  Yeah, yeah.  I’m pretty sure I’m in the power seat tonight. I’m pretty sure I’m the one  that orchestrated everything that is going down. I’m the one who decided it's  going to be will. Does it impact me all that much? Not really.  Kelly was there amps we hashed it out with her.  What's the plan?  Get rid of her?  On paper Kelly looks like the swing vote, and Max and Shirin think I’m 100%  in with them, but I’m a swing vote. I can take that power away from Kelly and  be four strong with the no collars and we're good to go. So I think a  fabulous blind side may be in the making.  What are you thinking? Anything?  I’m kind of obviously not like my people. But we've got us three and three. Kelly's  the one. I don't know how close you are with them.  I’m in the a part of that three.  I will tell you, they tell you I’m part of the three. If you guys are in, I’m  150% not even with them.  That makes our life so much easier.  I’m excited because it sounds like everyone hates most of the white collars.  No one can stand Max. No one can stand Shirin. And we have Carolyn. So we  have the numbers. We'll control the game. I’m so glad you're with us.  So good to know.  Carolyn, she said great.  I just don't want to avoid any sort of potential unexpected events tonight.  Why did they let us know they know that much about "Survivor," Max and  Shirin? I don't think she's stopped talking since we got here.  She will never vote out Max. They're like this.  So do you feel totally on the outs with them?  Totally. They're scheming.  I say get rid of them two.  The no-collar tribe, they're tight. Carolyn's in the tight with with the  white collar. So it wouldn't benefit me to stay with Shirin and Max.  Let's decide who we're going to go for right now.  I don't know how much we need Max in challenges. But Shirin talks so much.  The debate tonight is between Max and Shirin, who is the most annoying. I think  it's about neck and neck, because neither one of them will shut up and they  won't stop strategizing. They will just go off by the fire and leave us and  just strategize, strategize, strategize.  I just don't know whether they could be over there scheming about something.  It's like who is more annoying. I can't decide. Who is more annoying? Max or Shirin?  It's exactly like a horse race? No, here comes Max with his foot wart. No,  here's Shirin. No, here's Max again, who's going to get voted out tonight.  Who's most annoying? I don't know. We'll see. We'll find out tonight at  tribal.  Jeff: Okay. So after the switch we end up with three white collars, three no  collars and Kelly from the blue collar tribe. Shirin, what did you notice  when all seven people got together?  From my perspective, it felt like a brand-new home to me. We all gelled  really quickly in a way that white collar never did, and... You're making a  face.  Jeff: I am?  Yes. Like I’m delusional. No. Okay. Sorry.  Jeff: Hold on. Let me check myself, because maybe the botox isn't working. It  seems weird that I would make a reaction to you saying it feels like a new  home. That seems like an ordinary comment to make.  You just look really intense.  Jeff: Okay. Well, that's just me.  Okay.  Jeff: Kelly, did you feel the same unity even though you're from three  different tribes?  There's been a few things that have gone down at the tribe that have been a  little uncomfortable.  Jeff: Like what?  Um...  Jeff: Why is that funny?  Because you're hitting at something that's emerging from the unique situation  we find ourselves in, that on paperer this tribe is a disaster. It's like the  swamp for "Survivor" one world. You had one time that seemed to get  every tall, athletic fit person, and the other ended up with colton and  tarzan and they self-identified as misfits. If we're giving you an  inauthentic couple buy yaw, we're trying the trick ourselves into thinking we  have chance. [laughter]  Jeff: Why are you laugh, Jenn?  I’m laughing at his knowledge from every single season. I’m like, how do you  remember that? How do you know that? Why do you know that?  I have a hard time remembering everyone's here name.  Guilty as charged. I know it's not necessarily healthy. There's something in  my d.n.a. I don't know my mom's cell phone number, but I do know what  happened at the swap in "one world." that's what speed dial is for,  right?  Jeff: Shirin, you wear this love of the game as a badge of honor, not  something to be embarrassed about.  Yeah, "Survivor" has always been my life dream, so I have a lot of  respect for this game and I’m souping everybody preach yailts my super  fandom, but I think everybody knows that I’m a little bit of an overthinking  obsessive type.  Jeff: Max, can you relate to that?  Certainly. Listen, I know it's not necessarily healthy. I know it's the sort  of thing that lands a lot of type a personalities in the hospital with a  coronary at age 47, and I certainly hope that through my mandatory relaxation  I can avoid that sort of fate.  Jeff: Wait. Mandatory relaxation?  I have to make myself relax or else I just won't.  Jeff: Will, do you pick up on that?  Absolutely. And that frustrates me in the camp. You got Shirin and Max going  off to the fire and just talk, just... I don't know if they're strategizing.  They do that constantly every single day.  Jeff: Hali, let's talk about the vote, because you can't change the fact that  you're outmatched physically by the other tribe. So what do you base the vote  on?  There are strategic votes that could happen. There's loyalty votes that could  happen. And there's quality of life votes that could happen. And after  tonight's vote, I think that it will be a much more pleasant camp life for  all of us.  Jeff: Will, do you think it's going to be a blind side tonight?  Um, yeah. I do.  Jeff: Shirin, feel right to you that it's going to be a blind side, as well?  Yeah, I do think it's a blind side. Could be me and then it's definitely a  blind side, but, yeah, I think there are some advantages to a blind side that  help keep team unity. Typically you're blind siding somebody because there is  some unpleasantness or someone is not fitting in, so a blind side is a way of  putting an end to that and moving on.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Max, you're up.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want the play it, now would be the time to do so.  Hey, Jeff, hold up, bro. I just always wanted to say that.  Bianca: Okay. Once the votes are read, the decision is final. Person voted  out will be asked to leave the tribal council area immediately. I'll read the  votes. First vote, will. Will. Two votes will. Max. Max. Two votes will, two  votes Max. That's three votes Max, two votes will. Fifth person voted out,  Max. That's four, that's enough. You need to bring me your torch. Max, the  tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Well, if blind sides do indeed bring  more tribal unity, then you guys should be one very tight group. Grab your  torches. Head back to camp. Good night. Captioning sponsored by Survivor  productions, cbs captioned by media access group at wgbh  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor"...  I like apples and on, brother.  Jeff: Rodney finds a new partner in crime.  I was looking for a bromance, a new partner to chill with.  His old partners aren't in love.  I think he wants to screw us.  Rodney and Joaquin are a power couple. They have to be split up immediately.  It's a little uncomfy. I think the 14 days I spent out here only deepened my  love and appreciation for this game. Most of all it deepened my appreciation  for how difficult it is to play it. I’m truly humbled. I’m awed and I’m  thrill I got to live out my dream of playing "Survivor."