<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor"... Drop your buffs. We are switching  things up. After a surprise switch, Kelly was the only blue-collar member on  an undermanned Nagarote tribe.  I am definitely scared to death.  Jeff: While the rest of the blue-collar tribe enjoyed a 4-3 advantage, but  not all of them were happy.  I feel like my old tribe are crappy people, but I have three new people.  It's a whole different ballgame.  Jeff: Back at camp, Rodney grew close.  Rodney is like my friends back home.  I’m so grateful you guys are here.  Jeff: While Sierra tried to distance herself from her former tribe.  I want to go where I’m wanted, and I don't think that's with the blue  collars.  Jeff: At the last immunity challenge... Escameca wins immunity, safe from  tribal. Max and Shirin battle for title of most annoying tribe mate.  Is that plantar's?  Who is more annoying? It's exactly like a horse race. Is it Shirin? No, here  comes Max with his foot wart.  Jeff: At tribal council, Max won. Fifth person voted out. Leaving Shirin all  alone. Max, the tribe has spoken. 13 are left. Who will be voted out tonight?   Max was a friend of mine and my closest ally in this game, and I was totally  blind sided. It's a heartbreaker.  Are you not going to work with me from now on?  I don't know, Shirin. I don't know that I can trust you. Every single day the  only person you ever talked to is Max.  Max talked to me.  No, Shirin, you were his little puppet. We've been here for three days.  I've been trying to spend all my time with him.  Exactly. Why? I felt we were buds.  We needed numbers.  Well, when I think loyalty, I think real loyalty, not fake loyalty.  Is anyone left in this game willing the play with me? I don't think so.  That's a sad realization. Is that something about me and about my  personality? What do I have to change?  I guess you were kind of shaken up by last night?  Yeah. I really thought it was going to be will. It was hard.  Max did annoying things that were getting under everyone's skin. And then  like if you want me to be straight, they were saying you did some annoying  things, too.  It's really hard me because I find myself in this game in a position that's  analogous to where I grew up. I grew up in rich orange county suburb where  the majority of my classmates were beautiful and skinny, and I stood out for  not being any of those things. And I constantly felt like I was fighting for  people to like me, like I was fighting for people to see the good qualities  in me, and I think this probably... There's probably a lot of this scenario  tapping into that. I’m trying to do now which I was incapable of doing back  then, which is deal with it, adapt, fix it.  It's fourth day, and I had to go down to the water. And wave took my  underwear. No underwear.  Banana hammock underwear.  It was a banana hammock. It was not a thong. It did not go up my butt, okay.  I've been on these beach with the same people telling the same garbage over  and over and over again. It's absolutely miserable. I was hoping in the  switch up I could get some new energy, maybe get matched up with some people  I know are like me.  Sick of being around the same damn people. Same story over and over again.  That's why we got to stay together so we can keep ourselves sane here.  I was so happy joaq was one of those faces. One guy is a bible bumper from  texas, a hick from maine, another one is from utah. I feel like i've been  waiting for some type of connection in this game, you know what I mean? I was  looking for maybe a little bromance, maybe a homey to chill. With  i don't think I trust Mike because he's a southern boy. He goes church every  sunday. Do you go to church every sunday. He goes to church every sunday.  We're having sunday fun day. He doesn't have sex.  In way.  He's celibate. He hasn't had sex in like eight years.  You're lying?  I swear to god. What do we have in common. You don't drink, you don't party.  Joaquin is a potential dude I can work with. We're both about girls. We're  both about having fun, partying, not settling down.  We've developed a relationship, we're like apples and oranges. So obvious,  you know what I mean?  I know, I know. And I can tell from like first time I saw you, you work hard.   We work hard. We party harder. It's simple. If you make it to the end, you  got my vote. So you automatically.  I want the money to stay on the east coast.  Yeah.  Miami, me and you.  Absolutely brother.  I’m going to be batman. He can be robin. We might have to screw some people  over eventually. In the meantime, nobody knows what I’m doing. All these  fools who think I’m dumb, he talks like an idiot, wait until you see what I got  planned for this game.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Escameca getting your first look at the new Nagarote  tribe. Max voted out at the last tribal council. All right. You guys ready to  get to today's reward challenge?  Absolutely.  Jeff: On my go, both tribes will race up a tower and through a series of obstacles.  Once you're at the top, one at a time tribe members will launch sandbags  attempting to hit targets out in the field. First tribe to hit all six  targets wins reward. Want to know what you're playing for?  Oh, yeah, we do.  Jeff: This evening the winning tribe will witness a truly magical event.  You'll be taken to a turtle sanctuary where under the stars you will watch  turtles migrating from the sea back to the beach where they were born to lay  eggs to continue their life cycle. While you're witnessing and enjoying this  natural wonder, you will feast on beef stew, mac and cheese.  Talk to me, Jeff.  Jeffrey!  Jeff: Hot chocolate. I know it's worth playing for. Escameca, you have one  extra person. Sitting somebody out. Cannot sit out the same person in  back-to-back challenges. Dan, take a spot on the bench. Everybody else, give  you a minute to strategize. We'll get started. All right. Here we go. For  reward, Survivors ready? Go! First stage is getting up this massive tower and  through the obstacles.  There you go, guys. All right.  Jeff: Nagarote flying up. Escameca flying up.  Go, go, go.  Jeff: Got to watch your footing as you make your way across that rope bridge.  Escameca is flying through this.  You got it. You got it.  Jeff: Nagarote trying to keep up.  Nice, nice, nice.  Jeff: Escameca is burning through this. Once everybody's to the bell, first  person can go up. Start launching sandbags. It's going to be Rodney for Escameca.  Will pulling up the rear for Nagarote. Once again a big early lead for Escameca.  Rodney launches the first bag. He's short. Way short.  Come on, Jenn.  Jeff: Jenn going to the top for Nagarote. It is Rodney for Escameca, Jenn for  Nagarote. Rodney launches again. Just short. Here goes Jenn for Nagarote. Jenn  scores the first hit for Nagarote. Kelly coming out now. Nagarote has an  early lead. Rodney scores for Escameca. We're tied 1-1678 here comes Joaquin  now for Escameca. Here comes the wind that's going the really send them  flying.  Come on, Kelly.  Jeff: Kelly scores for Nagarote. Nagarote leads 2-1. Joaquin fires. Just  misses. Hali now up for Nagarote.  Good shot.  Jeff: Joaquin scores for Escameca. We're tied 2-2. Hali with a shot at that  same target. She's off. Here comes Sierra. We're tied once again. 2-2. Six  targets total. Sierra launches.  Good job.  Jeff: And hits on her first shot. Escameca now in the lead 3-2. Here comes Mike.  Mike fires, going for the short target. Just misses. Hali just misses. Hali  coming down. Going to send somebody else up.  It's all right. It's all right.  Jeff: Carolyn now firing for Nagarote. Mike for Escameca.  Oh, oh, oh.  Jeff: And he's got it. Escameca scores their fourth. Escameca leads 4-2. Six  targets total. Carolyn, you got to get it going. Carolyn, looks good, and it  is. Nagarote scores their third. It is 4-3. Nagarote closes the gap. Here  goes Joe looking for number five.  You got it, Joe. You got it, Joe.  Jeff: Just misses. Shirin now up for Nagarote. Sitting on her butt. And she  hits.  Yes!  Jeff: We're tied, 4-4. Two targets left for both tribes. Here comes will.  Will scores for Escameca. Escameca now with one target left. Escameca leads  5-4.  Good job, will. You got this.  Jeff: Will has got to keep moving. Will scores for Nagarote. We're tied  again. And it's 5-5. This is it.  Come on, Jenn!  Jeff: Jenn back up for Nagarote. Tyler for Escameca. This is it. Just misses  for Escameca.  Come on, Jenn. You got this. You can do it.  Jeff: There it is! Nagarote wins reward.  I believe that we can win. I believe that we can win! I believe that we can  win!  Jeff: That was an exciting challenge and Nagarote did win. I really think  you're going to have a special night tonight. Grab your stuff, head back to  camp. Enjoy your evening. Escameca, got nothing for you. Grab your stuff.  Head back to camp.  Winning the reward is huge for me. That gives me a chance to bond with these  people better. At this point I kind of have to because my butt is on the  line.  Is that a pillow? Oh, my god. [cheering] oh, my god.  Winning the reward was beautiful. It was like david and goliath, like all you  need was to put a slingshot in our hand and we took down that giant.  I’m getting a bite of that.  And then as if that weren't enough, extra special macaroni and cheese, tons  of beef stew. I felt like my first child was born, like that's how excited I was  about this reward.  Look, there's utensil, guys.  Wow, this is like solid cheese. You're going to freak out.  Being the underdogs that we are, we were down and out and then we picked  ourselves up and we won.  Do you want some hot chocolate?  The team is definitely gelling, even Shirin, we're tolerating her at this  point.  They're eating rice, we're eating beef. Yeah, baby.  Rodney is going to be like, I would have destroyed that thing. What a tool.  Reward was really good for me. I was super excited to bond over a meal and  maybe even all get sick together, which didn't happen.  Nagarote!  Nagarote!  And getting to look for turtles on the beach.  Okay, guys. We'll see some turtles. Grab your flash light and let's go.  It gave me a chance to connect with them on a human level and that's like my  best shot at staying in the game right now. I think we all did that. I think  we all had a magical time together.  Oh, wow.  You have the turtle here.  They're so huge.  Oh, my gosh.  I think that's the biggest turtle i've ever seen.  Wow, that thing is big.  She comes from the water. She starts digging the hole and then laying 120  eggs. Only one will survive.  Wow.  The turtle guide told us how the sea turtles haul their giant selves up this  beach, dig a hole, lay 100 some odd eggs and only one of those eggs maybe  will make it to the ocean.  That's unbelievable.  She's covering it up now.  Yeah, she's covering the nest.  That's really awesome. It made me realize the turtle chances in life are way  worse odds than me winning "Survivor."  she's protecting the eggs.  I have a one in 14 chance at winning $1 million, compared to a one in 100  chance at living, so that's cool.  I wanted that mac and cheese so bad. So bad.  I’m about to bring up that crab trap.  I’m going to see if I can get some fish.  You and Dan have an issue?  I have an issue with all of them. The day that I knew we were going to switch  was the best day of my life.  I'll give you the chance to give it right back to them. I’m so excited. These  blue collars, they were in shambles. Sierra was the odd woman out, which is  perfect. So it's basically like, here you go, Joaquin. You have all the  ammunition. It's like an easy layup for me. Obviously it's me and Tyler, you  know that. Tyler's the most trustworthy, honest, genuine person in this camp.   I get that.  The thing is Joe is really strong. We don't want Joe playing too far into the  game. And you and Rodney are like...  No.  Get out of here.  Not even Rodney?  No.  We need four.  You want me to suck up to Rodney?  I think I can take care of rod nism right off the bat we hit it off.  I feel like the people from my old tribe suck, and I don't trust them. So my  biggest connection at this point is with Joaquin. He makes me feel comfortable.  He looks me straight in the eye. He's like one of my bros from home. He's  also tight with Tyler, and these two seem to be the most trust worthy people  i've met to date. However, Joaquin's tight with Rodney, who is just awful. I just  don't know if I can play this game with him.  I know you probably don't want nothing to do with any of them.  I need somebody honest. I’m literally reaching for straws at this point.  What's up, champ?  How do you feel about these guys?  I like this right here. Sierra is still mad at me.  I had a conversation with her.  You can't get mad at people and hold grudges.  Sierra got mad at me because I said some bad things about her, but guess  what, this is a game. Tables turn and time heals all. In order to win this  game, I have to put myself in the best position and get the numbers.  They can't know.  You got Tyler.  This is going to be a walk. A walk.  If it's me, Joaquin, Sierra and Tyler all on the same page and when the time  come, I can flip and take over this entire game.  We did have a little beef.  Prime time story. Prime time story to tell for the rest of your life.  At this point I’m in a great position. I have so many numbers it's not even  fun eye. I can see my hand being raised like rocky balboa winning this damn  thing at the end.  Let me tell you something, me and joaq are like this. I have him like this,  like a yoyo. You know what I’m saying? This kid, he's going to listen to  anything I say. We have to make sure these challenges get blown, Joe's going  first. I’m telling you, put your trust in me, i've been thinking about this  plan all day. All day, all night long. When Joe goes, I develop trust with  joac. This is my idea. I present it to Mike. If we blow next immunity and get  it out of this game before we go to the merge, who do we have to deal with?  We have this game on lock. Before we get ahead of ourselves, we have to make  sure the challenge gets thrown or this whole plan gets screwed.  Don't get me wrong, it wouldn't hurt my feeling if we lost.  Rodney and his great vast plan of, oh, I’m such an amazing strategist and I’m  so good at this game thinks we should throw a challenge so we can get rid of Joe.  Very rarely in the game of "Survivor" does it work out in your  favor to throw challenges. But in this particular instance, I think we have a  very special situation. My real alliance is with Kelly, who poor girl is on  the other side all by herself, but I think Kelly's a fighter, enough that  she'll find a way to make it to the merge, especially if we can throw a  couple challenges and keep her safe.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to today's immunity  challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: First thing first. Joaquin . First things first. Drop the curtain and  recreate it once you have it memorized. First to get it right scores a point.  First tribe to score three wins immunity, safe from the vote, losers go to  tribal council where somebody will be the sixth person voted out of this  game. Escameca, you have one extra person. It is somebody out. Who is it  going to be? All right. Joaquin, take spot on the sit-out bench. Everybody  else take a minute to strategize. We'll get started. All right. First pair  come on up. It is Rodney taking on Carolyn. Immunity on the line. First  round. Here we go. Carolyn drops on Rodney. Rodney looks confused. Now it's a  race to get the items up there and get on your mat. Six items. That's a lot  to remember. Carolyn she's first on her mat. Carolyn had it first. She has  jug, human skull, animal skull, can that bra, message in a bottle. You are  right.  Yes.  Yeah.  Jeff: Nagarote leads 1-0. Next pair is Sierra taking on Hali.  You got this, Hali.  Jeff: Here we go. They both drop at the same time. Sierra heading back. Hali  coming back. Who is going to finish first, and will they be right? Sierra  quickly with two items.  You got this, Sierra.  You got it, Hali.  Trust your gut.  Jeff: Hali thinks she has it. She steps on the mat. Hali was first. She has  lantern, large candle, message in the bottle, candlestick holder, candle law  bra and brown jug. Hali is right. Nagarote leads 2-0. Next pair come on over.  Next two. It is Joe taking on will. Could be the final matchup of this  challenge. Will can win it for his tribe right here. Here we go. Joe races  back. Will right on his tail. Joe needs to get it right to keep his tribe  alive. Joe thinks he has it. Steps on his matt. Will on his matt. Joe has big  candle, candlestick holder, candelabra, lantern, big candle. Joe is right. Nagarote  leads 2-1. Playing to three. Next two. It is Shirin taking on Dan. Nagarote  could win it right here.  Let's go, Shirin.  Jeff: Dan pulls it. Racing back. Could be the final matchup of this  challenge.  Come on, Shirin.  Jeff: Dan is making some progress. Dan thinks he has it. He's on his mat. Shirin  steps on her matt. Dan has brown jug, lantern, message in a bottle, animal  skull, large candle, candlestick. Dan is right. We're tied 2-2.  Sorry. I feel bad.  Jeff: This is it. Next two.  Bring it home, baby. Bring it home.  Jeff: It is a showdown for the win and immunity. Mike versus Kelly. Two blue  collars now on opposite tribes.  You got this. Come on. Deep breaths.  Come on, kel.  Jeff: Six items. It is 2-2. Here we go. Kelly pulls. Mike still looking at a  curtain. The curtain was closed.  I have no idea.  Bianca: Mike thinks he has it. Kelly thinks she has it. Mike is wrong. Kelly,  think you're right or wrong?  Wrong.  Jeff: Yeah. Kelly is wrong. Both wrong. Reset and go again.  Come on, Kelly. Come on, Kelly. You got it.  You got this, babe. You got this. We are tied.  Listen to me. I’m giving it to you. Just listen to what I say. I’m giving it  to you.  Jeff: It is the same six items. Here's your second shot at it.  One and five are the skulls. Two bottles in the middle and two things to  light.  Jeff: Kelly pulls. Both racing back. Only six items proving very difficult  for two blue collars. Kelly trying again to memorize six simple items. You  don't get hit the round, I’m going the move it back the five items.  Got it.  Jeff: Mike's back first. Kelly is back. Mike is wrong again. Kelly, you're  shaking your head.  Yeah. I’m wrong.  Jeff: You are wrong. We're going the lose one item and make it five items.  Come on back.  Come on, Kelly. You got it.  Jeff: Six items proved too difficult. We'll go back to five items. &gt;&gt;ly  call out the order, but I’m going to switch the bottles.  Jeff: Here we go.  You have the two bottles and the candelabra.  Gotcha.  Mike draws five items this time. Someone is going to get it right.  Look at mine and switch the bottles.  Jeff: It's almost like they're waiting for the other to step on the matt and  end the misery. Mike got to his mat a step before Kelly. That is not right. Kelly  has human skull, brown jug, message in a bottle, candelabra and animal skull.  If Kelly's right, Nagarote wins immunity, safe from tribal council. You guys  are certain, and you are right. Nagarote wins immunity sending Escameca to  tribal council where somebody will be the sixth person voted out of this  game. Nagarote, congratulationings. Big win, no tribal council tonight.  Yeah, baby.  Jeff: Escameca, tribal council tonight where somebody will be the sixth  person voted out of this game. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. See you  tonight at tribal.  When I knew Mike was throwing the challenge and helping me out, I think  that's first time I total ever trusted somebody. I can't wait to get back  with my blue collar tribe, where I belong.  I wish you would have went instead of me.  Listen, I could have done exactly like you guys. I could have done worse.  It's life. It goes on.  Sorry, y'all.  By throwing the challenge today, a little something inside of me died in this  game. I’m not going to lie to you.  But here's the deal, I’m starting to not trust Rodney. I got this girl giving  me this little person of rice.  Joaquin is just drafting Rodney in every second, more and more, and in this  game, whenever you start showing you're too close to somebody, youk with a  power couple, and the power couples have to be split up before they can start  making power moves.  Hey, here's what we need to talk about. We need to talk about tribal tonight.   Okay. Listen, Joe is going first, bro. Joe is going.  We got everybody on board. -- he has no idea. It's over.  100%?  We already know what it is, brother.  We know what's up.  Today at the challenge, we came to do one thing and one thing only, and that  was to blow it. Mission accomplished. Mike looked like an absolute idiot,  which was hilarious, but it worked out perfectly. Now we'll get Joe out of  here. He's a threat, so he's going home now.  Bro, we can't lose Sierra. Sierra is key.  This game is about me and you.  I know.  I don't care about anybody else, bro.  We're taking... I’m telling you, this is going to be a walk in the park.  Who else wound you want the share this moment with? I’m talking red sox-yankees.  I have so much love for you.  Bro, this is so perfect.  I’m so excited. Honestly, I thought it was me and Tyler against the world,  but now Rodney is my right-hand guy. And Sierra owes me one. I took her out  of this situation where she was like the one to go. So, you know, Joe's  definitely going home. And it should be a walk in the park from now on.  Joe, where's your head at?  Man, I’m down to do anything and everything. Every time I traw to talk to Joaquin  to see where his head's at, he's got a puppy dog following him.  I think those two white-collar boys are playing us for a fiddle. They've  reeled Rodney right in, and I’m afraid they're going to be reeling Sierra in  and us three are going to be on the outs.  To be perfectly honest, Rodney came to me and was like, we got to get Joe out  first.  I was hoping to reach out to Tyler and Joaquin, but they don't talk to me at  all. I thought the three of us could work together, but it seems that they're  gunning for me, so I’m kind of screwed.  When we first got here it was like Sierra, Sierra, Sierra, we thought she was  on the outs.  She was.  She's still really mad at Dan. Underlying issue, she's really not happy.  And i've done nothing but grovel, but I think as long as it's not her name  again, she'll go along with anything.  At this point, my options are limited, so you have to make the best of the  worst scenario. And hope it works out.  Sierra would be the swing.  Yep.  If we had Sierra, we'll send Joaquin home.  At this point, Joe is with us. Unfortunately Sierra and I definitely hit a  rough patch. I blew it. Hands down. No excuses. No getting around it. I screwed  up. And now we need to bring her back into the fold.  Looking at Rodney with Joaquin, we have to separate those two. Listen, I screwed  up. I want to earn your trust back, but we were worried about you. We got rid  of her best friend because she was getting too close, and we have to do the  same thing. Agreed?  At this point I have two separate alliances saying, come with us, we'll take  care of you, and it's nice, it's refreshing to have people want me. However,  to have my old tribe hurt me so bad and now say they need me, it makes me  sick to my stomach.  Joe would vote for Joaquin, as long as it isn't him, he'll be happy. Rodney  on first vote leaves the three of us, plus Joe. We still have the numbers,  but as soon as we hit Joaquin, Rodney is going to explode. Just close your  mouth, open your ears and just watch what happens.  I hate Dan. And at this point, I’m just very angry. The blue collars, they don't  care about me. They're not going to keep me around. They're just using me for  the moment.  Everybody's writing Joe's name. Everybody.  I’m with you, man.  I’m just the type of person, I play with my heart and my head, and, of course  new york this game, it's going to get me in trouble. At this pilot I’m  playing both sides. I don't know, not only who to trust, but who is going to  be better in the long run. You can choose one path and it might take me to  the final three. You never know, and I still at this point do not know which  route I’m going to take. But either way, it could change the whole game.  Jeff: All right. So after the switch we end up with four blue collars, two  white collars and one no collar. Joe, when you got back to camp, did it  appear the four blue collars were very happy that they had stayed together in  this random redraw?  On the surface, they seemed like one big happy family. But every family is  imperfect, you know, there are feuds and cracks and me, Joaquin and Tyler  were definitely trying to find those and exploit them a little bit.  Jeff: Dan, did you sense that, that these three were trying the look for some  way in?  Yeah. There might have been some opportunities to exploit. To say there were  cracks in the armour, there's no two ways about it. There's dysfunction here.  So I’m definitely concerned.  Jeff: So Tyler, what do you look for? What are you trying to pick up on?  Honestly, Jeff. I didn't have to do anything. What we found was bad blood and  animosity and a lot of it seemed to revolve around Sierra.  Jeff: Sierra, is that true?  Absolutely. After the last tribal, I was mistreated. I was told how I suck at  challenges, how I don't help around camp, just everything you could put on  me, they did.  Not all of us picked on you.  When it was going down, Mike stood in and said, you guys, you have to stop.  I'll give him that, but I felt more appreciated in 24 hours with these people  than I felt 11 days with these three behind me.  Jeff: Wow. Mike, this is not good news. You're now in a situation where if Sierra  wants to move to the other side, the game flips and you, Dan and Rodney are  in trouble.  Well, I mean, the four of us have been together now for 16 days. But I don't  feel that we are a foursome of impenetrableness. And if these three were able  to see some type of crack and woo one of us in, I’m definitely afraid  tonight, 100%.  But, Jeff, that's the beauty about when you drop your buffs. Opportunities  open. There was definitely some problems with all of us, but I got three new  people over here, I got three people i've been dealing with, you know, for 16  days driving me nuts. I mean, what's going to be the best opportunity for me?   Jeff: Joaquin, would you have ever imagined that you'd be sitting at tribal  council thinking, I’m not as concerned as I thought I would have been a few  days ago.  I didn't think it was going to go this way, Jeff, but when people come up to  you and basically explain their reasoning for hating each other, it couldn't  have been any easier for me.  Jeff: Joe, is there any part of you that's wondering how much of what they're  saying is true and how much of what they're saying is what they think you  want to hear?  Yeah, these four could sit there and say, let's knock 'em out one by one, but  strategy-wise, I’m on the very bottom, at least Joaquin has Tyler. I got  nobody.  Jeff: Sierra, one of the hallmarks of what you have said as blue collars is  that we do ultimately take care of each other.  Jeff, it wasn't that my name was written down. It was when we got back to camp  and I got attacked personally. I can't trust people who do that.  Jeff: But no matter how much you don't like somebody, you've got four right  there. Why not sit together for a couple more votes.  Right. New york I mean, I’m not stupid, I get that. There are some genuine  friendships that i've gained with these people, so I have to look at it as a  whole and be like, who do I trust at this point.  Jeff: Mike, it's kind of like you were dating and then somebody did something  wrong, but you still love, you want to come back, but you got to work it  because there's another guy over there and he's wooing her, and in this case  it's Sierra. [laughter] smiles aside, what do you do? You can't just sit  there and say, Sierra, if you got to go, you got to go.  At the end of the day you hopefully can believe in the trust that you have  made early on or the trust that you have made with new friends, but you never  know who you can trust until you leave tribal council. And that's a very,  very, very scary predicament, Jeff.  Jeff: It sounds like the decision of who to send home tonight could be a very  big one for this group. It is time to vote. Dan, you're up.  Sorry, Rodney.  Joaquin, looks like it's me or you tonight.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Joe. Joaquin.  Joe. Joaquin. Two votes Joe, two votes Joaquin. That's three votes Joe. Joaquin.  Three votes Joe, three votes Joaquin. One vote left. Sixth person voted out, Joaquin.  Please bring me your torch. Joaquin, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to  go. Well, tonight's conversation centered around cracks. Your success in this  game depends on your ability to repair or exploit those cracks day by day.  Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night. Stay tuned for scenes from  our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor"...  Teaming up behind my back?  Jeff: Rodney feels betrayed by his blue-collar family.  People who did me wrong today are going to pay.  Jeff: But in "Survivor" there's always time for revenge.  I felt extremely disrespected by these blue, so your numbers are dunso.  I totally got blindsided by the four. I have a good guess. I’m sure Mike was  obsessed with Sierra. I was getting too close with Sierra and Rodney. They  were feeling like I was pulling their tribe away there them. Get this guy out  of here. But this is my faith. I’m going the take with it a