<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor"... We are switching things up. After  a surprise switch, Kelly was the only blue-collar member on the new Nagarote  tribe.  I am scared to death.  Jeff: But in blue collar fashion --  listen to me, I’m giving it to you.  Jeff: -- her old tribe decided to throw the challenge in order to protect one  of their own and keep the blue-collar numbers strong. Nagarote wins immunity.   I trust the blue collar tribe. They got my back.  I can't wait to get away from these people.  Jeff: With Escameca facing tribal council --  listen, we have everyone on board.  Joe is going first.  Jeff: -- all eyes were on Joe, the biggest threat in challenges.  Mission accomplished. He's a threat, so he's going home now.  This game is about me and you.  I know. I’m telling you, this is going to be a walk in the park.  I was looking for a bromance.  Jeff: But the blue collars noticed the bromance.  Rodney and Joaquin are power couples. They have to be split up immediately.  Jeff: At tribal council, sixth person voted out. Rodney was shocked when his  new ally was voted out. Joaquin, the tribe has spoken. 12 are left. Who will  be voted out tonight?  Good work, guys. Good game.  Tonight I experienced my first blind side. Myself and Rodney and Joaquin were  completely bamboozled by the other guys, so I’m on the bottom. Despite all  the troubles the blue-collar tribe seems to be having, they sure voted with a  lot of symmetry tonight.  I knew by the look on Rodney's face that he was pissed. And there had to be  some damage control done.  Want the take a little walk?  This is the second time that we have had to have one of our members on the  out because they were too close to the situation. Any time that you blind  side somebody, it can cause a big rift in this game. So hopefully he doesn't  take it too personal.  So here's the thing --  teams up behind my back, bro?  I understand how you feel, but you have to look at it from our perspective,  as well. All we can see is this, this motion right here, and not you, but him  reeling you in.  I was finding out everything that was going down with that tribe. I knew  everything that was going down for us to dissect it. That's what I was doing.  I was working on them, this fake alliance for us blues. I expected me and  you, michael jorDan. Now I feel like I’m luke longbowment I feel like I just  got pissed off. Mike emerges as the hard-core leader, saying he's worried  about me. Don't worry about what I’m doing. Worry about yourself. You think I  was going to get trapped in a bromance? This game is about numbers. You  should know better. You go behind my back? Disrespectful.  You did so amazing that you fooled us three.  I’m acting. I’m putting on my de niro.  I honestly felt if we told you Joaquin, somehow the votes would get switched  and it wasn't going to be Joaquin.  That is putrid.  I’m just telling you, that's how I felt.  Well, that makes me very disrespected. Now all of a sudden I got to be Mike's  bitch until I get to the merge. What else do I have to do now? The people who  did me wrong today are going the pay in the future.  Come with your tribe and your tribe's tribe. Prepare to outwit and outplay.  There is strength in numbers, so lean on your friends, and you will be eating  today.  I think it's reward. You guys think so?  Yeah.  It could go either way. If today is the merge, hallelujah. I will be smiling  from ear to ear.  I think we pick off blue one by one.  Absolutely.  You're not tied to them not at all?  No.  Not even Mike?  I’m the only one who did not make it to the switch. So when I came to this  tribe, I had to go deep undercover to make them believe that I’m going to be  with them, but I’m definitely with the blue-collar all the way to the end.  So how's Jeff?  We're walking into a challenge and there was nothing there. You see another  tribe coming your way, we're going this way, there's no Jeff. That means I guess  we're both merged.  No way.  Nice to meet you.  Meeting all your new tribe mates, it was like heaven. The first thing I was  thinking is strategy. Let me get my mind right to put myself ahead in this  game.  Do it, do it.  Escameca and Nagarote, you have merged. [cheering]  enjoy your feast. Take a little time to get to know each other before heading  back to your new home at the old Escameca camp.  My entire future has changed. I have new-found hope that I’m no longer on the  bottom of something and I can go out and test the waters with people i've  never met before. It's whole new life and it smells so sweet.  This is so amazing.  Look at all this food.  We have wine. We got rum. We got juices.  Oh, yeah. Tasty.  It's merge time, baby. That means food. We got food. We got a big crate of  food.  That ham's extra good.  I felt like a geek goddess when all of that was laid out. Give me the grapes.  I’m in heaven.  Tell us about Joaquin? What happened? I thought Rodney and Joaquin would  bond.  They did!  That's part of the reason for the vote.  We thought there was a bromance there.  It's clear that anyone who has a strong bond with one other person is not  going to make it. Tyler and I have been together since day three. He's the  only one who I told that I have the idol. So I trust him. But we're not going  to be a pair that anybody knows about. You cannot show any strong bond at all  or you'll be out of here. Game on, baby.  Wait. Where is everything?  Oh, my god.  What happened?  What happened to our little home?  So we've merged and we've all got arms full of stuff from the food we didn't  eat and we walk back the camp. We're all excited to show them what our camp  looked like, and it's gone.  Apparently our first team-building exercise is to build our own shelter.  Good thing we're all full of energy, right?  Are you kidding me? I mean, it was rough. This was like day one all over  again. And we were like, no.  All right, white collars, line us up.  Fire and water. We got to start. There we have to get water.  You know me, I’m a worker bee.  Now it's one tribe, and we're left with the responsibility of making a new  world for ourselves, one people, battling it out for $1 million.  It's so good to talk to you, Kelly.  It's so good to be back. I was so depressed over there.  Here I am now, we're merged. It feels amazing. We're home. It feels like a  weight off my shoulder. I’m blue collar all the way.  Yeah.  If you made it through first one, we were going to be here.  You know what I’m saying?  Mike and I are like one. He's like a family member. So Mike and I are  definitely the tightest out here.  Sierra, Dan and me are still strong. We've been counting obviously on you  coming back. Right now strategy-wise, it looks like the five blue are still  strong, so all we got to do is pull two and we run numbers in this game, but  we'll see how it all plays out because who knows who is really together and  who's really forming new bdz at this point.  We have so many worker bees. I’m just more concerned about what's going to go  on now. We don't have Kelly. I saw him talking.  We knew she was going to flip in a second.  I don't trust Kelly at all. I haven't since the beginning. I knew she would  go back to the blue collars.  What do you think about Shirin? Can we put up with her?  We can totally just put up to her.  I think she's really with us?  Now I have to do is try to grab the white collars because i'd rather play  with white collar than blue collar at this point.  I’m just glad to see you guys again.  You don't know, Jeff.  I dodged a bullet the night before, and the blues saved me, but I was really  excited to see all three of my tribe mates because in my gut I trust the no  collars. Joaquin was getting really close to Rodney.  Is Rodney smart?  What do you think?  You got people there.  When they voted out Joaquin, I felt extremely disrespected by these blues, so  now I’m looking at it like, this let me get some numbers and get out the  three that screwed me over.  What happened is behind my back they split the votes with Joe and Joaquin.  The majority took out Joaquin because they thought he was more of a threat  because he was closer to me. If we go me, you, Kelly and caroline, that's  four. I am sticking to this blue-collar strong thing. So if I stick  blue-collar strong, you caroline and Kelly can dissect them at the end. We go  in seven and die sect them out, me, you, Kelly and caroline and then we make  a move.  I kept it real with will. I was first one who came to him, come to my family.  I got your back.  I was so pissed they voted out joaq.  I love joaq.  This ain't new york, you know what I mean? We can get over the yankee-red sox  hate. I’m always riding with numbers, baby. So I’m going to have four people  to ride on against Sierra, Dan and Mike, and then i'll slowly chop their  heads off and I’m going to have the numbers, so if I can build these bonds,  hey, looking beautiful for Rodney, isn't it?  We got me, you, Kelly, will. Chop 'em, you know what I mean?  As soon as we got on the beach, Rodney is like final four, it's us, we're  tight, we're going to go there.  Ladies, come on, let's go.  Yep, yep, I got it.  In his plan, he's got me, will, Kelly and Rodney final four. The thing, is  he's still a blue, and he's still going to vote with them, but it's nice to  hear that I’m wanted in the final four.  You andry arguably the tightest allianz in this game, but we have the stay  apart because that's exactly why they targeted Joaquin. We can work on Rodney  and bring him back into the loop.  Rodney came up to me today.  They need the prove it to us, the way they screwed me over.  They need our votes. They need our votes.  Suddenly white collar went from the targeted group to the swing.  I have the no collars on my side right now and Tyler is telling me we should  go with blue collars.  Pass it around that bend and take you straight into camp.  I’m smack in the middle now. Tyler and I will decide which way we want to go  going forward. [rooster crows]  you okay?  No.  What hurts?  My ankle.  Put some hot water on it right away.  I just [bleeped]ded on it.  That doesn't help. I was a lifeguard. You need to put that in hot water.  That's the only thing that's going to make it feel better. Seriously, want me  to go get some water boiling.  I'll go.  You sure?  Put it in hot water, please. I'll be there in five minutes. If it's not on  its way to hot water, I’m going to be angry.  I got stung by a jellyfish.  Do you want me to pee on it.  I already did. It's the hot water that helps me.  So I was going to take a morning dip, and I got bit by something. I wasn't  sure what it was, whether it was stingray or jellyfish. It felt like I got  sliced.  Can we get some water going please? I need hot water.  But, you know, I am way smarter and way tougher than I look. I’m not going  anywhere.  Did you put it in hot water?  Yeah.  Guys, we should start talking about a tribe name.  I’m down with... I literally am down with merka or...  Not america, Merica because it's red, white and blue. We call our tribe  Merica because you have the white collar, the no collar and obviously the  best, the blue collar. We're all part of the melting pot which makes america  so great, so that's our tribe name, Merica.  What colors do we want to use?  We could do a red, white and blue, Merica.  I love our tribe name so much because I’m going to be a criminal defense  attorney, and as a criminal defense attorney, you are part of the constitution.  And I just think that the constitution is the greatest blueprint for  government that was ever devised, and I really believe in it. It's like a  religion of america.  Oh, my goodness. We have the worst tribe name in "Survivor"  history. We didn't go for america, we dropped the "a" and went for  Merica.  All in favor?  Like a bunch of redneck idiots who don't know what our own country's name is.  I’m horrified. And mr. Texas himself, Mike, is so proud of this name. I think  even sarah palin, all kinds of crazy crap comes out of her mouth, i've never  heard that woman call that america Merica.  Love you, Merica.  Oh, yeah.  Let me run something by you real fast, Joe, if he doesn't win immunity, he's  out of here.  I’m just saying, if, if. The game plan at this point is to run the game all  the way to the end with the blue collars. We have some numbers to knock out Joe  being at the top of that list, but I definitely need Rodney right now, so I got  to do Rodney maintenance, i'll go do Rodney maintenance.  He's going to be blind sided. He's out of the game.  I it was a little blind side. If I had that, we wouldn't even have to deal  with this.  Love Mike to death. He voted out by boy Joaquin. If my tribe stuck to the  script and got rid of Joe, we would be sitting so pretty right now. This is  the make-up sex, brother. I hope so, man.  No, no, there's no hoping Joe. He is.  I’m putting on my hustle pants. I’m going to let Mike quarterback it. When  the game matters, I’m coming in tom brady fourth quarter. Then I’m going to  cut his head off.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to today's immunity  challenge?  Yes, sir.  Jeff: Your first individual immunity challenge. First things first, I will  take back tribal immunity.  Adios.  Jeff: Tribal immunity is no more. This is what you covet now.  All right.  Wow.  Jeff: Individual immunity with this around your neck, you are safe in this  game and cannot be voted out. Without it, you are vulnerable. For today's  challenge, it's very simple, you're going to hang on to a pole for as long as  you can. When you drop, you're out. Last person left hanging on wins  immunity, safe from the vote. Losers tribal council where somebody will be  the seventh person voted out of this game. Grab your spots. We'll get  started. All right. Everybody is in position, and this first individual  immunity challenge is on.  The big daddy is struggling already.  Jeff: Dan already struggling. This is a "Survivor" classic. It has  been won by man three times and won by a woman three times. Dan struggling  some more.  Hold on to that. Hold on to that. There you go. Relax.  Jeff: Dan sliding down on his skin. I’m going to believe there will be a mark  tonight. Dan is the first one out. Take a spot on the bench. Will starting to  slip a little. Will sliding down more. Will drops. The two biggest guys are  the first two people out of this challenge.  Shocking.  Jeff: All right. Tyler just going to jump down. Obviously the more you weigh,  the more difficult this is going to be. Some challenges favor strength and  size. Some it works against you. This is one, the lighter you are, the better  off you're going to be. Sierra now starting to slip. She's readjusting. Shirin  is readjusting. Mike now starting to struggle. Legs flailing. Hali having  trouble getting solid footing. Sierra sliding down a little more.  I’m too sweaty.  Jeff: Kelly starting to slip now. And on that Sierra drops out, first woman  out of this challenge. Kelly sliding some more. Looking for that last  foothold. She just passed it and now it's going to be very tough. Shirin  drops. Fifth person out of this challenge. Kelly right behind her. Kelly the  sixth person out of this challenge. And we're down to six. The fact that some  people are out early doesn't mean this won't go for a while. It only takes  two to make an epic battle.  Get you feet back in there, hot rod.  Jeff: Rodney slides down a little bit. Repositioning. Joe showing his first  signs of adjusting. Just because somebody looks comfortable doesn't mean they  are. There is nobody up there right now that is not in a lot of pain. To win  this challenge, you have to want it more than anyone else.  You got this?  I got to go.  Go.  Jeff: Out of nowhere, Mike just drops. Tried to make one adjustment and had  no recovery at all.  Come on, rod.  Jeff: Rodney sliding even further down the pole, now down to the final  foothold. Rodney has had enough. Rodney drops out.  Good job, Rodney.  Jeff: We're down to four, three no collars, Joe, Jenn and Hali, and one white  collar, Carolyn.  Ouch. Ow.  Jeff: What's happening, Jenn?  I got stung by something. Are you serious.  Jeff: Where did it get you?  Where my hand is, Jeff. Ouch.  Jeff: Jenn, are you all right? Are you crying or laughing?  A little of both.  Hang tough, baby.  Jeff: If it wasn't enough, probably a bee just stung Jenn.  Are you serious, Mike.  Jeff: In a sensitive area, but Jenn is fighting back. Still hanging in there.  Did not give up.  Come on, come on.  Jeff: Hali tries to hang in there. Can't do it. Hali is now out of this  challenge.  Good job.  Jeff: We are down to three. It is Joe, Jenn and Carolyn. Two people dropped.  Last person wins. That's how close you are.  Keep fighting, man. This is epic.  Big clouds looming overhead. You last long enough, we may get some rain.  I felt some drops.  Jeff: The first few tiny raindrops begin the fall.  Here we go, you guys, here we go.  Jeff: Rain is going to make this much more difficult. Here it comes.  Hang in there, guys. It's a little refresher.  Jeff: Big raindrops. You need to really get back in this now.  Joe, you got it, baby.  Jeff: That pole is going to get wet very fast.  You got this, Carolyn.  Jeff: Rain picking up even more now. Really coming down.  I love it.  Dig in, caroline.  Come on, mama c.  Jeff: Carolyn slipping for the first time really in this challenge.  Completely changing up her body position for the first time.  You can do it.  Jeff: And now you're starting to see how much more difficult it is when the  post is wet.  That's the way, Carolyn.  You got it, mama c.  Jeff: Jenn now down to the final foothold. She has nowhere left to go after  this. She's going to have to dig in and plant it right there. Jenn is now off  that final foothold. Jenn is out, nearly an hour into this challenge. And  after enduring a bee sting.  Good john, Jenn.  Jeff: We're down to two. Joe and Carolyn, one no collar, one white collar,  one man, one woman fighting for immunity. Joe now struggling a little bit.  Readjusting. This is when the game kicks into another gear. How badly do you  want it?  Mind blowing, man.  Jeff: Great effort. Hanging in here a long time.  Uh-oh.  Come on, mama.  Jeff: Caroline readjusting. She's readjusting down one foothold. Carolyn now  starting to slide. She's going down to the final foothold. She's got to get  in.  Get back up.  Jeff: You got to get that foot somewhere. That's the bottom. She does. Carolyn  now on the bottom foothold. Joe at the very top. Call it what you want, youth  versus age, man versus woman, no collar versus white collar. It has been a  battle. And Carolyn drops out. Joe wins individual immunity.  Good job, mama c.  You all right, Carolyn?  Yeah.  Wow, that was incredible.  Unbelievable.  Jeff: Joe, come on over. [applause] Joe wins first individual immunity, safe  from the vote tonight. As for the rest of you, somebody going home tonight.  Grab your stuff, see you tonight at tribal council. Congrats.  Joe won immunity. That's awesome. So the plan I want to enact today is get  the no collars, get the white collars and, you know, then take out the actual  then take out the actual threats, the blue collars.l  of course the golden boy, Joe, wins the first individual immunity.  Couldn't let me win that for my kids, you son of a bitch?  So we've got switch the plan.  Hey, look, everybody's going to go talk. Let's go talk. We know what's  happening here. We're all players. I’m thinking in my head, why not slets  let's switch it to vote out Jenn or Hali. We'll break up a power couple and  five blue collars are still running this game.  Jenn or Hali?  Jenn. Us five are strong, all we need is two. But if we want Rodney to stay  with us, we have to bend to him, and here goes Rodney with his will saying,  and will's going the play him like a fiddle.  Rodney thinks he's got will, but I don't trust will, and at this point...  Tell will Hali, but we're voting Jenn.  We're telling will to write down Hali's name and the rest of us write down Jenn.  When I see Hali's name written down tonight, i'll know I can trust will.  Here's what I’m thinking. We were going to go Joe. Can't go Joe. So we get  his right-hand woman Hali out.  Yeah.  We'll get 'em next time.  He can't win all of them.  Since Joe won immunity, they're trying to vote off Hali now. My choices are  stay with my tribe, no collar, and try to conVince the white collars to go  with us, or join blue collar. I mean, that's a huge drift.  They ain't going to know what hit 'em, brother.  When you're merging with 12 people, it's kind of tough to know who you can  trust, so I think this first vote is going to determine who is loyal and who  is not.  What do you think?  We got to sit down and talk.  White collar are the swing votes tonight. Carolyn and i, when we merged with Nagarote,  she was with the white collar and I was obviously with a blue collar. We  bonded really quickly.  I think Jenn and Hali need to be split up. Are you on the same page?  She doesn't like the no-collar tribe, so I think she bonds better with the  blue collar, so I think Carolyn will definitely be an asset.  I’m thinking red and white get out blue. I don't trust blue collar and I don't  like 'em. How close are you with Kelly?  I'd rather target Kelly.  I'd like to get out Kelly.  She's the one I trust the least.  If we get Kelly, that will just cripple them.  This group of blue collars has shown that even though they all hate each other,  they will vote together. And there's five of them. There's only four no  collar. And we've got three white collars as swing votes. If blue collar wins  the vote tonight, I’m afraid that blue collar will have the vote until the  end of the game. So right now I’m swinging no collar.  Are you thinking you want to work together?  I will tell you. This it's going to be hard to trust you. Here are my  options, stick with you guys or just swap. If you want to get to know me and  how I play the game, you got to let me in, and if you don't loop me in, I’m  going to go to people who can loop me in.  I can't express to you enough, honestly, how much I would like to work with  you.  Understand my point of view, I hear that and I go, that's really sweet, you  know, and then I turn and look and go, who else is offering me something  different.  I don't know what I’m going to do yet, but I have options and options are  always a fantastic thing to have, especially when I taught that two days ago  I was the next guy going home.  No collars want to join with the white collars. We don't want to deal with  the blue collars. And the vote tonight is going to be Kelly. Join with me, Jenn,  Shirin...  The original tribes are definitely sticking together. It seems to be blue  versus no collar.  What are your thoughts on the game?  I’m a swing. I can trust the blue. They already stabbed me. I’m already way  in over my head with those guys, but I don't know you guys either.  Okay. Well talk to other people.  Yeah, yeah.  See how you feel?  I can go either way, go with no collar and go after Kelly or go with blue  collar and target Jenn. So right now Carolyn andry the swing votes. We've  been tight since day one. Wherever we go will change this game dramatically.  You ready for this? Like this is...  What's going down now?  We want to be a swinger? You can be a swinger tonight. Can't tell Kelly. The  vote is Kelly on no-collar. They warrant Shirin, four no collars and me and  somebody else I can pull. I can pull you. So you and I can dictate.  Where we want to go.  Okay.  I’m just worried we might be stupid and we might be on the bottom of this.  And try to get one of us off?  That's totally possible. If they're gunning for one of us, one of you and i,  we need to know which one.  Why?  Because I have an idol.  You... No way?  We need to find out which one of us it's going to be.  How did you get it? That's good.  No one thinks I have an idol, so if I get an inkling that things aren't going  to go as we plan on getting out Kelly, i'll just play my idol. I'd rather not  use my idol when there's still 12 people left in the game. I'd rather use it  when there's five people left in the game, but I don't know how tribal will  go. I’m terrified. No collar is together 100% and we plan on staying that way  as far as I know. Blue collar, seems like they're sticking together, too. But  I think anything could happen tonight. I have no idea what to do.  Jeff: Wow. 12 people. Will, what happens after the challenge back at camp?  Was there that electricity of anything could happen?  Jeff, you might get voted out tonight. I don't me. [laughter] that's how it  is. You don't know who to trust. Ain't nobody safe tonight, so I hope you got  an idol.  Jeff: Kelly, this is sort of good news/bad news, because on one hand, we're  all going to go strategize, on the other, man, 11 other people are  strategizeing. I’m not the only one.  Absolutely. We're all nervous. We're all strategizing. No one is safe. We  feel it tonight. It could be any one of us, so it's exciting.  <br/>Jeff: Joe, if I’m just looking at it on the surface, there's the sense in  this group, it is a game, no hurt feelings when it's over.  Absolutely. Everyone has a knife and it's stab or get stabbed. Someone has to  go. Don't take it personal. It's just the game. That's what makes it fun.  Jeff: Well, I’m guessing when you have 12 people doing this all day, there  starts to come this sense that my move has got to be the following. Did that  happen for you?  Oh yeah,, of course. When we all got back, I sat down with myself and I said,  this is the way I got to go, so my vote's going to show people that you can  count on will.  So, Mike, I see five blue collars, four no collars, three white collars. Is  it safe to assume the white collars could potentially be the very important  swing votes tonight?  Yes. You're exactly right. And this vote tonight boils down to the alliances  that you have made, the people you feel like you can trust making a decision  and living with it.  So were you approached by the different groups?  I've been approached by multiple people. My job is where can I fit in and  make a home for hopefully the rest of this game. Right now we're all  laughing, but somebody is going to bring out an ice pick tonight and carve it  down the center of this tribe's back.  Jeff: Carlin, that was a very graphic description. Does that ring true.  Lines will be drawn tonight, and people will know where they sit. So hope you  made the right decision because once that line is drawn, it's hard to go back  the other way.  Jeff: Shirin, were you an active person today? Did a lot of people come up to  you, but for me nothing means anything nil we see a vote play out. And I want  to be clear that I don't think I’m a swing vote.  Jeff: Jenn, that's got to be a scary proposition. There are 12 people here,  and I really can't trust any of them, and the only person I know that's safe  is Joe.  Yeah, I mean, it's a little scary. I mean, there's chaos, but there's always  a constant bottom layer rumor that stays pretty much there. So we all kind of  have an idea right now. We're just hoping that our idea is the one that gets  the most.  Jeff: Rodney, let's talk about the elephant in the room, the hidden immunity  idol. It is yet to be played by anybody.  For my knowledge as of right now, I haven't heard nobody speak they have one.  It's all on who feels really safe, who feels they may be in jeopardy. So I guess  we'll just have to see what happens.  Jeff: Jenn, what do do you think is going to happen?  Everybody says there's going to be these definitive lines. It's going to be one  from my side or one from the other side. I don't know which yet. I’m a little  nervous because I seriously don't know who is on who's side.  Jeff: Dan, at this point at tribal, can pleading a case help?  For the most part, I think people have a pretty good idea as to which  direction they're going to go tonight, and I don't think a line will be drawn  with an ice pick. I think it's going to be drawn with a chainsaw.  Jeff: Wow. On that note, it is time to vote. Rodney, you're up. I'll go tally  the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now  would be the time to do so.  Jeff. I really don't want to go home tonight.  Jeff: This is a hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast for Jenn will not count.  I'll read the votes. The first vote. Hali. Jenn. Does not count. Jenn. Does  not count. [laughter] Jenn. Does in the count. Jenn. Does not count. Jenn.  Does not count. Jenn. Does not count. Jenn. Does not count. Still at one vote  Hali. Kelly. That's one vote Hali. One vote Kelly. Kelly. Two votes Kelly.  Seventh person voted out. Kelly. That's three. That's enough. Need to bring  me your torch.  Love you, girl.  Jeff: Kelly, the tribe has spoken. Well, during tonight's tribal you used the  words "knife," "icing pick" and "chainsaw" to  describe the vote. Based on the reaction i'd say it was more like a bomb.  Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night. Stay tuned for scenes from  our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor"...  Mike is running the show and look what's happening.  Jeff: Rodney looks to make a power move.  I do love my blues, but Mike's an absolute idiot.  But it's idol paranoia that takes over the game.  He's nowhere to be found down there.  I’m peeking through leaves.  They got me. The girls played the idol. It was brilliant. I thought I had it  in the bag. I think I maybe probably pissed them off because I didn't stick  with their alliance, so this is to get back at me, so we thought we were  five. We thought the blue was five strong, but we're not. Good luck. I hope  they kick some ass. Bring it home, blue collar. I know they will.