<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor"... After 17 days, Nagarote and Escameca  finally merged. [cheering]  now it's one tribe battling it out for $1 million.  Jeff: And at first individual immunity challenge, Joe outlasted all the rest.  Joe wins individual immunity. Facing tribal council...  Can't get Joe, get his right-hand woman out.  Jeff: Mike wanted to test will's allegiance.  When I see Hali's name written down, i'll know I can trust will.  Jeff: The real battle was blue collar targeted Jenn versus white collar  targeting Kelly with white collar in the middle deciding.  Wherever we go, we'll change this game dramatically.  Jeff: At tribal council, Shirin stuck with the no collars while Carolyn, Tyler  and will stuck with the majority. If anyone has the hidden immunity idol and  you want the play it... But numbers don't matter when an idol is played.  I really don't want to go home tonight.  Jeff: Seventh person voted out, Kelly. In the end, Kelly was sent home. Kelly,  the tribe has spoken. 11 are left. Who will be voted out tonight?  Welcome to "Survivor," ladies and gentlemen.  I was played, kid, well played. &gt;&gt;seeing Kelly go, it broke my heart. I’m  really mad about that and I put it on Mike. Mike is the leader who changed up  the vote. It was supposed to be Hali and at the last second he changed it to Jenn  to test will's trust. Mike's an idiot redneck straight up.  Mike is running the show and look what's happening. Seven very us the four  now. Listen...  I gave it to you.  That was Mike.  I’m the only one that voted Hali.  Me, you, Tyler, mama c.  You got mama c, carol, me, will, Tyler, all of us on board. You know, I do  love my blues, but you could be witnessing some very interesting stuff when it  gets down to seven.  Mike's running the show. But once Joe, Hali, Jenn are gone, we're going to  run the show.  Great job.  Thanks.  It definitely didn't go with what I wanted to happen tonight obviously.  Sorry I’m still here to disappoint you, Mike. I knew they were going to vote  for me so I played my idol. Then Kelly went home.  I respect that play. That was... That was sweet.  Thanks. Joe, Hali, Shirin and I were stoked, just stoked. The rest of the  tribe was like mouth open, like shocked and sad, oh, poor Kelly. Who gives a  [bleeped]. I thought it was great. Appreciate it, though. The no collars are  back in town, and we're ready to win. I love to mess with the other alliance.  I believe there's still fun to be had, little things to screw up for everyone  else. I mean, I want to like mess with things while I can because it provides  me with entertainment. ( theme song playing )  how many scoops did you put in?  Three, which I think everybody was in total consensus of.  Do a little more. Just a little more.  I thought we said three.  So. Ever since Joe and his stooges came over here, they run the food. They  portion out the food. You know what, any time I get mad, I’m just going to  walk a way, maybe punch a tree or something and then come back in there with  the fresh cool, calm and collected mind.  Why is he... I'd rather just peel the thing off on my own. I like to eat  right up under the skin and chew on it.  The way I give up, respect is not given, it's earned. Out here it's tough. I don't  be fake. I got to respect you on the other hand to give you respect. And if I  don't respect you, you're going to know it.  It's not a big deal to leave it on.  It's not a big deal. I'll do whatever I want, how's that?  It's salami.  I know, so why are you getting up in what I’m doing? You know what I mean, if  it's just salami, why do you care I’m taking the skin off for me and Tyler?  So just say it?  I did say it.  Sherry, the most pointless person in the game, whatever her name is, she  shouldn't be here. At the end of the day, we're running the game. The game is  pretty much over for them. We have to weed out all the garbage.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. You guys ready to get to today's reward challenge?  Absolutely.  Jeff: For today's challenge you're going to make your way across a series of  balance beams collecting bags of puzzle pieces as you go. Every time you get  a bag, you'll drop it off and head back. The first three to collect all three  bags and cross the finish line move on to the final round, where you will use  those puzzle pieces to solve an anchor puzzle. The first to finish their  puzzle wins reward. Want to know what you're playing for?  Yes.  Jeff: The winner of today's challenge will be taken to the canopy of the  rainforest, to the top. You'll zip line down to the bottom. Waiting for you  at the bottom, a picnic, a pizza picnic.  Oh!  Jeff: Should be a fun afternoon. We'll draw for spots. We'll get started.  Here we go. For reward. Survivors ready? Go! Dan takes a hard fall out of the  gate. Got to head back. Shirin takes a fall. She's heading back. These  balance beams are not easy. And you've got to balance while untying bags.  Here comes Joe with his first bag. Jenn has her first bag. Here comes Mike. Joe's  across. Jenn's across. Mike's across. Hali's across. Here comes Sierra and Tyler.  Tyler with a huge lead. But he's across. We're looking for three people with  all three bags. Dan's across. There's Rodney and here comes will and he makes  it. Everybody now working on their second bags except for Shirin, still  become on her first.  I can't do this.  Jeff: Carolyn drops. She's got to go bag. Here comes Joe with his second bag.  Joe is flying through this challenge. Right on his tail is Mike. It is Joe  and Mike in the lead. We're looking for the first three with all three bags.  Here comes Hali with her second bag. Sierra has her second bag. Carolyn falls  short again. Jenn with her second bag. Here comes Tyler. A lot of people in  this. Here comes Joe with his final bag. Joe moving on. Rodney... No, Rodney  falls short. Mike moving on. Looking for one more. We have Joe, we have Mike  and Hali moving on. All right. It is Hali, Joe and Mike. First to finish  their puzzle wins a nice reward. Survivors ready? First step is getting the  pieces out of the bag.  Come on, Mike.  All right, Joe.  Jeff: You're putting together an anchor, a are rusty anchor. One blue collar,  two no collars, battling it out. Mike off to fast start.  Good job, Mike.  Jeff: Joe trying to get something going. Hali starting to make some progress  now. Some pieces may go in a couple of spots, but it will only finish one  way. Hali with another piece. Hali starting to pick up a lot of momentum now.  Joe got some pieces going. He's moving quickly. Mike has not made much  progress on his puzzle.  Thanks, Jeff.  Jeff: Hali with another piece.  Yeah, Hali.  Jeff: Joe with another piece. Mike's falling out of this challenge quickly. Hali  has five pieces left. Joe has four pieces left on this puzzle. If they're  right, they're both very close. These last few pieces are where it gets very  difficult. Hali moving some pieces around now. She's back the five pieces  that. Will happen when you get close and you realize something's not right  and you have to move a piece. Joe now removes an entire section, opening the  door for Mike to get back in. Mike not giving up. He's still fighting in  this.  That's the boy, Mike.  Jeff: Mike with another piece. Mike now back in this. Joe now trying to  figure something out. Hali trying a new combination. Something's not right. Mike  down to four pieces. Joe down to four pieces. Make it three. Mike starting to  panic now. Joe makes it two. Suddenly Joe has figured it out. Make it one.  There it is, last piece. Joe has it! Joe wins reward. [applause] Joe, come on  over.  Good job, Joe.  Thanks, buddy.  Jeff: Undefeated so far in the individual portion of this game. Nice  afternoon zip lining, pizza. All right, Joe, pick three people to join you on  this reward.  I’m going to take Tyler.  Tyler, come on over.  Will.  Jeff: Will, come join Tyler.  In the last challenge, mama c did it right. I think she earned the reward.  Come on over.  We have four, but a nice round number is five. Pick one final person to join  you on this reward.  I've been the most starving out here more than anybody.  You've been eating more than everybody, too.  No, I don't. Some people are picking out there. If you don't pick me, I don't  care. I know we're seven strong and I’m good with it. So it is what it is,  man.  Jeff: So Rodney took himself out.  I’m out. I don't care. I’m going to keep it real, Jeff.  Jeff: Who is it going to be, Joe, you got one last spot.  Super fan.  Super fan.  Super fan.  Jeff: Shirin?  Shut up? Shut up? , oh, my god.  And that's why. Right there. It's a once-in-a-lifetime experience.  We have our five heading for a nice afternoon. Grab your stuff, head out,  enjoy the day. Good work.  Have fun. Have so much fun.  Keeping it real, man. I’m here to play this game, bro.  Jeff: Guys, got nothing for you, grab your stuff, head back to camp.  Joe winning this reward was devastating because probably getting a clue to  the hidden immunity idol on the reward. The kid's amazing, man. I don't know  how I’m going to beat him, is -- this is where the rubber meets the road.  I won reward, and it felt fantastic, floating over the jungle. You know, i've  never been zip lining before. Oh, my goodness, it was so much fun. It was  myself, Carolyn.  You did it, Carolyn. You did it, baby.  Tyler.  This is crazy.  Will. And Shirin.  Who's next?  Me. Oh, my god. Whoa.  Brake.  Coming in way too fast.  Coming in hard. That's a tree. You don't want to hit that.  I just couldn't believe my luck. I got to go zip lining with Carolyn. I’m  like, I don't like her and don't want her to eat pizza and have a cool  adventure.  Come sit, bud.  Oh, my god. I was so excited. There's watermelon and pizza and soda.  I’m going to do an orange.  Who wants the red one.  I'll drink whatever.  But if you look at it, yes's pick was interesting because he picked no blue  collar because obviously the blue collars are out to get him.  Cheers, you all.  I was happy about it. Smart move.  I looked over and I thought I saw something in Carolyn's bottle of soda.  Rodney was like angry that we didn't do it.  I grabbed it and as soon as I looked inside, I saw there was a note in the bottom.  And I tried to just chug it and put it in my mouth. But I saw Tyler look over  at me.  What's this one?  Delicious.  Tyler saw me. So I’m trying to figure out our plan to read it together. What  we're going to do.  Have a little more.  He killed the rest of the last one.  Sorry.  Let's talk about that.  It was warm. You wouldn't have liked it.  Out of the corner of my eye I saw Joe almost choke on an immunity idol clue.  I could have outed him right then and there. But I sat on it. I was silent. I  just figured, the clue was something that definitely opens up new options. If  Joe finds the immunity idol, that also opens up new options.  Wasn't even barely twilight and Tyler was wide awake waiting for me to get  up. So i'll share the clue with the hidden immunity idol and that's going to  make him and I close and bonded.  I’m actually sitting in the chair with my eyes half-way open to see what's  going on, acting like I’m sleeping. Joe and Tyler get up and go around the  corner. They wring the dishes like they're going down the river. I knew today  was going to be a mad dash because I figured there was a hidden immunity idol  clue at the reward. The whole time I’m tracking them down the beach from tree  to tree. I’m like spy versus spy. I’m jumping in burkes. I’m climbing up this  tree. I’m peeking through the leaves. You know, trying the stay camouflaged  where they can't see me.  Where a tributary runs, how you see this, find gravity.  Why would Joe be showing Tyler a hidden immunity idol clue? Unless he's  trying to woo him over.  I didn't sleep very well at all.  I campfire, ash.  Joe reads the clue and within moments Mike is upon us. I didn't know what he  saw. He could have seen me reading the clue with Joe. I have to be very, very  careful about alienating the group that I am in, so what do I tell Mike? So  he's got the clue. But nobody... He hasn't really told anybody. So it's near  the river, near a sea of green. Find gravity and follow.  I told him what the clue read. Thus began a mad dash trying the find where Joe  is and Mike was leading the pack of insanity.  I thought he was with you.  No.  He's got the clue and Joe's nowhere to be found down there. Wherever Joe is,  that's where the clue has taken him.  Well, we have to find Joe.  Joe just takes off by himself. He's out looking for the idol right now. No  one else is watching Joe.  Dude, I was changing. He came down the path and he came down this way. I don't  know where he went.  I have to find Joe before he finds the idol so we can send this guy home and  it's not me, because I honestly feel that once Joe is out of the game, if I don't  have something in my back pocket, I’m the next one to go home, so I’m going  the look for Joe.  Sure enough. I roll up and I find Joe, and it dawns on me that I want a  bigger target on yes's back. Boom, I didn't see him grab an idol. I didn't  see him put an idol in his pocket. So I head to the river.  Good job, baby brother. He's got it.  I have no idea.  You've got it.  He found it?  Yeah, he's got it.  I don't know what he's talking about.  I basically screamed out, good job on finding the idol. He tries the play it  off. I’m not going to let him play it off. I’m going to say I saw him put it  in his pocket.  You novi to blow it up.  Of course. It's a game. &gt;Mike comes over, oh, you dog, I can't believe you  got it. You know, blah, blah, blah.  Good job, brother.  Yeah, Mike kind of spoiled my plan. So Mike thinks I have it. He's conVinced  that I have it.  You don't.  I don't. But everyone thinks I have it, which is good. So if I just lay back  then it's like I have it.  Yeah.  You worried about this idol nonsense?  I’m surprised at you to be honest with you. I really am actually. You're like  me. You're a fan. Why is it that fans can't do basic math.  Huh?  Why would you side yourself on the short side of the stick?  I have plans.  You're just one of Joe's minions and that's what you're seen as now.  Seriously. Your game is done. Your game is over.  I think you just don't understand my game.  Right. I don't. You know, witness again another fan who can't do basic math.  Shanini or whatever her name is, I can't remember her damn name because she  annoys me so much. Somebody slap this woman. For the love of god just slap  her and shut her up already. Dear god in heaven, do us all a favor. I cannot  wait until her torch goes out. You're an easy mark. If Joe wins immunity  tomorrow, and he has a hidden immunity idol, do you really think he's going  to give it to you? So that makes you a very easy target.  Dan just tries to rip me apart. He just slings insult after insult for me. I actually  felt sorry for Dan, so I sat back and thought, what else.  There are only two people in this game, okay. People that don't do anything  and get voted out because of it and people that do too much. And annoy  everybody and get voted out. Case in point. You did it to yourself. And  that's just the truth. And I’m actually just trying to be nice, I truly am.  I've been running around looking for this idol all day, and I’m down to a  little termite nest trying to get a little bit of sustenance in my belly.  Help me keep going looking for this idol. Still no luck finding the idol for Mike.  This is such a mind-beating, exhausting game.  It's tough. It's a tough part of the game. But i've got the find it. I have  the find it. So I got work to do. This is not an easy task. Don't think  you're going to come out here and you're just going to find an idol and it's  that easy because you can't. You have to keep searching, keep looking in  every nook, every cranny. People who find idols in this game are the people  who are working hardest in this game. Oh, my goodness. It's happy day, baby.  This is happy day. Are you kidding me right now? You're feeling like  everything's going against you, you keep digging within yourself, when you  have nothing left. And this, this right here, this is what you find. And you  know what, not going to share it, because I need that protection for myself  and right now I have a chance to get rid of Joe, so if Joe doesn't win  individual immunity, Joe has to go. And that's just republican -- plain and  simple.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to today's immunity  challenge? First things first, Joe, I will take it back. No help at all.  Shenanigans.  Jeff: Once again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge you're  going to race to move a puzzle piece through three slide mazes. Once you've  moved the same piece through the three mazes, you will use that piece to  complete a slide puzzle. First to finish wins immunity guaranteed to move on  in this game. Losers, tribal council, we're after 22 days. Somebody's quest  for the $1 million and the title of sole Survivor will fall short. Shirin,  how are you feeling? A puzzle. No balance beam, no obstacles. A puzzle.  This is what i've been waiting for this whole time, like I’m a computer  scientist, so this should be my arena. It really comes down to how big of a  fan I am. I’m still just so stoked to be here and I want to be here so badly  that I just...  Jeff: So you got...  I've got so much energy, Jeff. I have to contain it. Like the opposite of a  bomb, I have to...  Jeff: Yeah, what you just did.  You know what I’m talking about?  Jeff: All right. We'll draw for spots. We'll get started. Okay. Here we go.  For immunity, Survivors ready? Go. You have one puzzle piece in this  challenge. You have to get it through three slide mazes then the slide  puzzle. Joe out quickly. Sierra with a big fall, but she's through. Hali, Tyler,  Dan, Carolyn, Shirin. Here comes Jenn. Here comes will. And dead last it is Rodney.   Man.  Jeff: Joe moving on to his third maze. Shirin on her third. There's Tyler and  Mike. It's Shirin, Joe, Tyler and Mike in the early lead. Carolyn now on her  third. There's Sierra. There's Dan. Got to get over that obstacle. Joe  through the third one. Joe now working on his slide puzzle. Shirin is now  through the third one. Tyler is through the third one. There's Sierra.  There's Mike. Here comes Carolyn. Everybody now getting through it. There's Dan.  There's will. Jenn now joins them. The only people not in this are Rodney and  Hali. Now you're looking to complete a puzzle. You will know when you have  it. Shirin predicted she would be good at this. Remains to be seen. Dan  flying through this puzzle. Rodney finally at his slide puzzle. Hali's at her  slide puzzle. Joe would love to make it three in a row.  Got it!  Jeff: Dan thinks he has it.  Good job, Dano.  Jeff: Dan is wrong! Everybody's still in it. You have to be both fast and  right to win this challenge. Joe has won first two individual challenges. Can  he make it three in a row?  Now.  Jeff: Dan now thinks he has it. Dan is wrong again.  Oh, my god.  Jeff: Dan has thought twice he had it and has been wrong both time, opening  the door back up. Mike making some progress. Jeff, Jeff.  Jeff: Joe thinks he has it. Joe is right! Joe wins immunity three straight  individual wins. Joe, come on over.  Good job, Joe.  Jeff: Once again individual immunity is Joe's. Undefeated in three individual  challenges. If you weren't a threat before, you're definitely a threat now. Joe  safe again tonight at tribal council. As for the rest of you, after 22 very  tough days in this game, somebody going home tonight. Grab your stuff, head  back to camp.  Joe won. All he does is win challenges. He's a prototypical all-american  white boy. Who wouldn't want him to win "Survivor." if it was my  decision, Joaquin would have made it. We wouldn't even be dealing with this  drama. We'd be sitting back eating rice and beans. We have to run around and  hustle because of decisions Mike made.  Today I got handed an immunity challenge on a silver platter, a puzzle, and Joe  wins. Joe wins everything. I mean, I would involve to win a challenge. That  would be like a live achievement for me, but at this point everybody thinks I’m  so not a threat, like I’m so weak in every way, and I hope that buys me a few  extra days in this game. I’m not too concerned.  Shirin, right?  If that's what everybody wants to do.  We think Shirin has the idol. I don't think she was.  From where?  I saw her scrambling up until the very last day looking up in those hills  with Joaquin, screaming, bitching at him. If all camps have an idol, where is  white collars? Carolyn and Tyler seem very confident that Shirin does not  have the idol. Probably because she hasn't said anything about it. And I don't  think her game is good enough to keep her mouth shut. I don't know. Maybe it  is. You know, maybe she's an idiot savant. I’m leaning more toward the idiot  side.  But Shirin is never going to win anything.  The three of those no collars are so tight. If you take out one of the  tripod, they'll crumble.  Hali.  So Hali.  It seems like the majority of everybody wants to go Shirin. So I’m just  voicing concern.  So Dan came up to me and he was just like, it blows my mind, you're a fan and  you can't even do basic math. And I’m like...  What?  I’m like, what. He says everybody sees the three of you as Joe's puppets.  I would leave my kids with Rodney before Dan.  What did Dan say to you? I don't even know where to start.  Getting rid of Dan would be amazing. He said some hurtful, unnecessary things  being a grown man. I haven't forgiven him. So to hear everyone else feel that  same way makes me feel a lot better. It reiterates to me we're not crazy.  We need another vote.  There's no doubt I want to do girls.  My initial blue collar alliance is going to go for a girl, but is that what I  want to do? I want girls in the end. So I have to decide do I want to go with  the girls or do I want to stick to my blue-collar alliance?  Actually I’m just ready for the girls.  Why don't we just do Dan?  Okay.  I like the dynamic of us girls just banding together. Together we can make  each other stronger. And if Sierra is going to flip tonight, we need another  vote to get Dan out.  Let's vote out Dan.  Okay.  Okay. You go misogynistic on the girl, girls are going to take you out.  Dan.  I’m willing to vote Dan off. Everybody is willing to vote him off. Everybody.   Then after that what happens?  After that we then reassemble , but there's not some strong-ass blue allianz.  We've taken out one of the kick pins of blue. Otherwise it's just the Dan and  Mike show.  It is.  This might be the last opportunity we get. Like with numbers like this, to  take one of them out.  They are running the show. I don't know how much longer that can go on.  Some of these guys in my alliance are big threats. I want nothing more than  to target Mike and Dan.  I got your back.  I’m hoping just to strike before blue collar even knows what hits them.  Tyler, they have no allegiance to you. You're a threat to them.  Jeff: Tyler, what was the reaction at camp after the last tribal when Jenn  played the idol and everybody's jaw dropped?  There were some bummed out people for sure. Kelly was well liked. The last  tribal council, we talked about a chainsaw kind of splitting this group, but  people were already starting to blur the lines. Conversations were starting  to be had again. It wasn't us versus them, it was a big group of Survivors.  Jeff: Sierra, do you feel that, as well?  I don't think the line is completely drawn in the sand at this point. I can  go with whatever allianz awant to.  <br/>Jeff: Mike, how sure are you of the vote you think is going to go down?  I know I’m 155,000% knowing what I’m doing tonight, but these are a bunch of  gamers sitting right here, and you all know what to say. We all know how to  tickle somebody's ear. So are you going to go with somebody that took you  maybe for some pizza, or somebody that has been providing food the whole time  for you?  Jeff: Dan, after the last tribal council, are you a little uneasy given that  things can change like that?  As a big fan of this game, yeah, you have to expect the bombs to drop. And  you just hope it doesn't drop on you. But you have to believe in your  alliance and stand by it. It's three magic words, Jeff -- quitters never win.   Jeff, that's flat-out wrong. Flippers do win. Tony flipped a million times  and won. It's like a fear tactic that he's using against his alliance so that  nobody will vote against him.  Jeff: Hali, three words, flippers never win. Do you think he's stating a  fact, or do you think he's sending a message to anybody that might be  thinking about flipping?  I think he's sending a message, but he needs to remember that we're tribe  Merica, and if you look at history, what if the colonists never flipped on  the greatest empire in the world? How about that, since we're tribe Merica, I  think flippers have a great historical record to win this game.  Absolutely.  Thank you.  Jeff: How about that? Wow.  That was awesome. Merica.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Will, you're up.  You've gone off the rails.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes.  Jeff: If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want the play it, now  would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are read, the decision is  final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area  immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Dan. Hali. Dan. Hali. We're  tied. Two votes Dan, two votes Hali. Dan. That's three votes Dan. We're tied  again. Three votes Dan, three votes Hali. Dan. Hali. Hali. That's five votes Hali.  Four votes Dan. Eighth person voted out and first member of our jury, Hali.  That's six. That's enough. Need to bring me your torch. Hali, the tribe has  spoken. Time for you to go.  Love you, Merica.  Bye, Hali. Have a beer for me.  Jeff: Well, there was a lot of talk tonight about lines being drawn in the  sand. But with ten players left, lines drawn in the sand tonight can be  washed away by the tides tomorrow. Gab your torches, head back to camp. Good  night. Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," everyone takes a beating.  Oh.  Jeff: This is an awkward thing to watch. And one Survivor considers throwing  in the towel.  It's just not fun. People suck. I have nothing out here except for despair.  I was shockedment like I didn't think I was going home tonight. I really  thought we had this girls thing going, but I’m the sucker on that one.  Honestly I understand why Sierra and whoever else voted for me did. I think  it's good game play. I’m ready to go take my first shot of whiskey and have  my big bowl of ice cream.