<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor"... Joe, Shirin and Jenn were stuck  on the bottom.  Whatever.  Jeff: Against the majority alliance of seven.  The only way I’m going to get to the end is by taking big risks.  Jeff: But Shirin had a plan the shake things up. She warned Mike about a  secret allianz within the seven.  Carolyn's got will in her pocket, rodny and Tyler is with them.  Shirin's smart enough to realize there's a group within our group. I see it.  Jeff: At tribal council, it came down to two no collars, Joe versus Jenn.  Ninth person voted out and the second member of our jury, Joe. In the end  they took out Joe, the biggest threat in challenges. Joe, the tribe has  spoken. Nine are left. Who will be voted out tonight?  I've got a really solid plan. Tell me what you think about this: We get Mike  out right now, right after this immunity? We can get him out right now and  he'll never know.  Mike, are you crazy?  We got rid of Joe last night, the biggest threat in the game, and right off  the bat Rodney approached me with a new tactic, which is why don't we stomp  on Mike before he pulls his numbers and his charisma and jumps on us, and Rodney's  idea could be a really good idea.  We'll come back and revisit it.  Absolutely.  You're looking at the final four.  I overheard Rodney, will, Tyler and mama c, and there's definitely been a  power shift in this game. Rodney has flipped on the blue collars. He is no  longer in my alliance. So I know that they are coming for my head. That's why  i've got to start doing a lot of work starting today.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Welcome to the "Survivor" auction.  Whew. This morning in tree mail you each received $500. Bidding will be in  increments of $20, there is no sharing of items and the auction will end  without warning. If you see something you like, bid on it. Shall we get  started?  <br/>Yes.  Jeff: All right. First item will remain covered.  $20.  Jeff: $20 to Jenn. $60 the will.  $80.  Jeff: $80 to Jenn.  $100.  Jeff: Will at $100. Sold to will. Come on up.  Probably grilled ass or something. [laughter]  Jeff: Here's what you bought, will.  Whoa.  Jeff: It's a note. You can take it back to your seat and open it and read it.   It's a clue.  Oh, you just bought yourself out of this auction. Pick up your personal items  and head back to camp.  Oh.  Jeff: You really do not know what to expect in the auction.  Eat up for me, guys, please.  Jeff: Will, take the note with you. Head back down the beach.  Bye, will.  See ya.  Holy cow. Are you going to kick any of us else out?  Jeff: You never know.  I will not forgive you.  Jeff: Let's make this a little more fun and show you what it is. Fried  chicken and waffles.  $300.  Wow. Out of the game.  Jeff: $300? You want this?  Yeah.  Jeff: Sold to Shirin. $300.  I’m happy for you.  Jeff: The most expensive fried chicken you have ever bought.  I didn't want to bid for an advantage in the game. For me it was matter of go  for it.  Jeff: Enjoy. Shirin said, I didn't want to wait and try to go for an  advantage. Sierra, you're nodding your head.  A lot of us feel like we're in Danger, so I think a couple people will hold  off.  Jeff: Anybody here want to say straight up, I’m not bidding on food? So, Dan,  Carolyn, Mike, you are not interested in food. You're waiting for an  advantage.  I came into this game knowing that whenever it was "Survivor"  auction time that i'll starve to death. That's all there is to it.  Oh, my god, $100, $100.  Jeff: Sold to Jenn.  Some if not all of my alliance have flipped on me.  $100.  Jeff: Sold to Sierra. Rodney, this is what you have.  I have steak, baby.  No food in this world is worth what an advantage is worth in this game to me.   Jeff: All right. Well, since it seems that everybody who wanted food has some  food, let's get to what you guess are waiting for, the advantage. But before  we put the advantage up, let me tempt you with something else, love from  home. * yeah love notes from home written for you at this point in the game  to help you get to the end. More valuable than an advantage?  You guys, in the past, whatever the highest bid ended up being, Jeff let  everybody else buy it for that high bid. I’m serious.  Someone just do $20.  $20.  Jeff: Sierra, going to bid for $20? Going once, going twice, sold to Sierra.  Come up, $20. We set the price at $20, which means anybody else who wants to  buy their loved one letters from home for $20 can do so, which puts Dan, Carolyn  and Mike in an interesting position.  Let's all do it for $20, and then we fight for the advantage fair and square  with $480. Who is in?  Please.  Jeff: Who wants it? Everyone's in for $20.  Go.  Let's go.  Yes!  Jeff: Everybody coming up. All right. Find your note.  I’m going to do it. I’m not going to trick you guys.  Please, please.  Why would I displace trust?  Jeff: All right, Dan. Grab yours. You saw it sitting there. Why are you  already so emotional?  I love my wife like you read about, and on day two it was my wedding  anniversary. I can't explain it.  Jeff: But you just bought it for $20.  Thank you.  Jeff: All right. Nice. Mike, did you...  You didn't do it.  Wow.  Mike didn't do it?  He didn't do it. I knew you weren't going to do it.  All right. I'll give mine back. That's cool. I'll give it back.  So much for your trust, Mike.  I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do it. That wouldn't go with my  conscience. That goes against who I am as a person.  Jeff: All right. So it's clear you have been waiting for it. This is an  advantage in the game.  $480. $480.  Jeff: Mike, Carolyn, Dan are in. All right. Come on up. $480. It's everything  you got. You know what you're going to do, right?  Draw straws.  The winning rock is white.  No problem.  Jeff: On three everybody reveal. You're looking for white. One, two, three.  Yeah, baby!  Jeff: Dan has won the advantage. You guys can have a seat. Dan, you just  bought an advantage in this game. Keep it sealed. When you get back, open it  in private.  Thank you.  Jeff: All right. This auction is over. Grab your stuff, head back to camp.  I told Mike to go before me. He turned around and went back. And it broke my  heart. And he might have just lost my trust.  I’m so upset. I spent $100 to get myself out of the food auction and I was  like, this can't be happening. I was devastated. So I’m walking back to camp,  and then all of a sudden I’m like, oh, my god, there's a clue for me. Wow. I just  got a map and it says, "tribe camp" and it has an x and it says  dig. They're probably getting burgers and fries, but maybe I got something  wetter. It's shocking how this game can change in your favor just like that.  I thought it was the worst day ever, but this could be huge for me.  Oh, my god. I got a note, "you bought yourself out of the auction, and  you also bought yourself a personal stash of ration, enough to last you for  the rest of the game. The information you choose the share, if any, is up to  you." wow. The bible says it's better to given that receive, so even  though these snacks are for me, we've all been out here for 25 days.  Everybody's starving, so I’m going to go ahead and share. Maybe this will  give me some brownie points when it comes to people trying to vote me out, I don't  know, but I think it's going to be a nice gesture, no hard feelings.  Close your eyes.  Close your eyes?  Jenn, read that.  You bought yourself out of the auction, and you also bought yourself a  personal stash of ration, enough to last you for the rest of the game.  Jenn, get the first piece of that jerky, please.  No, no, no. Hang on to that.  Rodney...  I screwed up big time at the auction. But I know that there was an alliance  formed that was coming for me. And I’m not going to sit there and watch it  happen.  Blow it up right now.  Because if I don't out this alliance immediately, Dan, Sierra and myself are  going home.  The only reason why I almost didn't take my letter is because I know that  you'll flipped Rodney, and I know at tomorrow night's vote is going four for  me, and I know the four, one, two, three, and four. I know beyond a shadow of  a doubt. I've heard conversations that I was not supposed to hear. Dan's  three famous words, "flippers never win." great game play, Rodney.  He flipped.  I didn't flip. We're sitting right here.  You flipped.  You're still here. Who did I flip on?  We'll see tomorrow night.  You will see, and you're ruining it for yourself. We all got our loved  letters and you're bringing the moment down because you're going nuts right  now. You better relax, bro. You better relax.  I’m telling you. I know what I know.  Yeah, you know what you know. You lost your damn mind.  I know what I know.  Oh, my god.  I’m just glad they're all here. Don't be mad because you got busted.  Nobody got busted.  You lost your damn mind.  When we get back from the reward, Mike's telling me there's four against me  and Dan, Rodney flipped. On the blue comers, so Mike feels the urge to just  let it all out. This is a symptom of being exhausted and paranoia and he has  the worst timing ever. We have letters from our loved ones. We just want to sit  down and read them. I’m digging in. I can't wait anymore. I’m sorry.  Do your think, Sierra.  Pictures.  Oh, my gosh, look at your hair in the pictures. Look at your hair.  They sent pictures of my animals.  Remember, play smart but be true to yourself. Come home safe, dad.  I miss you so much it hurts. All my love.  Actually, you know what, I do apologize for bringing all that up. This is a  very special moment. I just outed the alliance that was trying to get me out  today. Now they're all mad at me because I ruined the moment. For everybody.  But this is a game. And I’m here to win. Hopefully my strategy works. It may  not, but at least it's out in the open now.  What Mike was saying was true, but I just got to use it to my advantage, so I’m  going after what I need right now, which is Dan's vote.  Hey there, big guy.  Love you, man.  That was so uncalled for.  You didn't even get your experience.  I can't believe that, man.  He's gone off the deep end.  If this not "Survivor," i'd battle Mike out in the street, but in  "Survivor," I have to beat him with my mind and my wit. But because  of what he did, he made my job easy. That's the most disrespectedful thing.  He dogged you.  I know.  He's let this game take over his mind, bro. That's just playing like...  He showed his colors, man. Mike took a really nice moment and ruined it. That  hurt me. Because Mike is my friend. But he is conVinced that Rodney has  flipped, which now puts Mike, myself and Sierra on the bottom end of the food  chain. Who is right? Don't know.  $480 spot.  Congratulations. You bought yourself an extra vote. When you intend to use  the vote, you must announce it after Jeff says, "i'll go tally the  votes." this vote will count like any other at that tribal  council." I couldn't have imagined this in my wildest dreams. I was  expecting an advantage in the next immunity challenge. But to get a second  vote. Do you have any idea what this means to me? It's like the willie wonka  golden ticket. Oh, my god.  Yesterday when we were getting back the camp.  Yes.  I was very appreciative for what you shared. I just think there's more to the  story. He said that he had to dig down, open this box and there was all kinds  of stuff in it, and he brought it back to camp. Well, where's the box?  Yeah.  I think there's more than what he gave us, absolutely.  Supposedly will shared all the food with us. These rations that are supposed  to last the rest of the game, which is a little suspect to me.  I want the find out where he hid that food, man.  He just gave us this.  Everybody's spreading these rumors that there's more food out there. Like  you're trying to hide stuff from us. Shirin, Jenn, Mike are like, we're going  to expose him and call him out.  I just heard that those three are saying that I’m lying that there was more  food and that I’m hiding it, which is a crock. I’m already mad because I didn't  get a letter of my family, but when I do a generous act and you question  that... I chose to share that with you guys and you question that. Miss  greedy ass. All you've been doing is running your damn mouth. Shirin, all you  do is eat and talk. What else can fit in there?  Do you really have to speak to me that way?  I am speaking to you that way. Don't ever question my character, doll, for  real. Will came back to camp freaking out. Mike was missing, Jenn was  missing. Will starts tearing into me like a crazy person.  You all want to talk, let's talk. Let's do it, baby.  Why don't you keep your mouth shut and you'll stay here longer. It's crazy.  When you get called out, that's what happened. You don't want the hear the  truth.  Nobody even likes you. I can guarantee there's nobody in the united states at  home that is mission you.  And then he just started digging in with the personal attacks.  We all have loved ones that love and care for us. You have nothing.  Having grown up in family torn apart by domestic violence and then verbally  assaulted my entire childhood, I get worked up about it.  You have nothing. You have no family, you have nothing.  Stop with the personal attacks.  Dude, i'll do what I want.  He's man of god, he prays before every meal.  God don't like ugly. I’m exposing ugly. Go on with your little bitch Mike and  get the hell up out of here.  What?  You heard, bro.  Other than Mike, everyone is sitting there smiling like, this is fun, isn't  it. To allow that to happen, it's disgusting. Like I have nobody in my life  who loves me and like how I’m like a loser and...  What are people getting so personal for?  The past couple days I haven't really wanted to be here. But those people  suck so bad. I think i'll stick around just so I can [bleeped] up their game.   At this point me, Shirin and Jenn, we only have each other, but we're still  in this game. And I’m going to keep working every angle I can until either  something breaks or I go home.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. How is everybody doing 27 days into this game?  Pretty good.  Pretty good.  Not good. Not good.  Jeff: Just struggling?  Um, when they came with with their leters from home, it just hurt. And I was  wondering if I took myself out of today's immunity challenge, which puts me  at risk of being voted out and losing $1 million, I’m willing to do that for  those letters. Family means more to me than money. So that's all I’m saying.  Jeff: Here's how I feel about it. If everybody here feels good with will  sitting out, then will can sit out and i'll have your letter waiting back at  camp, but, will, in the fairness of this game, the integhtd of it, every  single person has to agree. If one person says, no you can't do it. Does that  seem fair to you?  Yeah, that's fair.  Jeff: All right. We'll do a simple showing of hands. Anybody here object?  Shocking.  Jeff: Shirin the only one.  He bought what he president at the auction. He bought out. He missed out on  the loved one's letters and that's the way the game works.  Jeff: Will, can't do it.  That's fine. So let's do it, baby. Let's do it.  Jeff: Immunity. Let's get to it then. First things first, Tyler. I'll take it  back.  Bring it to you.  Jeff: Once again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're  going to use metal tongs to transport a ball across a series of teeter to  thers. When you reach the end, you'll place the ball in the stand and head  back. If at any point you fall off or the ball drops, you have to go back to  the start. First person to place all six balls in their stand wins immunity  guaranteed a one in eight shot at winning this game. Losers go the tribal  council where somebody will be voted out and become the third member of our  jury. We're going the draw for spots. We'll get started. All right. Here we  go. For immunity. Survivors ready? Go! A simple-looking challenge. The tongs  are very heavy, and it's hard to balance that ball. Right out of the gate the  guy who didn't want to participate is in the early lead. Will. Will drops.  He's got to go back. There goes Mike. Mike drops. There's Dan.  Nope.  Jeff: Dan drops. A steep learning curve on this one. Here comes Tyler slow  and steady. Has reached his finish. Tyler at his stand. Tyler has his first  ball and it is on the stand. Tyler heads back. Rodney drops. Mike coming  back. There goes Dan again. Mike is at his stand. Mike has his first.  Oh, what in damnation.  Jeff: Dan drops. He was all the way to the end. Dan's got to head back. It is  Tyler with one, Mike with one. Jenn drops. Shirin still trying to get out  there. Here comes Mike trying to pick up the pace. There's Tyler with his  second. Tyler drops. He's got to come back. Here comes Rodney. He's got some  momentum going. Here comes Mike. Mike's got it figured out now. Mike in the  lead. Rodney with his first. Mike has two. Rodney with one. Tyler with one.  There's Dan with his first. Sierra has her first. Here comes Tyler. Tyler  almost at the end of the second teeter totter drops. Here comes Carolyn. Mike  now with his third. Mike is screaming across this course now. He's got a  rhythm and it is working. That is three for Mike. There's Tyler with his  second. Carolyn with one. Here comes Dan with his second. Sierra with her  second. Oh, Sierra drops at the last second. Will...  Oh, my god.  Jeff: Will drops. Here comes Mike. Mike just barely clears that second teeter  totter. Mike now with his fourth. Right next to him is Tyler with his third.  It is Mike and Tyler right now. Everybody else way behind. Here comes Mike  and Tyler right behind him. Mike has a one-ball lead right now. That is fife  for Mike if he can get it. And he does. Mike heading back for his sixth and  final ball. Tyler with his fourth. It is a race to this finish. Dan drops  again. Tyler coming back with his fifth. Tyler drops. Got to head back. Opens  the door for the win right here. Mike with his sixth ball. Taking his time.  For immunity. Mike wins individual immunity! Guaranteed a one in eight shot  of winning this game.  Yeah, Mike! No one else get too excited.  Thanks, Jenn.  I needed it. I needed it.  Jeff: Mike, come on over.  Just when I needed it most, baby.  Jeff: Is that right?  That's exactly right.  Jeff: First individual immunity win for Mike. Mike cannot be voted out at  tribal council. You're guaranteed a 1-8 shot in this game. As for the rest of  you, after 27 days out here, somebody will be voted out and become the third  member of our jury. Sounds like it's going to be an interesting afternoon,  especially with will and Shirin.  Bring the popcorn, baby. It's going to be the best tribal ever.  Jeff: Grab your stuff, head back to camp. See you tonight at tribal.  One of the worst things that could happen is that Mike won immunity, so my  game has take an huge hit. This camp has turned into a damn circus. No matter  what happen, tribal ain't going to go exactly how we want it to go.  When you win immunity, you do the happy Dance. You do the happy Dance when  you do something good. It felt amazing. And it could not have come at a  better time in this game because I was 100% on the chopping block tonight.  What do you think today?  Should we get Shirin out?  No, make her life miserable. Jenn's a bigger threat. Get rid of the threat. Shirin's  not a threat. Tonight's going to be a very, very important tribal because we  need to bring up the numbers. I would like to vote out Shirin, she has no  soul, no worth, no nothing, but Jenn is good at challenges.  I think we split 3-3.  There's no question that one of them goes home. We stay strong. Then we do it  again and again.  This is like sure very -- "Survivor" 101. We have six strong. They  can't win.  Let me ask you a question: Would you rather see Tyler go or mama c go?  I would rather see mama c go because I don't like her?  Would you throw that vote that way?  I would absolutely do that. I don't want to see any of those people on the  other side winning.  I think they're going to split the vote between Jenn and me.  That's a great scenario. I’m about 99% sure Sierra's done. She's barely even  looking at me, but I’m not so sure about Dano. If we did have Dan, that would  give us four. We could blindside mama c.  At this point I want the stay in this game because I don't like those people,  and I want to vote them out, but if this is going to work, it's up to Dan,  who is dumb as a box of rocks some my entire game is in dumb ass' hands.  Those four, you can't tell me you don't see them as tight.  I’m telling you that I saw us all tight.  Mike, all of us have talked about final five, four and three. All of us have.  We're all looking at the end game. But that doesn't mean they're going to  make the move early.  I think they think they have Dan.  Yeah. But they don't got Dan.  Dan would be stupid to flip.  Yeah.  I understand. And I put you guys in this position. I understand that.  But you've aligned yourself.  I have no choice to align myself. But you and Sierra are the only two that  i've given my word on that I want to go to the final three with, and I would  still honor that. One million per septd because we are blue strong. I have  been blue, blue, blue since day one.  They've been down there all day long.  Why is he doing that?  The more time Dan spends with them, the more Dangerous he becomes.  At this point I’m like, oh, my god, is Dan in? Is Dan out? Because Dan has  not proven himself to be that smart in this game. But I do have my idol, and  if Mike gets to him, I might have to use it.  Who do you trust in this game? Rodney, who is all of a sudden everybody's  best friend now, who you yourself have said is the most despicable, vulgar  and foul human being that you've ever met and will attacking a 29-year-old  woman, coming into camp calling me a bitch? I've had your back. They don't  have your back, Dan. They are using you. You and me built this camp that  we're living at right now with with our bare hands. I've sweated and i've  bled with you.  Absolutely.  In these trenches. Who do you trust? Who has developed trust with you? I gave  it my best shot. I don't know if he'll come around to my way of thinking or  not. I would like the think deep down in his heart of hearts Dan does still  want to work with me.  Would you be willing to vote Carolyn tonight?  It could be Mike is right. Four of them are about to sell us down the river.  Or maybe he's lost his mind and what upsets me the most is I am the swing  vote tonight, which is my worst nightmare.  I’m going to ask everyone around the campfire a question, including me.  I've had enough of playing the games. If I go with them, that's my choice. I make  my own destiny. Nobody dictates my future but me. My choice. My choice, not  yours, not yours and not theirs. Mine. If I go against Mike and I’m wrong,  i'll never forgive myself, but you have to try to put your emotions aside  because it's a game. Either way, if I’m about to make a $1 million decision  or a $1 million mistake.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Hali and Joe voted out at  the last tribal council. All right. Will, you said bring popcorn. You said  this is going to be an entertaining tribal council.  It sure. Is.  Jeff: I’m ready.  There was an incidents that happened yesterday. Shirin was saying, you had  all this food, you didn't share your snacks.  False, false.  How dare you question me saying that I’m hiding food when I shared it with  each and every one of you. Some people I don't like. And I didn't get to eat  to the the auction. I didn't get the love letters. I’m like, you know what,  this is what I got for you. It set me off.  Jeff: You explode.  150,000% I exploded.  But, Jeff, to be clear, that's not where his yelling incident. He said two  things about the actual incident and he started personally attacking me.  I didn't personally attack you.  He said more people like him in this game than in my entire life.  That's true.  That I have no soul, that he needs the pray for me, and it was all personal  attacks. It has nothing to do with the game. It had everything to do with me  personally. It went way beyond the game, and you know why I don't have  family, let's talk about that for a second, Jeff. Yeah, it's so funny and so  great to put me down for not having a family. I don't have family because my  biological father is just like you, verbally assaulted me all the time.  I didn't verbally assault you.  Shut up!  I just called you out.  You verbally assaulted me.  You get called out, you play the victim.  And I am a victim of domestic violence, and this is why our family was torn  apart, and that is why I do not have family at home, and he is making light  of that.  I ain't making light of that while a whole slew of people just watch like  it's entertainment.  Jeff: Shirin, is the laughter release?  Yes.  Jeff: Even a little bit cathartic?  Yes.  Jeff: All right. Sierra, try to give me a picture of where we are from this  standpoint. Four blue collars, three white collars, two no collars, how does  everybody's individual point of view toward life impact the game on day 27.  Jeff, I think it says it best by we are worlds apart. You can completely  forget how this game started because we are nine individuals who are  deprived, starving, wanting $1 million. We're all fighting for ourselves at  this point.  Jeff: Dan, the blue-collar tribe in particular was very tight. There was a  lot of talk of loyalty, this is how blue-collars behave. Does that make it  tough for you to be in a situation in which you might have to vote against a  blue-collar?  It's very tough. As a fan, you think to yourself, I can park my emotions. I can  come out here and put them aside. That's crap. That's absolute crap. You get  out here. You get to know these people. You make connections with these  people. We've bonded over a lifestyle.  Jeff: Mike, with your immunity win today, you said, never needed it more than  I need it today.  Absolutely. These people have decided that I’m a massive threat in this game.  But there's a four-core alliance right now, Rodney, mama c, Tyler and will.  Those four will walk to the end of this game. Sierra, Dan, you two are going  home fifth and sixth.  Jeff: Rodney, you want it, you want it.  Because this maniac at the auction almost made it so Dan, Tyler and caroline  couldn't get their love letters because he took his $20 back.  They still got their letters.  Let me finish.  Then when we're about to open up our letters, this is an alliance. This dude  just went off in a manic state and that's why he's on the chopping block. So  I don't care what he has to say no more. I was going to keep it cool, but  i'll come at you with facts. Everybody's nodding because they know it's real.   Jeff: Wow. Shirin, do you think you're going to get votes tonight.  Yes. I think 2 plan is to split the votes between Jenn and me since Mike has  immunity.  Jeff: So you think it's six versus three.  I think it's four plus two versus three.  Jeff: Carolyn, you're shaping your head.  When you have six strong and you're picking out the other alliance, it's a  no-brainer. They're in the part of the six.  Jeff: Dan, do the tensions fall on deaf ear, or do you have to listen and go  through it and think, okay, let me think about this one.  I'd be stupid not to listen. You have to weigh out your options because it's  not just about getting to the end of the game. At this stage, it's how you  get to the end of the game. And it's who you put over there.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Tyler, you're up.  You're a firecracker, Jenn.  Just because you know every single season of "Survivor" don't mean  you can play the game, sister.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are read,  the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal  council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Jenn. Shirin. Jenn.  Two votes Jenn. Shirin. That's two Shirin. Jenn. Carolyn. Shirin. That's  three votes Shirin, three votes Jenn, one vote Carolyn. Jenn. That's four  votes Jenn. Tenth person voted out and the third member of our jury, Jenn.  You need to bring my your torch. Jenn, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to  go.  Bye, guys. Good luck, and play nice, all right? I'll see you soon.  Love you.  Jeff: Well, the good news is you've made it this far. The bad news is you're  left with eight people who want to play so badly they will stop at nothing to  win. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night. Stay tuned for scenes  from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor"...  You are so much more of a threat now.  Mike is running out of allies.  I have nothing to lose. I’m public enemy number one.  While Tyler turns on one of his own.  Game on. I grabbed Dan's bag. He gets an extra vote.  Wow.  A lot of people suck super hard. Will, man. I hated Rodney and mama c. I can't  wait the watch the rest of this tribe destroy each other. I just hope they're  not on the jury any time soon so I don't have to see their faces.