<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor": With 11 people still in the game,  each had their own agenda. Jeremy was finding idols.  Took me two years but now i've got two idols.  Jeff: Ciera was using voting blocks to stay alive.  Are we talking strategy at all? We need to make a move before it's too late.  Jeff: And Stephen was targeting big threats.  I need Joe out.  Jeff: At the immunity challenge-- first person to touch their buoy earns an  advantage in the game. Stephen gained an advantage.  This is beyond my wildest dreams.  Jeff: And Joe continued to dominate. Joe wins his third individual immunity.  Back at camp, Ciera, wentworth, and aby were on the bottom.  We'll write down whatever you tell us to write down.  This is a huge opportunity to truly shift the game on its head is there but  he needed Jeremy and Spencer to furn on their allies.  People are going to come back to camp blindsided.  Jeff: At tribal council the guys flipped. Ninth person voted out, the third member  of our jury. Blindsiding Joe and his closest ally. Kelley, the tribe has  spoken.  Yes, they have.  Jeff: Who will be voted out tonight?  So at tribal tonight, Stephen, Spencer, and myself blindsided Kelly Wiglesworth.  I still think we could jump back to our power group, or whatever we want to  call it, and take out another one of the girls. Maybe Ciera can go.  Every vote, if I can't clean up, they're going to come after me next. I knew  I was going to have to come right back and talk to Tasha. I knew she was  going to be upset.  We couldn't tell you. We couldn't tell you. All right?  So they left me out of the vote. But in the voting block situation, it's like  once you have the numbers for your block, you don't need anybody else. That  is the game that we're playing.  You're still in the power. All right?  You get one opportunity to leave me out of the loop. That was their one  opportunity. They don't get any more chances.  So what happened tonight?  She-- she was just too much. She's, like, in everyone's business all the  time.  Yeah... I’m pretty ( bleep ) pissed right now. And I’m trying to keep it  together and not lose my ( bleep ).  So who all voted for Wiglesworth?  Us. Three girls.  I voted Ciera. No worries. I’m still here so I’m glad about that. And I totally  understand.  Let's just not let those girls get--  no, come on. No way.  We all know where they're at.  One of my biggest allies in the game went home, so all the more reason for me  to win the next immunity. Because people are coming for me.  This sucks.  I just can't believe that it would be like this without a break. I feel like  I’m in a pretty decent spot right now in the game. You know, I was on the  bottom with wentworth and Abi and slowly I started to creep my way up a  little bit and hopefully I can keep the momentum. This rain is a bitch. We're  all stuck inside the shelter. That makes me nervous.  See I told you, first it was thunder and then comes lightning.  Can we eat dry rice?  I'm about to.  They're talking about food and cold and all that, but I’m here to win a  million dollars cut and dried. I ain't starving to death. I'll make it. This  is day 25. Let's see, 35. Yeah, I’m two weeks out. I'll sit here for 50 days  for a million dollars. I mean, dang. When do you get a second chance for something  crazy like this? ( laughs ) dang. That looks bad. I feel like any minute I could  lose a toe. People ask me if "Survivor" is fun. I tell them, hell  no. It ain't fun. Going on a cruise is fun. Going fishing it fun. Going to  play golf is fun. This ain't fun. Look at me. Golly!  Jeff: Come on in, guys!  Jeff: Tash, tell me where this group of people, these humans are at  emotionally?  We're exhausted. The weather definitely takes the energy out of you. It's  crazy the level of effort that each of us are putting into this, Jeff.  Jeff: And yet, Ciera, you can't really know what a high is if there's not a  low to compare it to. That's where you get the meaning.  I think when we have a little, sweet moment, no rain for 10 minutes, is so  awesome, you know, because these lows are so low.  Jeff: All right, so let's flip it today and let me tell you what you're  playing for first, and you can tell me honestly if you think it's worth it.  For today's challenge, we're going to divide into two teams of 5. Winning  five will be taken away from this.  Oh! Uwill have a roof over your head you're already in.  Yes!  Jeff: You'll be warm, blankets to wrap around.  Oh, my gosh!  Jeff: All kinds of food.  Oh!  Jeff: And in addition, the backcrop will be a cambodian circus.  Oh!  Jeff: For the five who don't win, back to camp, more rain, miserable shelter.  All right, here's how the challenge is going to work. Three people from each  team will battle for a ball. You'll then work together to get that ball into  a basket while the other team is trying to stop you any way they can. Every  time you get a ball in the basket and score a point, first to three wins  reward. Let's do it.  Let's do it!  Jeff: All right, we have our two teams from our school yard pick. It is  wentworth, Kimmi, fish back, Jeremy and Keith. Taking on Tasha, Abi, Joe, Ciera,  and Spencer. We first ran this challenge back in season 18 "Survivor  token keynes, fish back was there and his tribe scored the winning basket.  First round will be two men, one woman. Joe, Spencer, and Ciera for purple.  For green it's going to be emy, fis Fishbach and wentworth. It will be first  to three. Here we go. Survivors ready? We're on! Go! Jeremy and Joe battling.  Joe has it.  Let's go, buddy.  Jeff: Over to Spencer. Can he do it? No, misses. Jeremy nows that. Fishbach  with a big takedown of Joe. Jeremy scores first point! Green leads one-zip.  This round is two women and one man. For green it's going to be Kimmi, Keith,  and wentworth back in, taking on Tasha, Abi, and Joe back in. Green leads one-zip.  We're playing to three. Survivors ready? Go! Kimmi and Tasha battling for it.  Keith knocks it down. Wentworths that. Joe's going to take down wept worth.  Kill him! Lock him up in your arms!  Jeff: Joe tosses Kimmi to the ground. Keith trying to get free.  Keith, you gotta fight for that!  Jeff: Kimmi has been holding Joe down. Joe now has it. Joe moving around  everybody. Dragging wentworth. Pushes Kimmi down.  Come on! Joe to tie it up. Yes!  Yeah!  Come on!  Jeff: Purple scores. We are tied 1-1. It's over. It's over. Next round, it is  Jeremy, Kimmi, and Fishbach taking on Joe, Ciera, and Spencer. We're tied  1-1. Survivors ready? Go! Jeremy and Spencer go down hard. Big battle.  Get him! Get him!  Jeff: Jeremy sprinting away from everybody! Joe takes him down. Ball is lose  now. Fishbach has it. Rain starting to come down harder. Jeremy with a long  shot, can't do it. Spencer has it, he's a breakaway! Spencer scores, purple  takes the lead, 2-1! Next match-up, it is Joe back in again with Abi and Tasha  taking on Jeremy, wentworth, and Kimmi. Purple leads 2-1, can win it right  here, playing to three. Survivors ready? Go! Tasha has the ball. It's loose. Joe  and Jeremy take each other down. Now it's the women battling for the ball as  both guys are out of this challenge.  Oh, my God.  Kimmi, kill her!  <br/>Good job, Abi!  Jeff: Tasha now has Kimmi down trying to get that ball. Abi now takes wept  worth down. Abi and wentworth going at it. Abi is not laying off of  wentworth, opening the door for Tasha to take that ball. Tasha has the ball.  But she's also got Kimmi, rain pouring down.  Kim, hold on for dear life for everything.  Jeff: Kimmi and Tasha battling for it. Tasha dragging Kimmi. There it is.  She's free! Purple wins reward! Huge effort by everybody! 25 days into this  game.  Awesome job!  Jeff: All right, wig win for Joe, Tasha, Ciera, Abi, and Spencer. Get you out  of the watt, you can start getting warm now.  Thanks, Jeff.  Thanks, Jeff.  Jeff: Head out. Get warm. I wish I had something to make it better but I don't.  I got nothing for you. Head back to camp, try to stay dry.  To be able to win a reward and take, you know, an afternoon to get dry for a  little bit, have conversations with people outside of the shelter. It's a  huge advantage.  Wooo!  Winning, just stick it to them.  That was awesome.  Having been wet for two days straight, going on a reward has never been more  important. And get all this cambodian culture that i've never experienced,  and the opportunity to form the bonds you need to make something happen.  Whooo! It might the be immunity but it feels as important as immunity.  Yeah! ( cheers and applause )  that little boy is is, like the exact size of mine.  Your little son is that little?  A little bit bigger.  Oh, my gosh, so cute.  The coolest thing for me is to be able to see all the families and all the  kids watch this performance. It definitely made me miss my home more than  ever.  How you doing, girl?  It's just seeing all these kids, and it just makes me miss my bAbies. I’m really,  really, really starting to miss my kids and my husband, and I think it just  put into perspective for me they're fine, and that's why I’m here. And that's  why I have to keep trucking along for them. Almost done, right?  Almost done.  Almost there.  So I need to take any advantage I can get. This game is constantly changing  so this reward is the perfect opportunity to be able to say sayily,"  let's make a plan." right now there are 10 of us and we only need six.  Why do we need Jeremy, Stephen, or Kimmi.  Stephen's advantage is scary.  That's why he needs to be totally blindsided.  Stephen is a huge threat, and he just got this advantage. Even more of a  reason to blindside him and get him out of here.  I think Stephen is the most dangerous player in the game right now.  Let's get rid of Stephen.  Done. Ciera pitched this idea that us five at the reward should blindside Stephen.  I've wanted Stephen out for a while. It sounds look a good plan, but I can't  bank on them, especially when I know they want me out of this game.  We've just got to push through. This suction, but just push through.  I know. My son was in the hospital for 49 days, and I sat there through that.   That is worse than this.  That was 1,000 times worse than this. My oldest son has kidney disease and  when you sit and put things in perspective, if he can do that, then I can  certainly endure these elements of "Survivor," because all my  strength for being out here comes from my boys.  Is that your shirt?  Joe's.  I thought of putting it on, too. So, good.  The hell with Joe. I’m staying warm.  It was tough today because, you know, Keith is fighting two people at once.  And then Joe is just pushing two girls down.  We tried! We tried.  He's the biggest guy out here by a mile. You'd be winning all these rewards, Jeremy,  if he wasn't in the game.  Joe is a big threat.  Joe is a big threat.  It wouldn't bother me a bit if Joe goes. He's good at challenges. He's  winning everything out here. That's knot to stop. Either by me, Jeremy, Spencer,  somebody, give of rest of the low pack a chance or something.  Everyone wants Joe gone.  Honestly, the thing is with Joe, he made his own bed. Like, you can't keep  winning immunities like that. Let's just get Joe out of here. This is great  because for so many days in this game, i've just felt, like, on the bottom,  but I feel like these voting blocks definitely opened up a lot of doors for Ciera,  Abi, and myself.  He's playing every side, underside, inside, outside.  He's playing every person but in a really arrogant way.  Yes. Finally we're all on the same page. Everyone knows how important it is  that Joe doesn't win immunity.  I'm ready for him to go.  It's time.  I'm ready.  He's had his story. I’m literally shivering. It is freezing out here. It's  miserable. But I think i've got my fingers in basically every pot right now,  and especially winning that game advantage, I think I’m in a really great  position right now. I mean, never say that on "Survivor" that  you're in a great position because that's-- that's the death knell. That's when  you go home. But I think moving forward I have a lot of room to maneuver in  this game. ( thunder )  in the middle of the night, freezing code rain, we've been wet for days, I haven't  eaten for days, and suddenly I start having terrible stomach issues and it  takes me out of the shelter in the middle of this monsoon over and over  again.  Poor guy.  Everyone is miserable. You know, everyone is at their low, but I’m scared  that my body is breaking down. I can't go on like this. Literally, I just  can't. Like, even though your body can't, still have to say, "yes, yes I  can" you know, "yes I will." I’m just exhausted. The last  couple of days i've been down, i've been down and down. I don't know when it  will end.  The rain has been going for days. My stomach is really suffering. Every part  of me is just, like, given up. I just need some, like, some, like, ray of  hope you know. Just, like, the sun to come out for 15 minutes or something. (  thunder ) I’m not quitting. I’m not quitting. There's no way I’m quitting. I’m  not quitting. I gotta go again. I just went 30 seconds ago. I don't know what  I’m gonna do.  Stephen does not look good. I feel bad for him. His stomach is messed up, and  his feet are swollen. He looks so bad. He looks so bad. I’m hoping he's okay  because I need some loyalty around me, and Stephen is an honest guy.  What's up. Your foot? Why are you limping around.  I'm just a mess.  I love "Survivor," but it's a tough game. Every day, it's tough.  We're freezing. The wind is cold. And the shelter is horrible. It doesn't  hold up against the elements out here pup can't ever get warm, so we're just  huddled up together. It suction. We need something, you know. If we can get  warm and get everything dry for one day, we'll be all right.  Jeff: Come on in, guys!  Jeff: All right, before we get to the challenge, I want each of you to take  one black rock, one white rock. Take one of each. You're shaking your head, Keith.   I'm just wondering what we got up next.  When Jeff gave us the white and black rock, our heads were all spinning. What  could this be? Jeff had something up his sleeves.  Jeff: We'll get to the stones later. All right, shall we get to today's  immunity challenge?  Yeah.  Jeff: First things first, Joe, gotta take it back again. Once again, immunity  is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're going to balance on one  foot on a small block while balancing a ball against an overhanging piece of Wood.  If at any point the ball drops, you're out of the challenge. Last person left  standing wins immunity, guaranteed a one-in-nine shot at winning this game.  Losers, tribal council, where somebody will become the fourth member of our  jury. We've done this challenge one time. Keith's season. Keith participated  and did not win. And the good news is for the first time in a few days, we  have clear weather. Fishbach, how bad has it been?  It's been terrible. We haven't eaten in days. We haven't been dry in days.  And I actually in the middle of the night last night had severe gastro  intestinal distress-- you can hashtag that. It felt like I was going from a  "Survivor" low to a personal life low.  Jeff: You guy still have half a month to go out here.  Thank God.  Jeff: I’m going to give you the opportunity to greatly improve your shelter.  Not what you were expecting, is it?  Nope.  Jeff: Right now, a construction crew is at your camp. They are ready to redo  your shelter.  Oh, my gosh!  Jeff: We will waterproof the roof. We will get your fire going in the center.  It will be covered.  Oh, my gosh.  What do you want from us?  Jeff: I want five people to give up their shot at immunity in this challenge.   Oh, my gosh.  We have a dilemma between I and we. This decision could easily bite you in  the ass, whichever way you go.  Jeff: White rock means I am willing to surrender my shot in this challenge. I  will give up for the better of the group. The black rock means can't do it. I’m  competing. I want immunity. So this really comes down to trust because if you  could all trust each other, this is easy. Five people do it, improve your  shelter. Done. But this is a game for a million dollars.  Surviving is more important than individual immunity, but my mind is just  racing with all these questions. Who I do think is going to give up one for  the team and who do I think is going to compete in the challenge?  Jeff: Make your decision. Put your palm out. White means I’m giving up. I’m looking  for five whites. Everybody reveal. Everybody willing to give up their shot  except for Joe and Keith.  Come on!  Jeff: Spencer, Fishbach, Jeremy, Kimmi, wentworth, Ciera, Abi, and Tasha, all  said I will give up my shot at security in a million-dollar game with only 10  people left. Good news is, when you go back to camp, you will have a big  shelter. The more interesting news, two people said not doing it. Joe and Keith.  Keith, did you debate this or was it easy?  I'm a competitor, and I wanted to play. I kind of figured Joe was in there. I  want to win that necklace right there.  Jeff: Joe, did you consider it?  I totally considered it. I was back and forth, back and forth, and for a  split second I said you know what, I think the rain affects more people here,  like me, personally, I can suck it up.  Jeff: Big decision in a big game of "Survivor: Second chance."  those of you who surrendered, take a spot on the bench. Joe and Keith, take  your spots, we'll get started. All right, eight people gave up their shot at  immunity to improve the shelter. Joe and Keith are going to battle it out for  immunity. You have one foot on the block. You're balancing the ball in  between your bowie and the overhanging piece of Wood. Joe looks good. Keith  looks good. This challenge for immunity is on. Keith has done this challenge.  He actually made it fairly deep. Didn't win. Joe, on the other hand, has not  lost an immunity challenge. He is three for three. Nobody has felt that  necklace other than Joe. You both made big decisions when you decided to  compete. You want to make it worth it. The only way to do that is to win. It  doesn't take long for the fatigue to start to set in. The question is who can  stand them the longest? This is going to take everything you two have to  outlast the other. Joe with a little bit of movement. When you're as tired as  you guys are, it's so easy to have a lapse in your concentration.  Joe is slipping.  Jeff: Keith with a tiny bit of movement. Keith drops out of the challenge. Joe  wins his fourth individual immunity, remains undefeated. No second chance  redemption for Keith. Joe, come on over. ( applause ) for the fourth time in  this game the only person to win individual immunity once again, Joe, safe  tonight at tribal council, cannot be voted out of this game. As for the rest  of you, somebody going home. Will it be one of the eight of you who  voluntarily gave up your shot at immunity? One thing we know for sure-- it  won't be you. Congratulations.  Thank you.  Jeff: Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. See you tonight at tribal.  Of course, Joey amazing, wins another immunity. At least now, having the  shelter, being dry, suddenly we can now play again. And my thought right now  is makes the most sense to take out Ciera. She's so fixated on aggressive  game play because she knows she's in trouble which is terrifying.  When we came back to camp and we saw the shelter built, the fire going, it  was just such an amazing feeling. It was just like, wow. I can endure another  13 days, no problem.  This is amazing!  Best shelter ever.  You guys, look at this shelter.  I know.  This is unbelievable.  We will be warm.  This went from one of the lowest points of all of our lives to the most  incredible shelter, but when you give up potentially your life in the game,  it's like you're selling your soul to the devil.  All I was trying to do was take down the golden boy.  If Keith is safe, someone who sacrificed immunity for shelter and tea and  coffee, will enjoy none of those things and will be headed to the jury. Who's  next.  One of girls.  Here's what I’m thinking. If we take out Ciera now--  you want to do Ciera today.  Yeah. Ciera is next to go because she's too dangerous. Her sweetness, you  never think with her that she's so devious, but Ciera is someone who is  willing to make big moves, advance her cause in the game. I think getting rid  of her, I think I would work with wentworth. I even think Abi I would work  with. I also have an advantage. I will need that later in the game and I don't  want to waste it too early.  So what's the plan?  The guy who is limping around with an advantage in his pocket.  Promise?  Promise. It's Stephen, Stephen, Stephen, Stephen, Stephen.  Poopy pants?  What.  Poopy pants.  Stephen.  I know. Poopy pants.  At this point in the game, I’m just hoping that the plans I set in motion to  blindside steven and get rid of that advantage play out. And I think that  people would be silly not to take the opportunity to flush Stephen out of the  game and flush that advantage. But in case he plays an advantage me and  wentworth are going to write down Kimmi, and everybody else write down Fishbach.   Hey, I wanted to see where you were. Like, if we go with the girls, like,  it's the Ciera show, and every move that she's here that's made is on her  resume. Like, all she did was throw out Spencer-- throw out Stephen's name  yesterday, dispfs like, boom, done. Like the Godfather. This one's next. The  thing that Ciera has done so successfully is she's basically unhinged several  groups. And my question is why isn't anyone taking Ciera out to free up her  people which would be wentworth and Abi? If we unhinge Ciera's crew, they're  up for grabs.  Yeah, totally. Ciera still sits there as an easy vote, but for me, I feel  like it's in my best interest to get Stephen gone as quickly as possible. Now  it's just a matter of convincing enough people to make the right move. I don't  believe anything the girls say, but they want me, tash, him, and Keith to  vote Stephen.  Oh, we're doing Stephen?  That's what the girls just made us commit to Stephen.  Yes.  Our first thing was supposed to be Ciera.  Whatever we decide we have to do, we're together now. This is it.  Oh, yeah.  There's no other--  are we sure that's what the girls are doing.  Right.  They've reiterated that several times.  It's what they're doing.  I feel like Ciera is the biggest threat right now.  No, she is.  The advantage does scare me, though. My head is in two places. I really want Ciera  gone tonight, and I really want Stephen gone tonight. I think Ciera, I know  she's a liar. I know she's playing everybody, while I think steve sen just a  bigger threat in the fact that he has an advantage in the game which no one  knows what it is.  Why don't we all vote for Stephen?  We all vote Stephen.  He's not pulling anything out. As long as it's a blindside, we all vote Stephen.   It's a bad move. Some people saying maybe they want to vote Stephen out  because of his advantage. I don't feel like that's a great idea right now. I have  two idols. But I need Stephen. Stephen at least has my back. I want steve  tone stay. Stephen trusts me. Ciera has no loyalty to anybody. She's a free  agent. She'll float anywhere just to keep going.  Okay.  Stephen will stay with us.  If Stephen has the Ability to make a move, he will. And that advantage might  give him the Ability to make a move. So Jeremy is adamant. It's got to be Ciera.  It's a mistake to get rid of Stephen. I will not feel comfortable with steve  nen this game. Stephen who has an advantage. Stephen who is closer with Kimmi  than any two other people in the game, who could easily flip on us, moreacy  easley than Ciera.  You're giving her so much traction. We've got to wrap this up, though.  This is a really close decision, maybe the most important decision of the  game. But when both of us are 100% convinced that the other is wrong, me that  Stephen must go, and Jeremy that Ciera must go, something has to give.  Something has to break. I hope Stephen's going home. But I have no idea what  is going to happen at tribal council.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Kass, Savage, and Wiglesworth,  voted out at the last tribal council. So let's talk about the weather. It has  been almost nonstop rain for the past self days. Wentworth, at the reward  challenge, you were crouched in the water almost like you were ready to just  go ahead and sink under and drown yourself.  It was warmer to be sitting in the water than to be standing up with the rain  coming down on my cold body. That was honestly the first time i've, like,  cried in this game.  Jeff: Wow.  This is literally the lowest i've ever felt in my life.  Jeff: Fishbach, what was your lowest point?  My lowest point was having severe gastrointestinal distress at the very peak  of the storm. I felt just completely overwhelmed, you know, like this feeling  they couldn't do it anymore but I knew I had to.  Jeff: So that brings us to today. I offered you a shot to change things. But  in exchange, five of you, half the group vto risk giving up immunity, knowing  tribal was hours away. Ciera, what was your very first thought?  The very first thought that went through my head is I’m willing to give up my  spot for the team but who else is? Because we have to come together to  survive. And I wanted to show that I was giving a little as far as make us  stronger.  Jeff: Tasha, before you made your decision, what did you think?  My first question was who's going to be selfish and who's going to be  unselfish? And I wouldn't have been able to live with myself had I not chose  the unselfish choice.  I can interject real quick?  Jeff: Yeah.  Fiput out that white rock, I go home tonight. No question asked.  Jeff: Keith, when you chose the black rock, you knew there was a chance you  might be in the minority.  Yeah, Jeff, but I’m a competitor. I mean, I was just trying to, you know,  kill the golden boy. ( laughter ).  Jeff: Spencer, should Keith be worried tonight?  I don't think Keith's decision is going to sway whether or not he's okay  tonight. I do know that if Keith doesn't go home, someone is going to second  guess what they did before the challenge for a long time.  Jeff: So Fishbach, if Keith is safe, that means one of the eight who  volunteered to give up their shot will be blindsided tonight.  You know, I think that there are so many different clusters of power here,  and I truly have no idea what is going to happen at the vote tonight.  Jeff: Jeremy, it still feels as those these voting blocks are still moving  and the question is where are they going to be when we say, "it's time  to vote."  it's just crazy. Like, today, there was a group that had a plan, and you see  one or two people walk off this way, one or two people walk off that way. And  you're like wait a second. What's going on here?  Jeff: Tasha, has there been any talk about Fishbach's advantage?  There has been a lot of talk, especially people that are working closely with  Stephen from a strategic standpoint.  Jeff: And, Fishbach, if anyone here has an idol, nobody may know. Everybody  knows you have an advantage because you did it in front of everybody.  Yeah and know what, when I jumped off that platform, that thought crossed my  mind. "i'm putting a big target on myself right now."  Jeff: Jeremy, it's complicated. Eah, you want tha advantage, but now  everybody knows you have the advantage and it's a bad advantage because you  have a target on your back now, it's terrible.  It's a disadvantage. ( laughter )  Jeff: Fishbach, let's talk about the vote. Because alliances are shifting so  much, you can't count on three or four other people voting with you. So what  do you base it on?  Things are changing so quickly, you base your vote on who you think is going  to. You for two days.  Jeff: So then, Ciera, the only certainty you have is the vote you make.  Yeah, it really complicates things because we really haven't established  lines yet.  Jeff: But is it kind of exciting that it sounds like we're going to have  another blindside?  It is exciting to see how the votes are gog play out, how the people are  going to vote and if the people who say they were going to vote one way vote  one way. It could be me that was lindsidesided and that will suck because  that means I showed a wrong color rock and it would be a million-dollar  mistake.  Jeff: Tasha is that how we have to look at this, a million-dollar mistake?  Yeah air, million-dollar shelter.  Jeff: Let's find out who it is going to be, it is time to vote. Spencer,  you're up.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so.  Jeff: If anybody has a hidden immunitied --ol and wants to play it, now would  be the time to do so.  Yeah, Jeff. My decision comes down to who can I trust more going forward?  That's for fishburn.  Jeff: For Fishbach.  Yeah.  Thank you.  Jeff: This is a hidden immunity idol. Any vote cast for Fishbach will not  count. I'll tally the votes. First vote, Fishbach. Does not count. Fishbach,  does not count. Fishbach, does not count. Fishbach, does not count.  I'm with you. All the way.  Jeff: Fishbach, does not count. Ciera. Ciera. Two votes Ciera. Kimmi. One  vote Kimmi. Kimmi. That's two votes Kimmi, two votes Ciera, one vote left.  Tenth person voted out and the fourth member of our jury, Ciera. You need to  bring me your torch.  Well played, well played.  Sorry.  I would do the same thing for you.  Jeff: Ciera, the tribe has spoken.  Love you all. Good luck.  Jeff: Time for you to go. * *  Jeff: Well, it seems only fitting in a very unpredictable season of "Survivor"  that another tribal council would end with a big move. Grab your torches,  head back to camp.  Tonight I guess was my night to go. I have been telling people let's play  hard, let's play this game. I got people to play a little I got people to  play a little and I can genuinely say I went out with a fight, and at least I  can go home with that peace.  Coming through with that  that was very classy of you,  so tonight at tribal, Jeremy pulls out an idol. I had no idea he had one. And  plays it on me. And he saved my life in this game, and I owe him for that  that was a pretty good one. Them dudes don't trust you.  I knew in tribal council I was gone.  I knew you did.  I'm sitting there like I gotta do it.  Thank you.  I owe you my life in this  i told you, man, when you have my back I got your back, you know what I mean?  I know that Stephen will have my back, and I think Stephen wants to take me  all the way to the end, and I like that.  That was awesome.  That was cool, right?  When you make moves like that, a big move like that, I know there's going to  be a huge target on me now after doing it, but this game is so crazy, I feel  like everybody's still in it, so I have wiggle room to make the next move.  Listen, Spencer, I don't want be  it's like a new game every time get back from tribal. Listen, that's what I’m  saying. Like, I would do the same thing  Jeremy pulled a fast one, pretty sure I’m being lied to. So maybe it makes  sense to jump with whoever else is willing to  i thought about it, I am annoyed at myself to have been so-- absolutely  didn't see that coming. Zero, zero. I was tossing and turning.  I don't know, either.  You know, I think of myself as having good resident off people, I think of  myself as knowing the game really well, I call myself a know it all. And last  night I knew nothing. For every vote this season I basically knew what was  going on, and yesterday I didn't know at all. ( thunder )  is it getting worse, Stephen?  You need to dry those out for real.  What do you mean when you say, "dry them out?"  when everything is wet, it doesn't heal as fast so all those cuts and bites  will stay open, each getting more infected.  Yeah, that's gross.  On top of this feeling of defeat I have, everything else is falling apart,  too. My feet have swollen up to monster size. It's very painful for me to  walk. I have eaten or slept in days. I do feel like I’m at a low, just  feeling completely overwhelmed by everything.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! Time for a classic. Urvivor" fo "Survivor"  folklore. Tonight I’m going to tell you a story about cambodian history. You  will race into the jungle to a series of five stations where you have a  question and three answers. When you think you have the right answer, grab a  wrapped medallion, head back to the start. If you answer correctly, you'll  get a gold medad daalion. If you answer incorrectly, you'll get a Wooden  medallion. You have to toss it into the fire and head back. The first person  to answer all five questions correctly wins reward. Want to know what you're  playing for?  Yes.  Jeff: The winner will be picked up at your beach by chopper.  Oh!  Wow!  What!  Chopper.  Jeff: Be taken on the starling resort, a beautiful spot on another island.  Oh, my gosh.  Jeff: Why whereyou'll have steak, chicken wings, cocktails, the works.  Wow!  Jeff: Shall we get started?  Yes.  Jeff: Tonight I’m going to tail a story about one of the most revered leaders  in cambodian history, king javardin vii. He reigned during the 12th and 13th  century, considered one of cambodia's greatest times in history. His army  included horses, archers, and female warriors. He would overwhelm his  opponents with thousands of charging elephants. At the start of his reign,  hinduism was a state religion, and the famous anchor, was the largest religious  complex and largest city in the world. It was a massive undertaking requiring  500,000 stone blocks tob floated down a river from a quarry 25 miles away. It  took 30 years to complete. And it was geographically equal in size to  modern-day los angeles. But, jevadimin was buddhist, not hindu. So he broke  400 years of tradition when he made buddhism the new state religion. Then he  set out to build his own temple, the Bayon temple air, tribute to buddhism.  50 towers spanning three football fields with over 200 faces carved into the  sides of temples. And today, those two temples, the Bayon and Angkor are  regularly listed as one of the top tourist attractions on earth. All the  questions you're going to answer tonight are based on the story I just told  you.  Wow!  Good luck.  Jeff: Everybody grab a torch. We'll get started.  Jeff: For reward, everybody good?  Yes.  Jeff: Survivors ready? Go! Let's go! You gotta move! One person's gonna win!  Be fast on your feet! You can go to any station in any order you want. Jayvardmin  was... A buddhist.  Which of the following is true about Bayon temple? It was built with a stone  from 25 miles away.  Jeff: Spencer is back first. The question is, is he right? You won't know  until you get here and unwrap it. If it's gold, put it on your stand. If it's  Wood, throw it in the fire and head back. Gold means you're right. Wood means  you're wrong. Keith is wrong, he's got to head back. Spencer's right.  Wentworth has her first one right. Fishbach is right. Jeremy's right. Abi has  it right. She's in it.  Jeff: Keith back. He was wrong the first time. Did he get it right this time?  It's complicated because there are three answers which means it's not an  automatic you'll get it right. Everybody now coming back with their second.  Good grief!  Jeff: Keith missed again. Joe's wrong. He's got to head out. That's going to  open the door for somebody to take the lead with two. It is Fishbach with two  upon. He's heading out. Wentworth is wrong. Spencer's right. He's got two.  Jeff: It is Spencer, Jeremy, Fishbach with two. Wentworth, Joe, and Tasha  with one. Abi has her second. She was right. Abi's just slow. More people  coming back. Joe wrong again. Falling out of this quickly.  Oh, my gosh! Attached to the little disk is a little piece of paper and it  says, "idol clue."  Jeff: Wentworth, she has her second. I took the idol clue off, stuffed it in  my pants and kept going. Anyone could have come and picked that one answer,  and they could have had the clue. How lucky am i?  Jeff: Spencer's right. He has his third. It's Spencer in the lead. Fishbach  is wrong. It is now Spencer slowly in the lead with three. Wentworth has two.  Aparri has two. Jeremy has two. Fishbach has two. And Tasha has two.  12th and 13th century. That's the 1100s and 1200s.  Jeff: Fishbach coming back. Joe coming back. He's been terrible in this  challenge so far.  Thanks, Jeff.  Jeff: Abi has her third. She hasn't missed yet. Fishbach is right with three.  Spencer has his fourth. Looking for one more!  Sorry, Abi.  Jeff: Abi coming back with her fourth. Jeremy still working it. Jeremy has  his third! Fishbach coming back looking for his fourth. Abi misses for the  first time. That's going to cost her. Fishbach looking for his fourth. Spencer  back with his fifth. This could be it for the win. Fishbach is right with his  fourth. If he's right, big reward for Spencer. Tasha just looking over. He's  looking for gold. Spencer's wrong! Opens up the door. We're still going.  Jeff: It is Spencer and Fishbach both with four. Spencer coming back. Fir back  right on his tail. It could come down to this. This is it. Fishbach has it. Fishbach  wins reward by seconds over Spencer.  Great job.  Jeff: Did you have it right?  Yeah, I did.  Jeff: Fishbach, come on over.  Good job! ( applause )  Jeff: Nice job.  Thank you very much.  Jeff: Big reward.  It is.  Jeff: You'll be picked up at your beach rock star style in a chopper, taken  to a starling resort where you will have a great day. Choose one person to  come with you.  I have a lot of damage control to do. Last night proved my alliance wasn't as  strong as I thought they were, I need to take Tasha.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Choose one more and that is it.  There's one guy, I’m only in the game because of this guy, it's Jeremy, 100%.  You know, I wouldn't be here to win this reward if it weren't for him.  Jeff: As for the rest of you, I got nothing for you. Everybody had back to  camp. Thanks for playing Survivor folklore.  Stephen, the "Survivor" know-it-all, makes a very questionable  decision. He takes Tasha and Jeremy with him on reward. I think it's become  really clear they are tighter with each other than I will be with them and I need  to do something about it.  Congratulations!  Running on my monster feet was very hard.  Yeah, you quit milking that foot, fish. You were running like a deer out  there.  The reward challenge was very fun. It was crazy. I did not win. But bingo. I got  an idol clue.  Jeremy, first reward! That's exciting! I don't care they lost reward. This  having an idol clue is huge in this game. "congratulations you have  found a clue to the hidden immunity idol but it will require you to pick the  right moment to make a very bold move attached to the underside of your  shelter dead center is the security you seek. The only thing stopping you  from getting it is the fear of getting caught."  i wonder what time they're going to come get you all.  I can't see. I can't see under the shelter at night. I dig my hand under  there, but I don't know if it's under there. I don't know where it is  exactly. I think tomorrow is probably a good opportunity because three people  will be on reward is, like, three less bodies I have to keep an eye on and  worry about.  This game has been so unpredictable and we have been talking so much about  voting blokdz, every vote is a different block. But I think Jeremy playing  his idol for me showed there is still trust in this game.  Oh, geez. So I wanted to bring my closest allies with me. And it looked like  the perfect place to reaffirm those relationships and make those bonds more  concrete. To great experiences and relationships we have created on "Survivor"  so far.  Cheers. This is fantastic.  Tash afs one of my first allies but at tribal council she wrote my name down.  But I felt more than I needed to go anything I needed to repair my alliance  with Tasha, break bread and come up with a plan moving forward with them.  Stephen, I appreciate you, man.  I wanted to. We've been tight since the very beginning of this game. I think  there may be some suspicion and mistrust. In the spirit of openness I want to  tell you what my advantage is. I can steal a vote.  Oh!  So for the first time ever someone will not be able to cast a vote at tribal  council, and I will get a second vote.  That's awesome.  That is a three-vote swing.  That's a game changer.  You know what, we've been playing the vote-to-vote game. Everyone has been  trying to cut everyone's throat. We have to have trust.  I hate to throw a wrinkle in this, but Joe, if he keeps winning. That dude,  as soon as he loses he has to go.  Joe, that's it, he's over.  I'm in 100%.  You're right. I’m glad we had this talk.  So how do you feel about the choice of being Tasha and Jeremy? What does that  tell you?  Oh, I think that Jeremy, you know, played his idol for Stephen. So Stephen's  obviously repaying him.  You've got to be blind not to see them three, otherwise they would have took  me. And then you would have been saying, "what in the world is he doing  taking Keith?"  in a season where there's no alliances and there's these voting blocks and  the game is constantly shifting, Stephen kind of threw himself out there and  didn't even realize it because he chose to take Jeremy and then he chose  tash.  See you guys in a little bit.  And Fishbach and Kimmi, they've been together quite a while. So I know now  that there's a really strong connection there that I now really am worried  about.  Okay. Now's our time.  Is she gone?  Let's talk.  I think it's a really good idea for us to lock in what we're doing and just  have it-- have it set, have it secured and have a backup in case that person  wins.  What is our plan?  I think it makes sense to get rid of Fishbach because he has an advantage,  right?  The only fear I have is if he uses this advantage tomorrow, I’m gone. That's  it. I’m done. Why don't you let me-- why don't you let me win the challenge  tomorrow?  Um, no. I’m going to try to win them all.  I'm trying really hard to trust the ones close to me, but Joe is very  sketchy, and Spencer, too. I feel that they think that they are playing  everyone, and I don't know if they're trying to play me and the plan that we  put together. So I don't know if I’m going to go with the plan.  So do we want to go steven and tash.  But if Stephen wins immunity, the plan is Tasha.  Okay.  That's it. There's no need to even-- no need to even question anything else.  Perfect, done. So we're sitting there and I’m like, great, we've got a plan,  we're good. But my goal today is to snatch the hidden immunity idol out from  underneath the shelter in order for that to happen, I need everybody to be  out of camp.  You want to take the boat out?  Yeah, let's take the boat out.  Yeah, go.  We ready.  I'll wave at you all.  Lucky for me, the sun is out. Joe and Spencer go off to go fishing. Keith and  Kimmi are going to go get some snails and some crabs. So that just leaves  miss Abi-Maria. Home girl will not leave the shelter!  You want some coffee?  I'm okay, thank you. Abi is like an annoying little sister, like a little  pest. Any other time, any other time of the day she will be off in the water,  walking down to the rocks. But for some odd reason today, she is making  coffee. I don't even know what she's doing. I’m like, my wheels are spinning.  How I do get her out of here before the others come back.  Quiet day.  Yeah.  I'm just pretending to be sleeping hoping she will leave, and all of a sudden  a ray of light, Abi goes, "i think I’m going to go lay in the  hammock." I’m like, "yes! Yes!" I’m like, okay, this is my  chance. I, like, waddle over to under the shelter, stick my hand under, get  in, like, this is really, really scary. I’m trying to get the hidden immunity  idol under the shelter. All of a sudden, everyone comes back in.  Fishy, fishy, fishy.  I am freaking out, "a," because that was the most stressful thing  i've done in this game besides getting the first immunity idol. And  "b," I have an immunity idol. This is so exciting. Number two.  I'll leave it there for a minute. So I am ready to shake up this game a  little bit. Stressful, very stressful.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! All right you guys ready to get to today's immunity  challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: First things first, Joe, for the fourth time, i've got to take it back.  Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're  going to use only your feet. On my go you'll release a rope which will drop  ploks into a basket. You will then stack those blocks and place a flag in the  middle using just your 10 little piggies. First person to get it right wins  immunity, safe at tribal, guaranteed a one-in-eight shot at winning this  game. Losers, tribal council, where somebody will be the fifth member of our  jury. When we first did this in "blood versus water," Keith and Jeremy  both participated, both lost. Jeremy went to tribal council that night and--  thanks, Jeff.  Jeff: And was voted out. So a huge second-chance opportunity. We'll draw for  spots. We'll get started. All right, here we go. For immunity. Survivors  ready? Go! First step is unspoolg that rope which is not nearly as easy when  you just have your toes to work with. Wentworth first down with her blocks. Abi  has hers. Kimmi has hers. Joe has his help Jeremy's got his. Keith has his.  If any of your blocks fall you can pick them up with your hand throw them  back in your basket. Once you have your blocks, start working on it. Spencer  still trying to get his ploks down, losing a lot of time in this. Spencer  finally has his pieces free. Joe off to a fast start. Kiming off to a quick  start. Wentworth doing a nice job. Jeremy has his first level, working on  that second level. Keith is on his second level. Abi is starting on her  second level. Everybody off to a quick start on this first level. Except Fishbach,  slowest out of the gate with only two pieces on the bottom.  I got-- I got some problems with my feet here.  Jeff: Your feet look prehistoric. Wow. You have had a rough go.  Yeah.  Jeff: Joe trying to place that first piece on his second level. The more you  move up, the more precarious it becomes. You've got to make sure you have  them stacked right on the bottom. If not you're going to have problems later  on the top. Spencer is now in this. Spencer has made up a lot of time in  terms of stacking them. Keith knocks a couple off. That's going to set him  back. Jeremy knocks a couple off. This is where patience will pay off. Right  now, wentworth starting to work on her third level. It is now wentworth in  the lead, Joe right behind. Joe now working on his third row. Keith has now  finished his second row. Keith now working on his third row. Spencer finishes  his second row. Spencer now working on his third row. It is Keith, Spencer,  wentworth, and Joe. Joe places his second block on his top row. Keith places  his second block. Kelly struggling now with that top row. It's hard. You've  got to lift these blocks higher. You've got to lift from your core. Joe  places a third block. If Joe wins his fifth individual immunity, he would  join an elite group. Only five people have ever won five individual  immunities in one season.  Oh! What!  Jeff: Joe just had a setback. A lot of blocks just fell from Joe, and he's  got to go backwards now and pick it up. Spencer places his third on the top  row. Oh, but disaster for Keith. He's got to go back. You are not out of this  challenge until somebody places that flag because it gets more and more  difficult the higher you go. Spencer now places his fourth block on the top  row. It is now Spencer in the lead, Joe has repaired all the dwj and is now  back in this. Joe places his fourth on the top row. Spencer places his fifth.  It is now Spencer and Joe. Joe places his fifth. The last person to release  his blocks is now in it to win it. Spencer places his sixth. Joe has five. Spencer  has six. This would be a huge come-from-behind for Spencer to dethrone Joe. Spencer  places his seventh. Spencer places the last block on the top row, snow places  his sixth. Spencer with the eighth block on the top row. And he's got it. Spencer  now has one step left, that is the finish flag for the win. Joe places his  seventh. Spencer for the win. Can he get it in the hole? Joe down to his last  piece in this third section. Spencer struggling. He got it! Spencer wins  individual immunity!  Whooo!  Bringing Joe's streak to an end.  Good job, spence.  Good job, Spencer.  Awesome, Spencer.  Dang, that was good.  Jeff: Spencer, individual immunity.  Good job, Spencer!  Jeff: You are safe tonight at tribal council, will not go home. As for the  rest of you, after 29 days somebody will be voted out and become the fifth  member of our jury. One thing is for certain, it will not be you. Congrats.  Thank you.  Grab your stuff, head back to camp, see you tonight at tribal.  Today, I did not win immunity. You know, i've been safe for 29 days, and now  all of a sudden, I don't have that necklace and that power and that safety, I’m  vulnerable to going home. And for the first time, I’m really nervous.  Congratulations.  Thanks.  You were right there, right?  Joe has literally never been up for elimination in this game, not once in 29  days. And today for the first time he is.  I wasn't even touching it and it fell off and knocked over three out of  nowhere.  I have been trying to take out Joe since day one.  Good win, man.  Thanks. I didn't think that would be my challenge.  And I have just been spoiled again and again and again and again as he has  won immunity after immunity after immunity. And now, I finally have my shot.  You will be here a month, and one of us will not.  All right, we need to have, like, a frank conversation.  Yeah.  Right.  What about Joe?  Joe's a threat as far as I’m concerned.  He is a threat. He wins a ton of immunities. He could go on another run.  What do you think?  I think Joe is the biggest challenge guy, like, he could just keep winning.  We want to get him when he doesn't have protection.  Right.  Joe, right?  If Joe asks you, you're voting Abi.  Okay.  And if Abi pulls us aside, then we're just saying Joe.  Fine.  Jeremy, good? Everybody good.  Let's have peace of mind for the rest of the afternoon.  Yes.  The four-- Kimmi, Stephen, Jeremy, and Tasha-- are going to target Joe, but  it's not going to happen because I have five people, which includes Joe. Do  not right Joe, it's fish the plan is to blindside Stephen fish back.  Please tell me it's not me tonight.  In the smiendz of some it is you.  Like Stephen.  Yes.  You have to trust us.  And I do.  You are saying.  Here's the thing, if I go home tonight, I’m good with it.  You are not.  Get out of that mentality.  Okay. Tonight is a really big test. I’m really relying on my social game what  i've tried to develop in this game that I didn't really develop and have in  the last game.  Five is solid. Stick with the plan, and we are good.  I'm hoping that people are sticking true to blindsiding Stephen, and I guess  time will tell. Tribal is only a couple of hours away, and I’m hoping for the  best.  What's the story?  Joe, right.  Is that what you guys want to do?  Yeah, right?  Yeah yup, that sounds actually, awesome. Thank you so much. Yeah.  Sounds like you don't believe me.  I'm talking to you, and you're like-- what do you want from me? I’m telling  you I want to work with you. What else do you want from me?  That's it. That's all I want.  Okay.  Okay. The plan is Abi is voting for Joe, and Joe is voting for Abi, but Abi  is insane. She is suspicious of me because she's suspicious of everyone. This  is a game where you have to trawft people with your fate in this game, and I have  two convince Joe that we are voting for Abi.  I don't like it, but I’m trying to believe what's believable.  She was sarcastic about it.  She's not in a good place. I’m just going to say I think she thinks it's her.   I told her--  i don't think she believes anything at this point.  Joe is very shady. He is having a little powwow with Jeremy and Fishbach, so  i'm, like, what the heck is going on here? I do not trust Joe at this point.  Who are you going to vote for?  I have no idea. I’m going to have tho choose at tribal.  All right.  That's what I’m going to do.  Oh, God, Abi is freaking out right now.  I think Joe is playing you and me.  No, I don't. I don't. I think that this plan we have to go with. What are you  thinking?  I have some decision to make.  Fifeel anything weird tonight and people do not stick with the Fishbach plan,  the idol is coming out.  All right, Abi, what's going on?  I have no idea what's going on.  The plan that we made yesterday is going on.  All right.  And you don't have anything to worry about.  Okay.  You seem like you're unhappy.  I'm cool. I’m ready to go home if I have to tonight.  You're not going home, though.  But I’m ready to if that's what it is. I’m not worried.  But it's not.  Okay. Why are you freaking out? Is everything okay with you? Let it be. I mean,  to me, it doesn't matter who goes home. I will decide that at tribal.  Abi is on the war path, and I’m scared that Abi's going to react, vote for Joe,  and this entire plan is going to go down the tiewks because there's nine  people left. We have five, and I need everyone to stick to this plan. Abi, if  tee don't stick with the plan, if we don't vote for Stephen, like, I don't  know what's going to happen.  Am I going to have to just go totally against the plan from yesterday? I can  vote for Fishbach or jojo. I have two options. We'll see.  This is exactly what I knew was going to happen with Abi, and it's happening.   All right, what's the plan?  We have to vote for Joe.  Joe has an idol.  No, he doesn't.  You're sure?  No.  But he has to. That's the plan. I mean--  he gets the majority of the votes. That's why if he doesn't have the idol, he  goes home.  There couldn't be more pandemonium right now. But I have an advantage, and my  advantage allows me to steal a vote, and now I have the numbers to split the  votes reliably. Either we lose Joe or we lose Abi and Joe's idol,.  I think I’m going to play my advantage tonight. Will you vote for Abi and not  Joe?  I'm qool that, but what's the goal? What happens.  We're going to split the votes, but using my advantage.  Okay. But, like, I kind of want to know what the plan is.  I can steal a vote from someone.  Right.  I got enough trust going with them that Stephen revealed to me what his  advantage was, and I was able to see that it would destroy everything, even  though i've done everything right to put what I want to happen into place, it  could all go to crap. Stephen has an advantage. Abi is the most unreliable  person here. We also have the potential for an idol. And a reason to  blindside Joe. Our plan that we hammered out is to take out Stephen. But if I  go that route, I run a big risk. And it scares me to death.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Kass, Savage, Wiglesworth,  and Ciera, voted out at the last tribal council. So, Joe, big story has to be  that for first time since we merged, you are not wearing immunity.  Oh, yeah. All afternoon i've been mulling that over in my head, and the only  thing I can really do is hope the trust I built with people can take me a  little further in the game.  Jeff: Abi, what do you read into that when you have somebody like Joe saying,  "there's really nothing for me to do other than hope what I think is  going to happen is going to happen? I’m not going to scramble." what  does that tell you about what's happening in the game if anything.  It tells me there are alliances, clearly, and it all depends on--  trust.  Yeah, which alliance is the one that's most loyal to you.  <br/>Jeff: Tasha, Keith brings up trust, and yet, every single trial involving our  jury, blindside, blindside, blindside, blindside.  So far, there's been no trust at all.  Right. I think as we go closer to day 39 we all are starting to realize the  voting block may not be the most effective method going forward. I need to  start finding that core two or three, four people that I can say,un"  what? I’m going to lock it in with you. Let's do this."  Jeff: Wentworth, Tasha is saying the layer of the voting block has eliminated  the little trust you might have had from your alliance that you knew you were  good with.  You know what, Jeff. There definitely are alliances at the reward challenge Stephen  chose Tasha because he said he needed to mend fences with an alliance member.   That might have been an old colloquialism. I should have said voting block.  It came out. I’m saying, if you use the word requested alliance," there  it is.  Jeff: Fishbach at the last tribal there was a lot of talk about the  advantage.  Well, you know, it's a scary thing adding one, big, giant unknown that could  upend everything. So I could understand why it would be very threatening and  put a giant target on me and I think it did.  Jeff: So are you genuinely concerned again, given last tribal, and all the  votes you got?  Absolutely. You know, I think last tribal showed the idol makes people want  to split votes, and that makes it very easy for another group or faction to  vote my way.  Jeff: Wow. Spencer, so complicated.  Insanely complicated. I mean split votes, idols, mystery advantages. There  are so many permutations of what could happen, and we're in this limb b limbo  of throwing out what-ifs all over the place.  Jeff: Abi ring true to you?  There was a lot of talk. There were a lot of names being thrown. It was just,  like, all over the place. I actually have a headache. I can't even think  straight. It's been wild.  Jeff: Fishbach what are the hat wil wil be another blindside tonight.  Realistically, I think at this point, 33%.  Jeff: If Fishbach is right, and there is a low risk of blindside.  Jeff, i'll be candid, I think a shift is starting to happen. Voting intloks  gotten us this far, but I think you need people you can trust to get you to  the end.  Jeff: All right, it is time to vote. Jeremy, you're up.  Jeff. I'd like to remove a little bit of mystery and threat in the game and  play my advantage.  Jeff: Why don't you explain, Stephen, what the advantage is.  I am able to steal someone's vote, and cast it myself. That person won't be  voting at tribal council I guess for the first time in "Survivor"  history. And I will be voting for them instead.  Jeff: Whose vote are you going to steal?  I'm going to steal Joe's vote.  This means Stephen gets two.  Jeff: Yeah. So to be clear, Joe, you will not get up to vote. Fishbach, when  you vote, you will vote twice. Joe, how does that feel?  Oh, it stucks! But it's the game. So... It's good.  Jeff: All right, it is time to vote. Jeremy, you're up.  With my vote, I am going to vote for Abi. And the with Joe's vote, Joe will  be voting for Joe. This has been 29 days coming so I want to take a second  and marinate in it. Thank you.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes.  Jeff: If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now  would be the time to do so. Okay, once the votes are read the decision is  final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area  immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Joe. Abi. Fishbach. Joe. Two  votes Joe. Abi. Two votes Abi. Jab. That's three votes Abi, two votes Joe,  one vote Fishbach. Fishbach. That's two votes Fishbach. Fishbach. We're tied.  Three votes Fishbach, three votes Abi, two votes Joe, one vote left. 11th  person voted out and the fifth member of our jury.  Wow, nice. Great jobs, guys. Great blindside. That was awesome. That was  really awesome.  Girl, I told you.  Jeff: Fishbach, the tribe has spoken.  Thank you.  Jeff: Time for you to go.  Jeff: Well, the only predictable thing about this game has been the unpredictAbility.  Grab your torches, head back to camp. Good night.  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff:next time on "Survivor":  Jeff: Today we brought your love to you. Family brings everyone's spirits up.   I'm ready.  Jeff: Until it all comes crashing down.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Medical, medical, medical.  Is he okay?  They're right here you, in great hands.  Clearly I was blindsided. I thought I had locked up the split but I think Spencer  must have turned. Inch was splitting the votes, we could have all voted for Joe.  I went out big. I played the vote steal and it's been awesome. I've had  tremendous highs. I've had terrible lows. And I’m grateful for both