<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor," at the last immunity challenge, Joe  gave it his all and lost.  Is he okay?  Jeff: Medical. Medical! After collapsing, Joe was fighting for his life in  the game.  Every vote Abi is not voted out, she becomes more and more dangerous to make  it to the end.  Jeff: But the women wanted the biggest threat out.  Joe can say, I’m clearly the biggest threat and I’m still here. We have to do  something.  Jeff: Fearing an all-women's alliance, Jeremy and Spencer had a difficult  decision.  If we keep Joe, I’m terrified. If we get rid of Joe, I’m terrified.  Jeff: At tribal council, Keith was left out of the loop when Jeremy and Spencer  voted with the women, sending Joe to the jury.  Jeff: Joe, the tribe has spoken. With the number dwindling and alliances in  short supply, uncertainty is at an all-time high. Seven are left. Who will be  voted out tonight.  Good tribal.  Tribal tonight was definitely a spectacle. Joe got voted out.  It's better.  Payback's a bitch. I don't feel like anybody has much compassion toward Joe  at the moment, and everybody's very glad that he has gone home packing. You  know what, good riddance.  Now we all have an equal shot at winning challenges.  How wonderful.  That's pretty cool.  Yeah, that's exciting. I didn't think about that. We can totally win  challenges now.  I was a little shocked. I mean, I was left out of the loop. They sent Joe to  the house. If you were going to do it, that was a good time to do it. I wish  I would have known about it. I wanted to get Tasha out of there. I need to  get down there and talk to some folks.  What were the votes? One Tasha, two Abi, five for him.  Keith decided to vote for me, so I’m going the make sure I keep my eye on Keith  because he's the last person I want the guys to join forces with or some of  the girls. Keith just put target on his back.  Day 33, kid.  Good job, baby.  Who would have thunk it, three Ta Keo originals. Who would have thunk it?  Man.  I'm kind of glad, though.  There are seven people, so every decision from here on out could affect your  end game. So I’m not closed off to anything. I have to keep my options open,  which is what i've tried to do the entire game. It's a good position to be  new york but it's also kind of stressful, because what is the right choice. I  don't know right now.  Mail.  Deeply concerned. I have extreme buyers remorse.  You think 100% we're in trouble?  I think we're in trouble. I think we are in trouble.  The last tribal council, I took out a challenge piece, I took out Joe. Now I have  to hope there is a group of four for me, which is the new magic number with  seven left.  I'm worried about Tasha.  Me too.  This could be dangerous. We have to make sure Tasha is with us, because if  she's not, she's done. Then we have to make sure Kimmi is with us. If she's  not, we're done. Jeremy and I realize there very well might be a girl's  alliance that could take us out, even though Tasha told me honestly my ideal  final three is you and Jeremy. But if the girls' thing is real, I have no  option, and I don't want to play from the bottom again. It's exhausting. It's  demoralizing. I feel my game slipping away. It's always a scary thing. I just  pray that I can keep it together going toward the end. *  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to today's reward  challenge?  Yeah.  Yes.  Jeff: For today's challenge, you'll be attached to a rope. On my go you'll  race to unspool that rope. When you think you have enough, you'll assemble a  bridge. You'll then use sandbags to knock over a series of blocks. First  person to finish wins reward. Want to know what you're playing for?  Yes.  Yes.  Yes.  Jeff: The winner will be taken back to the temples where you started your  journey 33 days ago. You'll be blessed by the monks. You'll enjoy beautiful  food. And then you will spend the might sleeping in the temples.  No way.  Wow.  Jeff: This truly is a once-in-a-lifetime experience to do something  extraordinary.  Oh, man.  Jeff: We first ran this challenge back in our 29th season. Keith won.  Whoa, Keith.  Wow.  Jeff: Second chance for Keith to win again. Draw for spots. We'll get  started. All right. Here we go. For reward, Survivors ready? Go! First stage,  unspool the rope until you think you have enough to get you through this  entire course. Very tough tucking through these corners, trying to get some  slack in the rope. This rope is going to be with you the entire time. Nothing  is easy on "Survivor," especially on day 33. Spencer takes off,  hopes he has enough. Here goes Keith. He's heading out. And that makes Tasha  go and Jeremy. Wentworth now coming out with her rope. Kimmi still gathering.  Abi still gathering. Now we're moving on to the second stage. You are  assembling a bridge step-by-step. It is Keith and Spencer side by side. Then Jeremy,  then Tasha. Abi still collecting rope. Falling very far behind in this  challenge. There's one big looming question: Do they have enough rope to get  themselves to the end? Now Jeremy, Keith, Spencer and Tasha. Jeremy and Keith  side by side in this challenge. Spencer trying to stay in it. Keith through.  He's going to start tossing sandbags. Jeremy does not have enough rope. He's  got his bridge finished. Big fall. Keith with a nice toss. Got to knock 'em  completely off that table. Here is the test: Does Keith have enough rope to  retrieve his sandbag? And he does. Spencer now through. Jeremy now trying to  untangle that rope. Rope management coming into play as predicted. And Keith  with another hit. Spencer now trying to reach his sandbags. He doesn't have  enough rope. Spencer's got to go all the way back to get more rope. That  opens the door for Keith to just freely fire sandbag after sandbag,  continuing to knock off blocks. Tasha is now through her bridge. She can  start tossing sandbags. It is Keith and Tasha. Spencer is now back trying to  get more rope. Tasha going to have to collect sand bags and she's nowhere  close. Jeremy now back. He's tossing. Can he catch up? He knocks two down. Keith  with another nice toss. And another one. Keith down to two blocks left. Jeremy  still firing. He's out of bags. Does he have enough rope to get to them? No!  He does not have enough rope. Keith could win it for the second time and he  does. Keith repeats, wins individual reward and is headed back to the temple.   Gad job, Keith.  Jeff: Keith, come on over.  Good job, Keith.  Jeff: Big win. Only person to have ever won this challenge. You've won it  twice.  I kind of like that. I mean, I kind of like that.  Jeff: You'll leave today, return to the beautiful temples. Choose one person  to join you. Here's where the game once again gets really interesting.  Oh, my God.  Kelley helped me, I’m going to help Kelley. She brought me my wife.  Jeff: Keith, you can bring one more person. You're not even looking.  Spencer, come on.  Thank you.  Jeff: Why Spencer?  No real logic. I’m still flashing back to when we got to go, and as I look at  Jeremy, he's married 12, 15 years, him and val solid. I can't think of her  name, Tasha, Tasha's little cousin, but Spencer's new little girl come all  the way, didn't get to see her but five minutes. If that sounds logical,  hooray for me, if not, throw it out the hat. Just rattling on at the mouth.  Jeff: Tasha, you look a little frustrated.  Oh, new york whether I’m on reward or back at camp, I take advantage of every  opportunity, and sometimes being back at camp is just as advantageous as  going on reward. So it's time to go to work. I understand Keith was  exhausted, but he couldn't even remember my name let alone try to explain his  rationale. I’m like, is Keith really playing up his southern i'll just along  for the ride role, or is he really that slow?  Jeff: Keith, wentworth, Spencer, should be an amazing afternoon and night. Kimmi,  Jeremy, Tasha, Abi, got nothing for you. Head back to camp. You guys, enjoy  your reward.  Keith, Spencer and I get to go on this amazing award. I'll take advantage of  these two people I’m in on reward. I haven't had a strong alliance this  entire game. Part of this game, you want to have aballiance to some degree or  at least trust in some people because you have to.  That was a gad challenge.  It was. That would have been a great reward.  Yeah.  Keith has been very impressive in challenges.  Keith is strong.  Yeah, he is.  He's very underestimated.  He's the new golden boy.  What do you have in mind?  You all think Keith should be next to go?  Yes, because if he keeps winning challenges, that's a problem.  Today's 33 and I have to get to day 39. A lot of people think I’m a goalt to  take to the end, that's why I believe people may be willing to get to the  end. It's all about using people in this game, and I love watching them  struggle and scramble and go crazy. Why not? I’m a villain. Villains have  more fun.  What's your reservation with Keith?  I don't have a reservation.  I'm not sure what the problem is?  The problem is I don't think you trust we're not going to do the all-girl  alliance. That's in the back of your mind. Let's talk about that.  The girls are all saying, let's get out Keith, let's get out Keith, that's an  option. But I have buyers remorse right now because we should have kept Joe  and got rid of Abi. I might be mad about going on that reward today, like,  listen, I’m going to eat on day 39. Give me that breakfast and like let me  tell everybody on the jury why I deserve that $1 million. That's all I want.  Keith needs to go. Listen, it's the game we have the play. It's only a couple  days.  Everything is not going to be in your control.  I understand you want to get to the final, but the only way to get there is  with people you trust. You can trust me. At this point I think Jeremy needs  to let go, let me make a move, and if the answer is no, then I will find  someone else. People better get on board or they're about to miss this ship  because it's sailing.  Last time we were here, we looked a little different.  Oh, my gosh.  Now we're as disintegrated as it is.  I know.  I've never seen a better reward. Cambodian temples, it's amazing to the point  that I’m slapping myself every two minutes that I’m here, that I’m seeing  what I’m seeing.  That looks like raiders of the lost arc or something.  It does.  Indiana jones has probably been here. 33 days ago I walked right here with  this incredible journey ahead of me, and now to come back here and see these  temples doing what I wanted to do in my second chance, which is show through  this game how i've changed and use that change to win, it's more than the  rejuvenation I need to go these last six days. [praying]  if people would have asked me, you know, where has Keith been for the last 30  days? Is he sitting in a temple in cambodian, or has he just got back off the  shut federal mars? They'd say he's damn sure in mars because he's not in  cambodia that's how amazing it was. It's impressive. You just don't run across  stuff like that. I don't know how you can trump this, to tell you the truth.  We got this really cultural experience. I'll never do that in my life. So of  all the reward, this was such a great one to win. &gt;&gt;that's beautiful.  Oh, my gosh. I haven't had the easiest go in this game, like i've been on the  bottom a lot, so coming out here for a second chance, I just want the prove  that I can do it. And so close to the end of the game, it's just like, wow,  like I’m almost there.  To cambodia, to being surrounded by things we would never see in our life.  What was that called just then? Do you have a name for this dance in  no.  Oh, my gosh. That looks so good.  We've made it.  Is that wine and spaghetti?  Keith nail, thank you so much.  Oh, my God, guys, sit down, sit down. What do you think is going on at camp?  Trying to rein in Abi?  She's not pissed, is she?  Probably after today she is.  I think we'll be okay with Abi. Being on reward with Spencer and steve, it's  the perfect time to figure out where they're at. I just want to get to final  three. That's the goal in this game.  If you told me like final three, I would be very happy with this.  I would, too. That would be fantastic.  We just got to make that happen.  We can. You know, we're so close. We're a couple days away.  Exactly.  Any time you're at a reward with this few people left in the game, you're  probably going to make a final three deal. Wentworth and Keith and I made a  pact to go to the final three, but it's too early for me the say that there's  any final three that I’m locked into. If I could choose any final three, I would  love to be sitting there with Abi and with Keith. It's a question of making  it happen now.  Who do you think?  Jeremy.  Maybe Jeremy would be a great person to do second because they're going to be  expecting it. I think it makes sense to do Tasha and then Jeremy.  Uh-huh.  We could use Abi for a number right now. Take our four, and go after Tasha.  I want Tasha gone.  We're now very solid. So all is well and good as long as that fourth person  is feeling good, as long as that fourth person is a sound, rational player  who will make the good decision for our group. The problem is that fourth  person is Abi, who is none of those things. We're going to wake up on day 38,  us and Abi.  Would you feel some type of way if I salt down with Jeremy and talked.  Can I put that rice over there?  Yeah.  You guys talk if that's what you want. I don't want anyone feeling  uncomfortable.  It is what it is. If you want the include me, it would be better, but if you  don't...  We can do both.  Tasha did ask if it was okay for her and Jeremy to talk, but you need four  people right now in order to switch the game, and I feel like I have a lot  more in my pocket than Jeremy does. I can handle this. You guys go talk.  Is Abi a scorpio? I got two of them in my house. That's why I drink.  What did I miss?  How you doing?  This chick, I can't imagine dating her. I can't even imagine.  It's like you have to be careful about everything you say with Abi, and i've  come too far to let Abi-marie gomez ruin my game. Okay. I don't think we take  out Keith first. What if we make it Abi?  What about Keith being a threat?  You all just got to kill the freakin' challenge. But I think Abi is... We  can't have any messiness coming down to the finals.  Keith is a credible threat, but Abi is very volatile. If I say the wrong  thing or make the wrong joke, she could totally screw up my game. She'll flip  in a heartbeat. What's the point of trying to get to the end if you don't  even trust the people that can take you there. This is like the final big  move that we can make. If we screw this one vote up, we're done.  Tasha said, what do you think about if we vote Abi out. It does give me one  less thing I don't have to worry about, so I like that idea.  You think for sure...  I think we're locked in.  We'll see what spence says. Tasha is iffy on Spencer. She doesn't know he's  100%. It's a possibility he could jump ship, run and tell Kelley and Keith  the whole plan and it will blow up in our face.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: First things first. We have to take back both necklaces.  All right, brother.  Jeff: Thank you, Keith. Only need one today. Once again immunity back up for  grabs. For today's challenge, you're going the race out into the water and  across a series of obstacles. When you reach the end, you'll retrieve a key  and race back. You'll then use that key to open a chest, remove the puzzle  pieces and solve a five-piece puzzle. First to wynantskills immunity and garn  teened a one in six shot of winning this game. Second chance story today is a  puzzle. In our first challenge of our 30th season, this was one of three  puzzle choices. Nobody chose it. So the second chance story is the puzzle.  Finally getting chance to be run. All right. We'll draw for spots. We'll get  started. All right. Here we go. For immunity and a guaranteed one in six  shot, Survivors ready? Go! Anyway you can get through these obstacles. Attack  it. Everybody is in this. Jeremy and Spencer out to the early lead. You fall  off, you got to go back to the last obstacle. Jeremy and Spencer side by  side. Here comes Keith and wentworth. Got to be careful. This challenge will  kick your butt. And... Whoa, Spencer fell off. Got to come back. Going to be Jeremy  first in the water. Everybody else is way behind. Kimmi, Abi in last. Here we  go. Spencer now back. Oh, big fall by Keith. Jeremy to the buoy trying to get  that key. Kimmi takes a big fall. Keith in the water. Once you have your key,  head back. Tasha struggling to stay in this. It is Jeremy and Spencer in the  lead. Keith and wentworth right behind. Spencer moving quickly through the  water. Jeremy and Spencer back at the same time. Spencer made up a lot of  time in the water. Spencer now in the lead. 35 days. What you're doing right  now gets you to day 36. This is it. Kimmi and Abi coming back. Tasha still in  her buoy. Spencer digging deep. Jeremy on his sail. Here comes Keith. Whoa,  big hit by Spencer. You okay? Spencer's got to go back. That opens the door  for Jeremy now. Spencer took it right on the chin. Spencer's across. Let's  go, Keith. That puzzle is only five pieces. You can solve it in a moment.  Getting back first could be the difference. This is why you're out here, to  see what you're made of. Tasha still struggling. It is Jeremy, Spencer and Keith.  Here comes wentworth, Abi and Kimmi. Tasha still in the water struggling.  Only five pieces in this puzzle. When you get it, it will be instantly, and  it will be over like that. You are not out of this challenge because there is  no working closer and closer. This is the kind of puzzle you solve in an  instant and Spencer just did. Spencer wins individual immunity solving the  puzzle in less than 15 seconds. Unbelievable. One in six shot guaranteed for Spencer.  Safety! Safety! Get Tasha.  Help.  Jeff: Medical, let's go.  Take it easy for a moment, all right. Have you got any pain anywhere?  Just relax. Okay.  I just didn't have any energy. An I was struggling. I just kept taking on  water.  Okay.  Those medical guys will take care of her. Don't worry. It will be okay.  Jeff: Tasha, it's Jeff. What happened?  I think Tasha was in the water and basically sheer exhaustion made it  difficult for her to keep up. Once you start taking on water, it gets a bit  scary. Is that what happened to you, Tasha?  Uh-huh.  I don't think she's in any danger of any problems with her lungs at all. But  I think she's going to be fine.  Jeff: When you're ready we'll take you in. All right?  I'm ready.  Jeff: You ready? You sure? All right. What's going on here?  I think we're all exhausted, 35 days.  It's scary. It's just scary.  It catches up to you.  Jeff: So how do you feel now when you've gone through something like that and  you know you're safe but you're still sort of coming down from the panic?  It's frustrating and I think we all give everything we have, and I just  didn't have anything left.  Jeff: All right. Shall we finish the other part of this story, which is  massive win by Spencer.  Awesome.  Jeff: All right. You're going to stay seated, all right?  Yes, yes.  Jeff: Okay. Spencer, come on over. [applause] I got the tell you, we have  tested that puzzle a lot. Nobody ever has done it that fast, ever. That was  amazing. Congratulations. You are safe tonight at tribal council. You are  guaranteed a one in six shot at winning this game. As for the rest of you,  somebody going home tonight. Tasha, you sitting down surrounded by a  firefighter t-shirt and two firefighters holding it speaks to the camaraderie  this group has, and yet tonight in a few hours somebody will be voted out.  The game never stops. The only certain thing tonight, it will not be you.  Congratulations. Grab you stuff, head back to camp. See you guys tonight at  tribal.  Tash almost drown. She swallowed a . Of salt water. That's how quick  something like that can happen. But Kelley, we talked about it on the in.  Here we are sitting at four. Easy.  Good job, Spencer.  Are you feeling good? Are you feeling better?  Okay. You all got to tell me about the challenge. I missed it. At the  immunity challenge, my mind was saying, swim, live, and I feel like I’m drowning,  just taking in water. It's very scary for me.  Did you go under?  Several times. Like my legs did not move. I’m already not like the greatest  swimmer. I’m from the midwest. I’m comfortable in a swimming pool, but the  ocean is just a different animal, and I lost it.  You have to walk it off and think about it.  It's a scary thing.  At this point I’m so nervous about tonight because I suspect that maybe  wentworth, Keith and Spencer bonded on the reward, so I need to make sure  that Spencer is still with Jeremy, Kimmi and myself, because Abi must go.  We're still thinking the same, Tasha.  Yeah.  Well, I know you all got kind of a togetherness. We can count on...  All four of us together.  We're all good.  If we have four people, that's all that matters. As long as we're close.  You feel okay, right?  I'm good. As long as it's none of us.  As long as I’m still here, that's what matters at the end of the day. I’m just  thinking about who to bring to the end with me at this point.  Four is all we need. I’m not going to have to come to chicago and hunt you  down and I’m not going to have to come to brazil, am i?  You'll never find me in brazil. I just need to get to the end. My resume has  gone up a little bit, too, you know?  Okay. Here's the plan, we cannot let wentworth, Abi and Keith make it to the  end. That would be an abomination.  In this season.  Like maybe another season you're going to take her, like this season it would  be a disservice.  Right.  To the fans who voted us on, to all of the... The blind sides, why...  If that's the final three.  Really. Okay. Here's the plan. Abi. How do you feel about that?  I mean, I want to do what I said I wanted to do before. What makes sense for  me. Did you gate chance to talk to Kimmi.  Oh, yeah.  Day 39, guys. Do it.  All right.  I've had control of my fate for a long time in this game, and I don't want to  give it up, so tonight going into tribal, my two options are go with Kimmi, Jeremy,  Tasha and target the weak players who everyone wants to drag to the end, like  Abi.  It better be the four of us tonight. It better be for Abi tonight.  My other option is to go with wentworth, Abi and Keith and take out the big  guns and pray I get to the end with these guys. It's a breaking point now.  It's the final seven. It's a point of no return.  Jeff: We now bring in the members of our jury. Kass, Savage, Wiglesworth, Ciera,  Fishbach and Joe voted out at the last tribal council. So let's start with  the reward. Keith, you win your second individual challenge in a row. Big  reward to go back where this all began, back to the temples.  That's right, back to where we started. We got to eat inside a 1,000-year-old  temple. It doesn't get any better.  Jeff: Spencer, what is that like? It's a pretty unique experience?  Oh, yeah, it's the kind of reward that makes you feel connected to the  country you're playing "Survivor" in.  Jeff: So the flip side is you pick Keith and wentworth. You have a nice group  of three with this reward. Now four people are left back at camp.  Yeah, great experience, but I definitely thought, what am I missing? It's a  long time to be away.  Jeff: Tasha, the other big event we have to talk about, today's challenge.  You got a little overwhelmed in the water and had to be rescued. How are you  feeling now?  It's been rough all day.  Jeff: I got to believe that much just adrenaline and energy coursing through  your body, that when you finally get back the camp you're exhausted.  Exhausted mentally, physically, and I tried eo act like I wasn't. I thought I  was drowning.  That's scary.  Jeff: Spencer, how does an event like that impact the game?  Any event in "Survivor" is the opportunity for change, good or bad.   Jeff: Kimmi, has there been any talk about idols.  Idol talk always comes into play. It's like, oh, it could be here. Do we have  enough numbers to vote one way and have a back-up plan in case an idol is  played.  Jeff: Keith, Kimmi just said something I have rarely heard at tribal,  "do we have enough numbers." that would apply a group.  I think what you're going to see on the boat will get us back to where we  need to be.  Jeff: Spencer, "we," where we need to be.  I am officially in club wee.  Jeff: So Jeremy, Kimmi says we, and Spencer says, I’m a "we," too.  I was sitting at camp and there's five voting blocs. Everybody is part of a  we.  Jeff: Tasha, would you agree there are four or five groups of we?  I think people are keeping their options open, but while peep are focusing on  these option, they may be missing out on a window of opportunity to really  lock in because if you can get a we that will lock in, the outcome would be  more favorable for all of the wees.  Jeff: Is there anybody here that feels really confident that my we is going  to reign supreme?  I tell you what, I feel pretty confident that my wees will reign supreme.  Jeff: I love the honesty.  Let's do it. Time to vote.  Jeff: Spencer, why did you shake your head at that.  I admire his confidence because I’m still very nervous. This is a great for  tonight, but if it doesn't go my we's way, it's not so good for tomorrow.  Jeff: Jeremy, how confident are you in your we tonight?  In which we?  Jeff: Wow. And Abi, when you hear that, does that get you unnerved or  excited?  It's exciting because it makes me wonder which we I should go with myself. I’m  a risk taker, so we'll see. We will see.  Jeff: I guess it is time to find out which we will reign supreme tonight.  Time to vote. Abi, you're up.  Sorry, girl. I just want to make it another day.  Let's see how this goes.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Abi. Tasha. Abi.  Tasha. We're tied, two votes Abi, two votes Tasha. Abi. That's three votes Abi,  two votes Tasha. Keith. That's three votes Abi, two votes Tasha, one vote Keith,  one vote left. 14th person voted out and the seventh member of our jury, Abi.  You need to bring me your torch.  Good luck, guys.  Jeff: Abi, the tribe has spoken.  Well played.  Jeff: Time for you to go. Well, another blind side is the perfect setup for  what might be one of the most unpredictable finishes in the history of "Survivor."  grab you torches. Head back to camp. Good night. Access.wgbh.org stay tuned  for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on the season finale of "Survivor"...  You're not giving.  You're not either.  Jeff: This close to the end, no one is giving up their second chance without  a fight. Go!  Now it's all about staying alive.  We did not expect this.  Come to tribal tonight. Buy a ticket. It might be epic.  Jeff: First time in 31 seasons. Join us for the finale  i really thought that it wasn't my turn. The one time I think I’m safe. I got  blind sided. I will be at the final tribal, and I will be deciding who wins  $1 million. It was a great experience. I think that I gained a lot of  personal growth, and I’m happy not to be with those crazy people anymore.