<br/>Jeff: Welcome to the "Survivor: Second chance" reunion show live  where Jeremy, it was a clean sweep, all ten votes for for you. [cheering and  applause] so let's talk about... You were very clear, this was for the  family. What... Why did you think you couldn't tell anybody that your wife  val was pregnant?  My last season, I’m a firefighter with two kids, and everybody wants me out  because of the sympathy vote. Now you take a firefighter with two kids and he  has a baby on the way, eh...  Jeff: So was it always locked that she would be a loved one or was there a  debate...  I wanted her to be the loved one the whole time. I wasn't sure about flying  out. I would tell them that she was busy or she had baby is sitting problems,  but I needed to see her.  Jeff: What if there was a complication? Did you talk about, if this happens,  you call me, I’m coming home.  We talked about, anything with the pregnancy, anything with the kids, i'll  come home. That's what I’m playing for, so if something's wrong at home, I’m coming  home.  Jeff: I thought that last challenge when you and Kelley had these opposite  emotions, for you what I saw was 39 days finally coming out. How much wear  and tear did it take to not be able to share, to not be able to talk?  It was inside of me, and it was bubbling up the whole season, and finally I win  and I’m in the final three, and I want that just explode, and I still can't  explode because I want to hold on to that and tell everybody why I’m playing  this game.  Jeff: One of the big twists and I think the reason you guys played so hard is  you felt the pressure to live up to this idea of being voted in. Glenn, get a  big shot of everybody. Who here felt a different kind of pressure this season  than when you played before? It's really remarkable. Tasha, I think you said  at one point that when you were on your bottom at angor, it was the fans that  got you through?  Absolutely, that was my lowest low in the game. When it looked like I was  down 4-2, I thought about the fans and all the people who believed in me and  gave me a second chance, and I didn't want to let them down. I wasn't going  out without a fight. [applause]  Jeff: Ciera, what is it... What is the feeling? Why is it different when the  fans vote you in?  I guess for me it's like on a normal season you have the pressure of your  family only, and it's like they're watching for me there. This is why I need  to win, but now there's thousands of people saying, you know, not only did we  see you play one time, but we want to see that again.  Jeff: So it's not just a bunch of guys in the office at cbs daig...  It's not just a bunch of producers saying, this girl can do it. It's fans  saying, this is the cast, this is who is going the play. It creates this  pressure to make these big moves and play the game and play to win.  Jeff: So a lot of that big move game play came with idols. We did something  really fun this season where we hid the idols basically in plain sight. Jeremy  and when worth, what's the feeling when you have to do that and you know you  could get caught?  You get an idol, you think you find and idol and you're so pummed up and you  want to explode, you want that moment, and then it's a clue to an idol. Then  you go to go in front of everybody and now I got to worry about if they're in  front of us, are they watching me? Who else has an idol? Who else knows about  this clue? It's craziness.  Jeff: Wentworth, you had two. You had one in a challenge and you had one at  camp under the shelter with people coming back.  I did, yes. That's what you saw on the screen. That's how stressful it was.  Jeff: What is that? When you say it's stressful, is it a five stress level or  is that ten?  No, that's out of the building. You have no idea because if you get an idol,  it puts a target on your back, so you're like, crap, I really need, this and  I needed it the most because I was on the bottom pretty much the entire game  so for me it was just I need this. I don't want people to see me. What do you  do? My wheels are spinning. How do I get people out of here. I need this. It  was crazy. I can't explain it. So much stress. I've never felt that in my  life.  Jeff: There were so many big players this weekend, but one of the most  impressive was Kelley wentworth.  Hi. I’m Kelley wentworth. You don't always get second chances, and I’m not  going to waste it.  Wentworth wins!  I didn't take as many risks as I should have last time. How lucky am i? Okay.  Having a second chance, I want to be aggressive and be player. You know what,  Jeff...  Oh, my God.  That's right urge baby. This is a second chance. Go big or go home. [cheering  and applause]  Jeff: So I think everybody saw Kelley start to wither away. Kelley lost 31  pounds, which is 23% of her body weight. It really took a toll. Okay. Your  idol, the idol that kind of changed the game was when you nullified nine  votes against you and blind sided Savage.  Love you, Savage.  Brilliant play.  Jeff: So walk me through that moment. When did you make that decision?  Back at camp there was talk it would be myself or Ciera. I feel like I actually  had a pretty decent relationship with Joe and also Keith, and they were  floating in the middle. So on the vote I voted with them saying, I’m going to  vote with you to prove my loyalty with you. So next time when it came up, my  name on the chopping block, they did tell me, hey, it could be you. So that  was my social game, like coming out and then telling me, if I had not voted  for Kass, I love you, Kass, but if I had not voted for her, they would have  never told me that it could be me, so that's when I knew I’m going to have to  play this.  Jeff: And this leads us to one of the toughest decisions to make in this  game, to split or not to split the vote because it's not always the right  move. Savage, you guys decided in this case, we're not going to split the  vote. Why?  So we thought we could blind side wentworth. We thought she thought Ciera is  going to go home. Splitting the votes is highly complex. It can go very, very  wrong. We went around the room and said, does anyone think she's got an idol?  We thought, not a chance. She's got these little spanx, we would have saw it,  she would have told somebody. The information at the time, nobody thought.  Jeff: Now Fishbach, in your case, you do split the vote with enormous  confidence when you tried to vote out Joe, and it didn't work.  Yeah to, Savage's point, there's so little information that we have. And I think  that's often something that gets lost through the tv screen. You know, we...  You have no idea who has an idol. I thought Joe absolutely had an idol. I thought  he had two. He could to have had 15 idols. You think you know who is with  you. I thought Spencer with with me.  Jeff: Fishbach, let's get to the Joe thing, yes or no, were you too fixated?  You came out quoting "moby dick," the whale ate you, just like the  book.  Look at him, america's fixated on him, how could I not be? This guy is the  golden boy. We have to get him out. He's the star, if you let him get to the  end...  Jeff: Was that your mistake in the game, Fishbach, that you didn't step back  and resee the eyes on the prize so to speak?  I think absolutely. I think when you're in the moment and this golden boy...  This was my second chance story in my mind. I lost my first time to the  golden boy, and here he is. He's right here. He's finally vulnerable, how do  I not take that shot? How do I not try?  Jeff: You're saying once you get rid of Joe you're good to go?  I think problem with that, once j.t. Is gone I become your j.t., and if I go,  then he becomes your j.t. Or she becomes your j.t., so it's a cycle of j.t.s.   Jeff: Jeff Varner, explain to me why voting blocs evolved this season?  Well, I mean, this is a tough group. Everybody is good. Everybody knows  everybody's game. Nobody trusts anybody. Everybody is on the everybody. So  the alliances don't work. It's how in that moment you can get with whoever  you need to get to to get one more day, you know?  Jeff: Kelley, you had another idol that you made there at the end. I got to  say, one of our proudest moments from a production team was when we decided  to have the idols all look different, and here it is, you play right into it,  you make one. Keith, why not play the idol?  I just... I thought it was a cheesy way to go out.  It's for a million dollars, Keith!  I didn't want to go out like that. Ah, heck... [cheering and applause]  Jeff: Keith, where does that... One of the questions I got on the street a  lot other than do you have Joe's number... [laughter] was how does Keith...  You have this crazy Ability to balance and juggle and twist and fall.  I don't know. I think it just... It's challenges I’m good at, balancing, like  you said. I can't...  Ball savviness. I can't run as fast as Jeremy or jump as high.  Jeff: And you've been through a lot. You've talked about this at times on the  season. I think it's interesting your take on "Survivor," because  you really don't think "Survivor" is fun.  I don't. [laughter] it's not fun. It's a heck of an adventure, a heck of an  adventure, but fun? No.  Jeff: How close were you to truly getting up at that historic tribal and  saying, Kimmi, you can go?  I don't know. I don't know. I just thought it was the thing to do, right  thing to do.  Jeff: Does that make you emotional?  Little bit. I mean, heck.  We've all been emotional today. We've all been emotional.  Jeff: And Kimmi, you had to be thinking, Keith, justwalk to your torch, just  walk to your torch.  I wanted to be there, but I made a decision to own my game and try something,  because nobody wanted to take me to the end. And I had to deal with the  consequences of my chance. I mean, this was all about chances and timing.  Jeff: You were right, you tried to take out Jeremy. Your instincts were  right.  Unfortunately it didn't have the outcome I wanted.  Jeff: All right. Up next, a player so popular, kids want to be him, women  want to date him -- [cheering and applause] -- and guys just want the hang  out with him. Joe, he's so delicious, he even has his own cake pop. Look at  that. Man bun. No man bun. We'll talk to Joe when we come back. "Survivor:  Second chance" reunion. Nice shot of Woo. That is how you do it. We're  live in los angeles. Jeremy, I’m just looking at you in that seat thinking,  you got $1 million in your pocket. Or actually does val have it?  Man, I told you before val, gets it.  Jeff: My bad. All right, Spencer, so the first time you play, and you and I have  a history because I didn't have a lot of faith in you first time you played.  I thought you were brash and arrogant and saw people like chess pieces, and  you really swayed me. We wanted you to come back. We're so happy you got  voted inch you had a really clear direction. You wanted to grow as a human.  You were very vulnerable in letting us watch. What is that like for you to  come home and watch it?  It's a mixed bag. It's... The vulnerAbility actually was the good part of it.  I was happy to see myself emotional. I was happy to see myself politician a  game that I didn't play before, something new in myself. I think the bad was  just the second-guessing and the regretting decisions. I left that tribal  council, and I said, I have 0% chance of winning this game. I definitely just  kicking myself for a lot of decisions.  Jeff: You said something to me a few days ago that you actually stopped  watching the show.  Yeah. Yeah, I did. It's like I have this job that I love. I have my  girlfriend I love. And I wanted to just focus on that, and I didn't want to  watch Stephen getting voted own and said, should have voted out Jeremy. And  watch Joe getting voted out, should have voted out Jeremy. Basically I didn't  need to go to the end with this guy. So it's a lot of second gusing, and I wanted  to... It's first time as a super fan that I think the right thing to do is to  reverse the direction of obsessing over "Survivor," take a step  back.  Jeff: So how do you feel looking at that? Because a lot of people have come  up to me and said, I like Spencer because he's letting me watch him try to  become a better person. Do you think you've succeeded in that growth?  Yeah, I grew. I think that I did things, I built relationships that I couldn't  have built in cagayan, and that allowed know make moves and play a game that  I couldn't have played in cagayan. I expressed myself in ways they never  could have before.  Jeff: You told your girlfriend that you loved her.  And I do still today. I love you.  Jeff: Well, I appreciate you sharing your story like that. It's yet another  reason this season connected with people. We really did invest in you guys  and we wanted to watch your stories come to life. Every so often a player  comes around that connects with everybody, and I mean everybody.  Joe. Awesome, job.  Joe is just incredible. He's perfect.  He's "Survivor" macgyver.  Joe is really good.  I was a little distracted looking at Joe's body.  Jeff: Joe, one of the most fierce competitors in the game, the golden boy.  I can do anything I put my mind to.  Jeff: Joe wins his fourth individual immunity, remains undefeated.  You okay?  Good luck, y'all. [cheering and applause]  Jeff: Let me read a few stats from Joe's time in the game. Safe in the game  for 28 days. That is a record. Won six tribe immunity challenges in a row,  tied with Keith. Won four individual immunities, which is one shy of the  record. Ranks third in the most individual immunity wins behind boston rob  and ozy, but they played more seasons than you, and because of a great twist,  you were first player ineligible to vote at tribal due to his vote being  stolen by Fishbach. So, Joe, Woo right behind you went through this too when  kids just adore you, but this really exploded. What is that like really to be  just a guy, you're just a dude. You end up on "Survivor" and  suddenly everywhere you go it's Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe.  It's overwhelming. It's crazy. It's still surreal. I am just a normal guy. I grew  up watching the show. I remember being that kid that was watching boston rob  and ozzie and going, oh, my gosh, that's going to be me some day. I dreamt  that.  Jeff: And now there are kids, a lot of them right here tonight in our studio  audience saying, I want to be Joe.  I love them. And what's cool is all of you guys can play this game. Like you  can do this. And you can do this in your life and in "Survivor."  you can go out and conquer anything you put your mind to. So that's what's  cool about... It's goal setting, it's seeing that and manifesting whatever  you want.  Jeff: Speaking of manifesting, really interesting story with you in that  first time you played, your goal was to get your dad to the loved one, and  you fell short. This time you just made it. You got your dad to the loved  one, and he told you he loved you. So what was that like to see that intimate  moment, because he said, I don't know if i've ever told you this, but I love  you, and he does it in front of millions of people.  My dad was tough on me. It was tough love. We always respectedded each other.  I respect the hell out of my dad, but over time we had to develop a  relationship.  Jeff: So did this bring you closer?  I mean, this this is the.. I say it's like the plateau. This has brought my  family so close together. It's done tremendous things for our relationship,  and, yeah, it was great. It was an amazing thing to bring his dream, my dream  to fruition. And it was a special moment. I know we're both going to treasure  it forever.  Jeff: Good. I’m happy to hear that. [applause] and just to put into context  how popular Joe is, when Joe got voted out, okay, glenn, big wide shot. This  will be interesting. How many people who were in the game at that time got  hate mail for voting Joe out? Abi, Joe gets all the love. You get all the  hate.  But I do get a lot of love, too. I get some hate, but I do get a lot of love,  too. A lot of people loved that I voted him out.  It's a good move.  Jeff: Do you feel you were successful in your second-chance story in trying  to become easier to get along with?  I think I am my worst enemy, Jeff, unfortunately. That's the pure truth.  [inaudible] [laughter]  Jeff: All right. Listen, if you want to see more of these guys, your favorite  Survivors, Joe, Abi, whoever, there is a really cool online series we produce  called "ponderosa." it's life after you're voted out. It's an  extension of the show where each week another voted-out person joins  ponderosa and they all live together. So imagine that you're, say, Savage,  and he's at pond row centennial park and the person who blind sided you,  wentworth, arrives. That's what you get. You can check out all the episodes.  You can start tonight at cbs.com/Survivor. Still to come, another really big  moment this season is when Terry dietz left the game for family emergency.  This is a real second-chance story that will touch everybody.  People say "Survivor" is fun, it is pouring. I tell them hell no.  Anchor: You look like you're freezing.  I am freezing.  It's real.  We know. [cheering and applause]  Jeff: Welcome back. Well, it was a very difficult season of "Survivor"  in addition to mother nature. We had some truly dramatic medical moments. Tasha,  take me back to in the water, because that was the real deal, right?  That was the real deal, Jeff. At that point in the game, I think we're all  dehydrated. We're starving. And as you saw with Joe, your body just gives  out. Your mind is willing you...  Jeff: Looking at the footage of it, you were drowning.  I was literally drowning.  Jeff: To be clear to our audience, we have safety swimmers always around the  perimeter, but I’m sure to you they looked like they were a mile away.  I didn't think they were coming from me, Jeff.  Jeff: We're always watching. Joe, take us back to the moment when you fell,  because I think for everybody that was out there, including myself, I didn't  realize you passed out. I thought you just fell and you were done.  No, I was... I think tash hit it. You're just... Everything you're putting  into the game, mentally, emotionally, physically, is now getting to that  point where your body is just going to start to break down. There's nothing  you can do about it. I was seeing stars. I was seeing black, hands, legs were  starting to go numb.  Jeff: Do you remember me talking to you?  I remember me and you talking right before I passed out, and then I remember  you talking to dr. Joe, but it was like I was underwater. It was like you can  hear voice, but you can't make anything out. I remember waging up and you  were holding my hand and dr. Joe was taking my vitals and giving me some  glucose.  Jeff: And what we didn't have time to show, I’m sorry to say, Keith, because  we had so much happening in that episode, you weren't far behind. You were  very wiped out.  Very close, very close. I went to my knees. I didn't pass out. But I was  exhausted. Yeah.  Jeff: Well, beth of those moments came, we talked to the doctor a lot out  there, from literally pushing the body further than it wants to go until your  brain kicks in and says, I got to drop you because you're going to be in  trouble. That is commitment to the game. We saw a whole other level of commitment  when I had to wake up Terry dietz to tell him there was family emergency. Terry,  I just got a phone call from your wife.  My boy danny ended up being hospitalized.  Oh, Terry.  Jeff: So Terry, let's just be clear, when you left, your son was not sick.  No, no symptoms.  Jeff: So I come, I wake you up, immediately you said, I got it, let me get my  pack and tell the people I’m out of here. You didn't hesitate. We get you  home as fast as we can. What happens? You talk to the doctors. They tell you  what?  We realize danny is on his deathbed. He's got levels way below where our  hearts normally operate. And a heart transplant is a possibility.  Jeff: So when do you find out, when do the doctors tell you, okay, it's real,  he needs a transplant?  About a month into it we found out it was a genetic issue and his heart was  not going to get better. It was the worst day of our lives, especially dan  yes's, knowing that day he went on the heart transplant list on july 11th.  Jeff: So what, you just start waiting?  We go home on a bridge to transplant. That didn't quite work. A month, august  11th, he has an electrical pump put into his heart to pump the blood around  his body. That's called a ventricular assist device. He had a month on that  as a bridge to transplant. Dr. Daly, who is sitting out here tonight, calls  us up and says, I don't have a heart, I have theheart for danny, a perfect  match. [cheering and applause]  Jeff: How long was that? What day was that?  Three months until he had been originally admitted and two months on the  list. He beat the bell curve. We're so blessed and so lucky.  Jeff: Wow. I want to... [cheering and applause] I want to pop out here and  introduce you to the real hero in the story. Danny and his mom trish, who I’m  sure did a lot of heavy lifting. Stand up, guys. While dietz was out there.  We're so happy to have you here, buddy.  Thank you.  Jeff: So walk me through it from your point of view. What does this do to a  clearly tight family, and trish, for you, as well, from the mom's point of  view, this has to bring you guys closer.  Well, yeah, we were very close for three months. He was sleeping in my  hospital room, and they were like not far away in a hotel.  Jeff: So if your family, even though this is this traumatic thing, when you  come out of it, are you tighter?  Oh, yeah.  Absolutely.  Jeff: And trish, sorry to interrupt you, danny, one thing Terry was telling  me, because we were obviously communicating throughout the weeks trying the  figure out how things were going, is how much you took on before he got  there.  That was tough. I mean, we didn't really know what was wrong with him some he  was playing lacrosse. He was just being a 16-year-old kid, but he kept  getting sick and so I said, stop lacrosse, stop everything, which as you may  know, an athlete, they fall dead on the field, and that could have been  danny.  Jeff: So your instincts were really good.  I remind him of that a lot. [laughter]  Jeff: And I got to point out, the doctor and the nurses who did, this right  here, amazing job, saving lives. [cheering and applause] and doctor, I’m sure  you'll agree with this, if you aren't already a donor, after the live show is  over, have the conversation with your family, because you truly can outlive  yourself because the tragedy is somebody lost their life, they're outliving  themselves right here in this guy. Donate your organs. Up next, what are we  doing next season? It's very familiar and it's very different. We'll be right  back. [cheering and applause]  Jeff: Well, it is very hard, so hard to say good-bye to "Survivor: Second  chance," but I’m happy to say that as one season ends, another does  begin. Take a look. For our 32nd season, a new group of castaways take on the  greatest adventure on television.  I've been an electronics expert, a captain, a bartender, a photonics  manufacturing superslidesser, a chemist, caretaker to nuns and between jobs a  red lobster server.  I have a agree from mit and a perfect score on my sats. I think everybody  recognized I’m unusually intelligent.  I used to play in the nba for 11 years. I ran around and pushed people, and I  did it better than most people,. My friends call me caveman, let alone my  enemies. It's time far caveman to women.  I'm a woman taking care of my body, not just eating double cheeseburgers all  kay.  I am a gardener. I love all creatures. I want a gay, asian, 51-year-old to  win "Survivor."  i may not have all the brains, but I do have good looks.  I am a man's man, but at the same time, country boys like to dress up, too.  It's a time for a country boy to show its true colors.  Jeff: But what none of them though -- medical, medical, let's go! -- they're  about to face the most punishing season in "Survivor" history.  You are pulling him from the game.  My shoulders are just destroyed.  Jeff: We're right here with you. All right. Stay with us. It's going to be  all right.  Oh, my God.  We have an evacuation. Call for the chopper. Brain versus brawn versus  beauty. [cheering and applause] it's going to be good. Survivor: Brains,  brawn and beauty pierce in february. More "Survivor: Second chance"  after this.  Jeff: I love how many kids love this show. During the break little ava, a  little girl came down and gave us this painting. Kids, keep watching. You can  be on "Survivor" one day. If you want the play "Survivor,"  first step is you got to show us who you are. All the details are on  cbs.com/casting. A lot of you are sending videos on twitter, too. That's  cool. If you want to own a piece of "Survivor," bid on props from  this season for "Survivor" auctions dot com. Proceeds will go to  the danny strong fund at boston children's hospital to help kids just like  carrie's son danny. Bidding starts after the show. Thank you for your  loyalty. We love doing this show. We love that you keep watching, and we'll  keep making them for you. Good night. [cheering and applause]