<br/>Jeff: "Survivor" is the most physically demanding and emotionally  taxing game on television. It strips you to your core.  Oh!  Jeff: You're pulling yourself out of the game? While offering the opportunity  for you to prove what you're made of. For those who win-- winner of "Survivor:  Cagayan." the reward is grand-- a million dollars and a high that may  never be repeated. But for those who lose-- did Woo make a million-dollar  mistake-- the consequence is often a relentless nightmare of what-ifs that  never ends. Until now. I am so happy to say Kelly Wiglesworth, you will get a  second shot. Get up on that stage! This season, for the first time ever, we  turned "Survivor" over to the fans. 20 former players who have  played only once were selected by a nationwide audience vote. They're being  given a second chance to finish what they started.  Yes!  Jeff: Some have waited over a decade.  Jeff: They've traveled to cambodia, a country with the own stunning,  humbling, and powerful history that stirs the emotions. It serves as a vivid  reminder of how the past can haunt and provides the inspiration to seize  their second chance.  15 years ago, I was in borneo, first season, and I almost won.  Jeff: The winner of the first "Survivor" competition, rich.  I made it 39 days, and lost by one vote. But that's why I’m here. It's been  poking at me for 15 years little by little. I’m much stronger and smarter,  and I’m a mom now. I've given birth, okay. I can do anything at this point,  right?  I am living the dream. I have the perfect wife. My kid, they're amazing. I've  got a great job. I don't have any bad things in my life, except "pearl  islands."  Jeff: Andrew.  My exit, it's haunted me for 12 years, and I’m not over it, and to cure my  "Survivor" pain, I need to give it 1,000%. I’m going to leave  everything i've got in this game, and it will be epic.  Last time I played "Survivor" I was, frankly, cocky. Kass, zero  chance of winning the game. I thought about "Survivor" in terms of  chess, but I have done a lot of maturing. I've been emotional growing in that  time. People are not chess pieces and they need to be related to on a human  level. Being more emotionally aware, I think I’m in a better place in life  that i've ever been to play and win this game.  My experience in australia was cut way short, and I want to have that second  chance at my dream of getting to the end. The Angkor wat temples, that's a  total metaphor for this whole game because, you know, you get a little bit of  damage. But you know what? You can build yourself up. 14 years is a long time  to finish that last chapter in the book.  The last time I played the game I was with my dad. You don't want to come off  as like--  no, I know.  Like aggressive and you're saying what to do. Playing with my dad was my  downfall absolutely. I probably should have written my dad's name down but I can't  go back on that now. I can take this second chance, and I can make the moves  that I wanted to make and have a better game.  I really messed up my first time being scared early on. After discovering  that, like, I can socially work my way through this game, I started to say,  "okay, Ciera, let's start making some moves."  Jeff: 11th person voted out of "Survivor: Blood vs. Water."  unfortunately, I had to start with voting my mom out.  I love you.  And this time I want to be fearless and I want to be that person I was at the  end of the game at the beginning of the game and just leave it all out on the  island.  The first time I played "Survivor," I was nice Tasha. This is,  like, the least strategic game i've ever played. It's really silly. I didn't  want my family or my church members to be disappointed in the way I played  the game. When I returned home, my church members were saying, "you need  to be more aggressive. You need to lie and backstab like everyone else."  so if the saint think it's okay, it's okay. I’m here to win a million  dollars, and when it's all done, i'll pray for forgiveness.  This second chance means everything in the world to me. I jumped off a pole  in the outback for peanut butter and gave away a million dollars when I did  it. It's peanut butter.  Jeff: Anybody decides to bail, you can join me.  To replay that history over and over for 14 years really does a number on  you.  Jeff: Jeff, the tribe has spoken.  This is my opportunity to rewrite my own story. I’m more mature. I’m a lot  smarter, and I’m not jumping off anything for peanut butter.  Growing up as a kid, me and my dad would sit around and watch "Survivor."  it was really hard not getting my dad out here for the loved ones' visit. It  was something they really wanted to do to prove to myself that I could make  it that far in the game.  Jeff: Joe, the tribe has spoken.  Thanks, Jeff. I just came up short, and it was devastating. I think this is  my time to make it happen right now.  We all have a little devil in us. I was a bit of a troublemaker my season.  Good luck.  Chaos Kass, well, she lives somewhere deep within me. But if don't change,  someone's going to take me down. But I kind of like my legacy thus far. I like  the chaos. The the only thing that needs to change is their perception of me,  and then when the merge comes, if I’m there, all hell upon break loose.  You know, when I look back on my season, I made a lot of mistakes. I created  a lot of trouble. I am your friend. But if you ( bleep ) with me, you're  dead. That was a mistake. I threw coke nuts at scoopin's head.  Ow! God.  Sorry. That was a mistake. I was too blunt with lisa. Seriously, are you  insulting my intelligence right now? You're trying to freaking fool me? I’m not  stupid. I shouldn't have done that. But having a second chance to come back  and patch those little mistakes. But I like having fun. Villains have more  fun.  The last time when I played with my wife, half my mind was always with her.  Jeff: They're sending your wife to exile island. What's the feeling right  now?  I got nothing. It's emotional, you know, with val. I really love her, and I care  about what she's doing. I wasn't focused.  Jeff: Eighth person voted out and the second member of our jury.  So I was blindsided by my own alliance. I went home, took it hard. Now, I want  the money for val more than for me. I just need to go through this again. I’m  back for some redemption.  Jeff: Welcome to "Survivor cambodia: Second chance." ( cheers and  applause ) this is a very unique season because you are all returning players  who have played only once and didn't win, which is another way of saying you  failed in your goal. And you're being given a second chance to finish what  you started. To further fuel your motivation, you were chosen, voted in by  the very people who watched you play the first time, our audience. Ciera,  what does that feel like to know we didn't put out show. The fans put you on  the show?  I think there's definitely like an element of pressure because you don't want  to let, you know, your family down let alone now, america.  Jeff: Jeff Varner, you can argue that people might have forgotten about you.  It was 14 years ago.  A long time ago.  Jeff: How often have you thought about doing this again?  A lot. A whole lot.  Jeff: I can even feel or hear the butterflies coming through your voice.  A little bit, yeah. There's excitement. There are butterflies. There's  emotion. You know, there's a lot going on.  Jeff: Joe, you played in our most recent season.  Yeah.  Jeff: This is really like getting home, taking a shower, and coming back out  again.  Yeah, the transition was pretty quick. But I’m now with all the great players  they grew up watching, people that I kind of based my game after. Some of  these great players, I mean, Terry, the challenge beast. I was like man, I would  love to do that. They paved the way for this game.  Jeff: And we have to check in with Kelly Wiglesworth.  Right here, Jeff.  Jeff: The first runnerup of our very first season 15 years ago.  It's weird when I hear Joe say, "i grew up watching "Survivor."   we're old, man.  Jeff: One vote, Wiglesworth, it was one vote.  Yeah.  Jeff: That richard hatch beat you by. How often do you replay final tribal  council?  Every day.  Jeff: All right, 20 players from 30 seasons, all with one thing in common--  you've been waiting for your second chance. Your second chance is here. Let's  get going. ( cheers and applause ) inside your boat, you'll find a bag of  buffs, along with a map to your new tribe beach. Two boats on the left, we  have Wiglesworth, Woo, Shirin, Vytas, Abi, Deitz, Jeff Varner, Spencer, and Kelley  wentworth. Your tribe name takeo. Two boat on the right, Ciera, tash  afishback, Savage, Jeremy, Monica, Kass, Joe, Keith, and Kimmi. Your tribe  name is Bayon. Both tribes named after famous temples of Angkor wat. This  boat, supplies that will make your life back at camp a whole lot easier. On  my go, you will get off of your boat, race on this boat and gather as many  supplies as you can. There's a twist-- 100 yards from the boat I am on is  another boat. Hanging on that boat one large bag of rice. The first person  who retrieves the bag wins for their tribe. So your dilemma becomes how much  time do you spend on this boat gathering the supplies you need to make a  camp, and when do you get off, release your raft, and start racing for the  rice? This is essentially your first challenge as new tribes. And it gwynns  now. You got to get on this boat and start gathering supplies quickly before  somebody else takes everything. Nothing easy about "Survivor."  spence ser up first. Here's Joe. Let's go, keep moving! Climb your way up! 20  people trying to get as much as you can, 15 years for some of you, all this  energy has been pent up, finally being released. This is it, your second  chance is happening right now. People up top, people down below, everybody  working together.  Stephen, Stephen! Drop it. Here.  Jeff: At some point you're going to have to release your raft and start for  that rice. It's a game of chicken. There are pots, there are pans. Watch your  heads. Stuff flying everywhere. Varner with a big load coming down. What is  valuable and what is not?  We're about load down.  We gotta go.  Jeff: Takeo it heading out. Bayon is getting ready to head out. Once you're  ready, release your raft. Use that machete to chop the rope. Takeo is on  their boat. Varner releasing. Takeo is released. Bayon is on their boat. Joe  is chopping. You're good, get in! Let's go! It is now a race to the rice.  Which tribe will work together the best straight out of the gate? 15 years  ago, it was Wiglesworth who was the river guide. This time she is swimming  ahead of the raft. Takeo out to the early lead. Bayon having a lot of  trouble, nearly sinking their raft.  Can someone swim it?  Yep.  Keep going. Get me close.  Jeff: Wiglesworth still outswimming the raft.  She's going to wear out.  Stroke! Stroke!  I'm going for it.  Good luck.  Yeah, Joe!  Jeff: Joe now in the water for Bayon. He's making a move trying to catch Wiglesworth.  We've got a challenge now! Woo now in the water for tack takeo.  Go, Woo, go.  <br/>Jeff: He's passing Wiglesworth. Joe trying to catch Woo. It is going to be Woo  to the boat first.  Whooo!  Jeff: Woo has the rice for takeo. Head out to your beaches. Second chance is  on. 39 days, 20 people, one Survivor.  Spotting our flag, I wanted to cry I was so stoked. It was like when I first  received my first black belt, it's super honorable. ( cheers )  oh, man. Awesome! Good job.  Happy to be here.  Going into this second chance, I’m not only playing for myself. I feel like I’m  playing for everyone that voted for me.  Oh, wow. That's a nice beach.  We can put the rice right here.  We can name this one but we can't kill it.  It's nice to meet you in the flesh.  Yes, it is. No brother, no dad, we're good.  Mr. Jeff, good to see you. Seeing the beach, it was just day one borneo all  over again. What do you guys say we start building some stuff? My first  thought is let's get camp going.  We can use that crotch in the tree right there and run a beam over to about  here. Sound good?  Sounds great.  That way we get a nice breeze coming across here.  Perfect.  To me it's important to work hard and be useful in camp, and it was  immediately clear who the workers were-- Terry, me, Woo.  We're going to a-frame it this way?  No, no, this way.  Spencer.  Opening that way.  When people don't have anywhere to sleep and when it starts raining, they're  going to remember, hopefully, that I was there working and building a  shelter. There doesn't get any more old school "Survivor" than me.  That's it.  Thank you. It's been a long time since I played, and I believe there is a  huge difference between old school and new school. They can probably go on  top on this side and latch to the bottom on that side.  Okay.  One of the big differences now is the fact that the game almost immediately  is played when you hit the beach. Whereas in old school, it was kind of like  we needed shelter, and we needed fire. So that the braces will be nice and  tight. My social game over the past nine years has haunted me a bit. As we're  building the shelter, I hear my wife's voice in my ear going, "don't let  people walk off all by themselves." make sure you're getting into the  social game because, you know, it's a big part of "Survivor."  how are you feeling?  I'm excited to be here.  You're going to be like the backbone. We have you, you're the person here who  can make fire, who can do this stuff, better than I can, definitely, better  than most people can.  We'll see if they can get it going.  The challenge beast.  You know, I’m good with the team stuff now but my son, he's a "Survivor"  fanatic, and he wrote me up a dossier on everybody. And he goes, "you  need to align with Spencer. He's a good kid. He's solid. He's loyal."  Terry's children, thank you for having your dad trust me because I don't  trust anyone and I’m going to do what's best for me.  I've got your back.  Definitely, like, I want to play solid, predictable, rational guys.  That means a lot to me, man. It really does.  I'm a new-school player but I’m an ever-school fan so it's important for me  to have real relationships and know what people are thinking. I want to have  more one-on-one conversations in the first three days here this time than I had  in my entire game in cagayan. Cagayan.  I really am weirded out about my bag.  Whose bag is that?  It's not mine. Do you have anything in your bag?  Yeah, my bracelet. I am worried because my bag disappears, nowhere to be  found.  Abi, up to the take this bag?  I want my bag. My bracelet is inside. I have this, like, leather bracelet  with, like, some gold stuff in it-- not real gold but like, you know, it's my  super powers bracelet. It was hanging on that tree and it's just nowhere to  be found.  It's here.  It's really weird.  <br/>There's nothing in her bag that she needs right now but her bracelet.  How weird. The last time in the philippines, I totally let me emotions get  the best of me, and that was one of my downfalls. I looked inside every bag.  My bracelet's not inside and my bag is nowhere.  You checked on the ones on the tree there.  Yeah. This time around I told myself that I was going to control my emotions  and my temper, and that's part of the game that I want to play right now. But  it's so hard for me not to pull out the fangs.  Hit the nail. Hit it! * * I got my rhythm.  It's hollow. It's hollow.  The tribe seems to be in really good spirits. Everybody is working around  camp. Everybody is getting along. We kind of have, like, a really peaceful  mantra about us, and I’m hoping by coming out here a second time I can  rewrite my story.  You remember this, tash?  I do, I do.  We didn't have palm fronds so this is my learning curve.  One of my true talents in life.  Isn't this crazy we're all back here again.  Yeah.  I'm so happy. I love it.  Ain't going to be able to hang off it, but it will hold. I never thought i'd  make the cut but here I am. Happy to be here now.  Let's get the frame built.  There you go.  Last time I kind of coasted on by for a while, even without an alliance. That  gets you all the way to fourth, big deal. Fourth place is a hard pill to  swallow. So I’m not going to change a lot but maybe tweak a little bit.  And we make our lean-to. It doesn't have to be deep, just right off the edge.   Second time is going to be a whole lot different. No fumbling this time.  Actually, this is a new season, right? We're putting everything behind us?  Everything is in the past, and this is, like, season 31. We'll move on, and  we're good. With the tribe I feel good. I knew my season that they saw me as  a threat, so I figure, let me talk to Keith. The only thing I’m hoping is if Keith  hears my name that he comes back to me. In my head, Keith, we were good.  Me, too.  I'm trying to go strategically, and really use my head this season. So I wanted  Tasha, probably the strongest female out there.  As long as it's not me, I’m cool.  And I wanted Savage. Savage seems like a real straight-up guy, another  physical threat.  I'm telling you, I got your back.  We're good. What about fish?  I don't have a good feeling about fish.  But my number one that I wanted was Joe. There's no bigger shield out here  than Joe.  We've got an awesome, awesome-- awesome group.  Definitely.  Savage is on board.  Yeah.  I like it.  Cool.  And it kind of worked out that way, and I think it will be so dumb for  someone to mess this up. Y'all are putting in work. And I feel like we have  the stronger group. We could really move on in this game. We could make some  noise noyes. We just have to stick together and get each other's back.  Did I tell you this-- this is a true story, I have to tell you this-- my  daughters will kill me. I have a 17-year-old and a 15-year-old and we're  watching your taken and I’m sitting in between my daughters and my  17-year-old didn't-- wasn't-- didn't realize she was talking out loud and she  goes, "he's perfectment. And then my 15-year-old goes, "yes, he  is." and I said, I said, "ladies, I’m sitting right here."  dad! One thing I learned last season was I’m the biggest threat, so you gotta  make moves to ensure you go deeper in the game. So either the alpha males go  at each other or they align and come together and work together. In the case  of, like, Jeremy and Savage, I think we all are kind of on the same page of  let's help each other help each other.  Hey, you guys. Y'all are killing it. Let me just say.  Go, Andrew!  Andrew, you're the man!  Timber! Down comes the tree. ( cheers ).  I'm so impressed with the guys, seriously. It makes a difference.  I feel exactly like felt last time, out of place on a tribe with guys who are  not like me. A Fishbach out of water once again.  It could be the same narrative as it was for me in tocanes, where I was out  of place and connected with a people who was in his element and we went to  the end. J.t., he destroyed me in the end. I’m not going to make that mistake  the next time. All these manly men on my tribe, it is my nightmare.  Are you good at weaving?  No. Either I’m going to be totally in charge of my tribe-- this is a mess. Or  I’m going to dramatically overplay and flame out really quickly.  I need some water. I’m a little dizzy.  It's hot.  I just had a moment.  There's a lot of excitement, too, today.  A lot.  Adrenaline.  And we're all tired.  When I played "Survivor" the first time I got put on a tribe with  all women and they were gunning for me hard and I was fortunate enough to get  myself in their good grace. I’m happy we're on the same tribe, you and i.  I'm happy, too.  Some people would say he manipulated those women. I didn't manipulate the  women. I manipulated some of smir perspective and that's what "Survivor"  is about and I’m good at that. Where are you from?  Hong kong.  A really good friend of mine looks just like you, chinese, freckles,  beautiful.  Thank you.  Beautiful, beautiful, great thoughts. But at the same time I don't want to be  perceived as a manipulator because that's a threat, especially early on. I never  talked to you before.  I know! It's good to be here us "blood vs. Water" people. I know!  I want the women to think he's a sweet guy. He's down to help out. He's a  nice person. I want to give him a chance to see what he's like. Don't stress.  Don't stress.  To me, Vytas comes off as smarmy, and that's how I read him in his first  season and that's how I’m reading him now.  Hammer that nail into me, Woo, hammer it into me.  So right out of the gate I want to pull away some clear people that I want to  work with and just lock it down right off the bat. Because it's a rare  opportunity to get a second chance ever, let alone at this game, and I’m not  going to squander it. So Vytas is super well connected. I don't know if you  guys put this together, Vytas is connected with Terry through aras.  That's a good point.  And aras and Terry are now super close, which means Vytas and Terry arecrose  and they're probably laying low about itt. Vytas has clear connections and he  has very clear connections to the other tribe as well. Ciera and Vytas played  "blood vs. Water" together.  You're very observant. I i have to get in the mood for this.  You just have to warm up.  Shirin is talking a mile a minute. This train took off and I’m glad I got on  it. I just got on it. I don't care who is pulling me in the Woods. Yes is  your answer.  I feel good about Kelly.  I don't know her, but I love her.  I think we can get her to vote with us.  It's like, damn, mama! Slow down! I just got here. The train will only go as  fast as its conductor will take it. And she hit the gas. What just bit my  ass.  We can figure that out--  let's get water.  P.g., I just think we're going to need to feel her out.  When I did it the first time in the outback, it was all about the adventure.  It wasn't about the strategy at all. I haven't played "Survivor" in  15 years. Is this the way you do it now is I’m so out of my element right  now. I feel like I don't know what to do. I don't know where to turn. I don't  know if it's 15 years waiting for this dispiewnt here it is but it's coming  at the right time for me. I'll be 50 next year. That's a big year, and most  men my age go through a midlife crisis. They buy a corvette. They cheat on  their wives. I go on "Survivor." it's not about a midwife crise.  It's about a midlife quest, and the second half of my life begins with "Survivor:  Second chance." I just feel so weird, I feel like the baby.  Okay, so where's my bracelet?  One of those that's hanging?  No, it's not. I looked everywhere. She has my bag.  I found it.  Inside Peih-Gee's bag, my bracelet.  That's Peih-Gee's bag?  Well, her name is here. I don't know what to think. But I found my bracelet.  There was one bag with a name pag, Peih-Gee. And I stick my hand in there,  and first thing they grab out of the bag is my freaking bracelet. That's very  interesting, right?  Are you gonna say anything?  No, but I know now. I found my bracelet inside Peih-Gee's bag. I found my  bracelet.  You did?  Inside Peih-Gee's bag.  No way.  I swear to God. Do you think she inadvertently?  I don't want to say anything. I’m going to give the benefit of the doubt.  There was no reason for her to steal my bracelet but in my head I’m like, hm,  maybe she was trying to waken the brazilian dragon. Even though deep inside  sometimes I want to scream and let the temper take over me, I can't let this  happen. It's my second chance. I have to play smart. It's just funny because  i've been look ago I was very vocal about it, right?  Yeah, no, you were.  Very vocal about it.  Abi-Maria, she was causing weirdness around this bracelet of hers that she  thought I took, and I was just like, you know, what? I just want to  straighten it out with her because I don't want her to think I stole her damn  bracelet.  I heard your bracelet was in my bag.  Yeah, it was in your bag.  You know what happened, there was a bag with no name tag on it hanging up.  That was my bag.  And I didn't realize. I didn't know there was anything in it, so I just  grabbed it--  no, I gave the benefit of the doubt.  Yeah yeah, I just want you to know, because I know you were looking for it so  much.  I was. I was looking for it a long time.  The last time I was on "Survivor," I didn't form the relationships  that I should have. I've learned you make friends but you keep your enemies a  little bit closer. All right, so we're cool. I didn't want you to think,  like--  like, I told you, I was giving you the benefit of the doubt.  Oh, look, they're trying to make fire.  Whew! This is a big part of the game right here, like the most important,  fire, water, shelter.  I mean, you can smell it. It's coming.  Yeah.  These didn't work on my season, so I don't know, but one way to focus the light  is take a leaf and put a pinhole in it.  Or a drop of water.  Yeah. Out here second chances it kind of sets a tone for everyone like this  is it. I was a little worried about getting voted back in because I flipped  off someone but I think people know I’m going to play and you're going to  have fireworks. A lot of people are here to prove something. I just want to  win. I don't care how I do it.  I think he's trying to look for an idol.  Oh, really?  I'm going looking for Wood. I couldn't help myself looking for the idol  because fidon't find that idol, someone else is going to find it. But this is  a huge, huge beach, and there are a lot of trees. I walked into this  disgusting, muddy swamp. It was nasty. I don't imagine Jeff Probst is going  into that swamp to hide an idol but, you know, it's game on. This is the  perfect place it find an idol, some crazy bog in the the middle of nowhere. I  need the idol, or I need to create a solid link with some people who  hopefully won't judge me for being a nerd? I’m sure people noticed that I was  looking for the idol. I hope I’m not getting branded with that idol-- I probably  am-- Fishbach is looking for the idol. Dang it.  You got it, brother.  You got it. You got it.  It's a beautiful thing.  You got it.  We got fire!  Joe!  Yay!  That's team work!  Team work makes a dream work. ( applause ).  Awesome job.  How awesome is that?  This is what I’m talking about.  Good job, Joe.  I'm still just in awe of the fact that Joe got fire.  Just had to start from swrach. That is all.  And I prayed over it.  That was all you.  And Joe was just incredible. In this environment, with this humidity. We  thumped mother nature on day one by getting fire and that, I think, is a  great sign of things to come.  Cheers to "Survivor."  my world is spinning. Day two, I feel like i've never played this game  before. It's odd. It's hot. And I want to cool off. This game is way too  fast. I can't keep up with it. But I’m playing hard. And I’m trying not to  look like I’m playing hard but I’m playing hard. Who do you see in groups so  far, just to make sure we're on the same page.  I feel like it's the shelter people.  The shelter people?  Right.  Versus the beach people.  Are we beach people?  I don't know because i've done both, you know what I mean? I've walked the  beach and i've worked the shelter. There are to divisions happening on this  beach right now. There's the people who built the shelter, the old-schoolers.  Old school wants to do it the way old school did it-- you work and that's  what your value is. And the new school wants to just take off running down  the beach and get me into an alliance. But I don't want to turn on the  shelter people, my old folks. I don't want to do that. I feel like I’m in a  weird situation.  So am i.  I think you and I are in the same seat, actually.  If you were forced to pick somebody for a first boot--  i think Shirin wanted to get rid of Vytas.  I think we need to lose somebody like Abi.  It's my second chance, and I’m in something i've never been in before and I don't  know what to do. Old school-new school. What do I do?  Good morning!  Good morning, sunshine.  We need water.  I think I definitely have to take into consideration the game that I played  last time. You know, you didn't take as many risks as I should have. You don't  always get second chances, and I’m not going to waste it. And generally,  hidden immunity idol is already in camp when you get there. So I expected in  a second chance season that there's definitely going to be one. So many palm  fronds. Working so hard. I took on the task of getting palm fronds and  coconut and I knew that would give me an opportunity to potentially look for  an idol. Put things on the path, when people come by, I can be oh, look. I’m putting  things out for you to take back. Yeah. Sneaky, sneaky! Where is the idol?  Errrr. Everything looks the same here. If you were an idol, where would you  be? Where would you be? Eww. Not in there. I looked for a long time, and then  I happened to walk by one tree. Oh! Shut the ( bleep ) up! Oh, shut up. Oh,  my God. Okay. Okay. Whew! That is amazing. I just found-- I think I just  found the hidden immunity idol. Okay. Oh, my God. This is huge. Oh, my God! I  hope-- what is it? Congratulations, you found a clue to the hidden immunity  idol. Okay, I jumped the gun a little. "security you seek is within  reach but it will require you to be daring. Near the end of your next  immunity challenge you'll place your raft on a stand made of foul small  tripods. Ticked up under the right front tripod is the hidden immunity idol.  The only question is are you bold enough to grab it in the middle of a  challenge? If so, the immunity is yours." usually the hidden immunity  idol is in camp. For it to be at a challenge is crazy because everyone can  see you if you're not sneaky enough. This is amazing. If I get to the  challenge and feel like I can pull it off-- I’m so happy-- i'll try to grab  it. Otherwise, it will be super obvious.  Bayon, it's any time. Come on! It is go time. This is our official flag.  That's bad-ss. That's awesome. 15 years waiting to return, the first  challenge ever done. And then the first player is voted out. Now it doesn't  seem so fun.  First challenge.  Our first challenge is going to be the very first Survivor challenge on the  very first "Survivor," and to be able to get the first tree mail  after waiting so long, it's-- you know, you get these little butterflies in  your stomach.  This is "Survivor," but this is a family, right. We are 10 strong,  harmony. And in this challenge, everybody here is going to get gassed.  Yeah.  Right, and we pick each other up.  Tree mail kind of gets me nervous. It's no secret that I’m one of the  smallest people here and the first time I played I always tried to downplay  that and not make a big deal out of it. But now I just want to make sure I hold  my own. I think I’m stronger now.  Now just go down. Let out, like, all that out. All that nastiness.  Joe down there doing yoga, and I don't do yoga. I get nupt morning know I have  a cup of coffee and go to work, like 99% of americans do. Nobody wants to see  me bend over and get contorted out there and all that. I think Joe is a  free-spirit pretty boy with the hair. Yeah, great, great around camp. Peel  stuff, chop stuff. Butioca, that-- that's Joe.  At the top of your breath.  Today, we did some not yoga, some joga. And, honestly, I was a little  distracted. You know, I’m trying to breathe, but all I could think about was Joe's  body. How can you focus looking at Joe? But I think we are in a good mental  place to win this challenge. So I’m excited. We're pumped.  Walk your feet back right about there. Now pull your himself back, press your  heels down, drop your chest in. It's like a modified version of downward dog.  We call it puppy dog. Feel the length in your torso.  Before the challenge, Vytas showed me some of his yoga moves.  Remember you can do it against a tree like this.  I'm going to have trouble remembering.  Against the boat, like this.  I'll need a quiz later.  And this is another good one. If you're feeling hunched over--  he can be so over the top. He's so yoga! And svrinivasa, monkey pose.  Lift across the chest. Opening up across the armpits and the collar bones.  Vytas just going around just, like, trying to flirt, and it's annoying me.  It's not sexy in any way. Like, just go away. You're like a bug. Get away. So  I want Vytas out, like, done. He's dead to me. He's annoying me.  You could even do it on something like the shelter here. It's just all  about...  She's looking at your idol.  I don't want to see that.  Abi, want some yoga?  No.  How are you feeling? How is your body feeling?  I'm feeling great.  Abi's a tough person to deal with. She gets annoyed with people on a dime and  Abi sent me some negative vibes this morning. I wouldn't be surprised if Abi  whispered, "let's get out Vytas." I need to make sure I don't get  too comfortable. My mistake last time was my lack of awareness and  overconfidence.  We want to win the challenges, but I was thinking it would be Abi right off  the bat.  It would be smart to get out Abi because we could get every single person on  board because nobody likes her. But this is still the beginning of the day.  Somebody might do something real stupid later in the day. Somebody might do  something bad in the challenge. If the tide is going in Abi's direction, I’m going  to have to just, like, let it go.  Jeff: Come on in, guys!  The first immunity challenge. All I could think about was the hidden immunity  idol. That's all I had on my mind.  Jeff: All right, you guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Oh, yeah.  Yeah!  Jeff: I like the enthusiasm! For today's challenge, both tribes will race out  to a raft where you will light a torch. You'll use that torch to light a  series of fires, making your way to a stand where you will place your raft.  Then one person from each tribe will use sticks and rope to fashion a long  pole. You'll use that pole to retrieve a key. First tribe to open their gate  and light their final fire wins immunity, is safe from the vote.  Yeah!  Jeff: You all know this is what you want in this game. This is security and  certainty. Without it, you could be in trouble. In addition, you are also  playing for reward.  Nice!  Jeff: Massive "Survivor" fire-making kit. Flint, kerosene, matches.  You've got a tarp for your Wood. Makes life a whole lot easier. Losers,  tribal council where somebody will be the first person voted out of "Survivor:  Second chance." this challenge is very special in "Survivor"  history. Quest for fire was the very first challenge ever run in our first  episode. Kelly Wiglesworth was there. She lost.  Thanks for reminding me, Jeff.  Jeff: So this is a second chance with really big stakes. Give you a minute to  strategize, we'll get it on. All right, here we go. Immunity and fire on the  line! Survivors ready? Go! This is it, your first challenge at second  chancer. You cannot move your raft until everybody is here.  Come on, come on.  Jeff: Tasha last to get there.  Let's go!  Ta Keo is first. Bayon right behind them. You have to work together to move  that raft. It takes a lot of communication. Keith has the torch for Bayon. Spencer  going to get the torch for Ta Keo. Spencer has the first fire for Ta Keo. Keith  has the first one for Bayon. We are neck and neck. Spencer has the second  fire. Keith haslet second fire for his tribe! Keith lost his fire. Gotta get  it lit, Keith!  Light it again!  Jeff: Keith losing valuable time.  Come oKeith.  Jeff: Spence are for Ta Keo. Light that third fire.  Come on Keith!  Jeff: Keith struggling with that fire. Keith reaching for that third fire for  Bayon. He's got it. Spencer has the fourth fire lit for Ta Keo. Bayon is  slowing down now. Ta Keo is starting to pull ahead.  Go!  Jeff: Spencer has the fifth fire for Ta Keo. Head out! Keith reaching for Bayon.  He's got it! Ta Keo with the early lead. Still lighting fires.  Go!  Jeff: Keith continues to struggle with the fire. That's costing time. Keith  has the fifth fire for Bayon.  Come on.  Jeff: Ta Keo has all their fires lit. Now you've got to place your raft on  the stand!  Good job.  There, go! It's in, go!  Jeff: It is Kelly Wiglesworth going to go to work.  Come on, Kelly, you've got this.  Jeff: On the sticks and ropes to passion a pole long enough to get a key.  I looked back and thought crap I missed an opportunity to get an idol. As  much as I want the idol, I don't want somebody to see me get the idol because  then they might target me.  Jeff: Bayon finally back. Who's going to do it? It's going to be Joe working  for Bayon. Kelly for Ta Keo.  You got this, Kelly.  Kel, i've seen this done. Just do it right the first time.  Jeff: You've got to make the pole long enough and strong enough to retrieve  the key.  One more.  One more.  Way ahead, keep going.  Jeff: A lot easier said than done. It is a long throw to that key.  You're in awesome shape. You got this.  This one should do it right here.  Easy, easy.  Jeff: Kelly going to give it a go. Let's see if she's got enough.  Keep it flat, right?  Keep going, Joe.  It's going to break.  Not long enough, kel.  Jeff: Kelly going to be far short. She's got to add some more sticks.  Do it, Joe.  She's out of stick.  Come on, Kelly, hurry. You gotta, baby, you got it.  Take your time.  Jeff: Joe now going to give it a shot. Does he have enough pole and is it  strong enough to get there? It looks long enough. Is it strong enough?  Go from the top.  Jeff: Huge immunity on the line! Nobody wants to go home! Can he get there? Joe  reaching if that are key. He's all around it. Is his pole strong enough to  get it off? Wiglesworth going for it now. Can she get there? Joe on that key  trying to lift it off.  Up, up.  Jeff: Wiglesworth gets the key. Joe's got the key. Wiglesworth can't get it. Joe  slowly moving the key.  Don't drop it. Don't drop it.  Jeff: It's working! Joe has the key! Can he get it back? Yes! Spencer coming  in now to try to catch up for Ta Keo who has one shot. Bayon working on that  lock while Spencer tries to reach the key. Can he do it? He's on it! No! It  dropped short. Bayon through the gate. One fire left to burn for the win in  the first challenge of "Survivor: Second chance." Bayon wins  immunity! Sending Ta Keo to tribal council.  Unbelievable!  I blew it.  Jeff: Bayon, congratulations. First challenge. Nobody going home from the Bayon  tribe. Grab your reward, head back to camp. Enjoy the night off.  Thank you, Jeff.  Jeff: Wiglesworth, 15 years later, same result.  Same result.  Jeff: Do you feel a little responsibility?  Oh, absolutely. I feel 100% responsible. We had a strong lead, and that was  where we fell behind, and that was my fault, and I take it all on.  Seriously.  Jeff: Yeah, you're emotional. Is that because you just don't like to let  people down?  She hasn't let us down, Jeff.  She's awesome.  Don't worry.  Jeff: All right, Ta Keo, got nothing for you except a date with me tonight at  tribal council, and we are heading to tribal council right now.  We don't have a second to talk about game play, strategy, nothing.  I am nervous as hell going to a tribal without getting your ducks in a row.  We have a tribe with Abi-Maria, Jeff Varner, and all the crazyies under the  sun. If the worst-case scenario happens, it's equivalent to all of your ducks  getting shot by a rifle at once.  Jeff: Behind each of you is a torch. Go ahead and grab a torch, dip it in and  get fire. This is part of the ritual of tribal council because in this game,  fire represents your life. When your fire's gone, so are you. So, Spencer,  what does "second chance" mean now that you're here and you were  voted in by the very people who watched you play?  Yeah, there's an entire new element of heartbreak when you consider that if  you go home tonight, you're letting down yourself, friends and family, and  now, everyone who wanted to see you have that second chance.  Jeff: Woo, what did you notice in those early moments? Because sometimes  right out of the gate people are scrambling and talking and making alliances.   Absolutely. Immediately, you can see a big division happening. There's the  old-school way of playing where, hey, let's build a shelter. And then the  new-school way is let's go strategize, let's go talk. And it was very clear.  Jeff: Deitz, do you agree with that?  Yeah, i'd say so, and I’m part of the old-school regime, and we were busy  building, not getting much of a chance to talk and then after a while sat  down with a few people and we started talking and that's a big part of the  game.  Jeff: It's a huge part of the game.  Yeah. It was an eye opener to see it happening that fast. It really was.  Jeff: Peih-Gee, how important is it to assess where you were when you played  the first time and adapt to get to where you need to be when you play the  second time?  That's what "second chance" is about. Did you learn from your  mistakes the first time? Are you able to correct them? I think i've been  trying really hard to kind of split the difference between camp life, getting  to know everybody. You know, you can't get stuck making the same mistakes  that you did the first time.  Jeff: Abi, what's your second chance about?  It's about growth. It's about learning from my mistakes. You know, I have had  situations where I could have been a very firecracker, and i've been able to  count to 10 and just hold back and reach the next level of my confidence.  Jeff: Vytas, you have one element of your second chance story that's unique.  You have a loved one who not only played but won.  Yeah, not only did aras win this game, but aras beat Terry. Of course, I would  love to win it, but if Deitz outlasts me aras will always rub it in and say,  "i beat Deitz, you couldn't beat him."  Jeff: Wiglesworth. How of an impact will it have that we left directly from  the challenge and came here and you didn't have the expected time to go back  and huddle in your corners?  I think it will impact the vote in a big way. I don't know if anybody know  where's they stand. For me, like everybody else, I’m trying to catch up.  Jeff, I think people know what's happening here tonight. I don't care what  they stairk there's been a lot of work on this beach in the last three days.  Jeff: Vytas, how do you feel about that? Is this going to be a random, gut  instinct vote or are there factions already?  I think enough people have talked, I think enough people understand who they  want to work with, where they stand. So it's completely not random tonight.  Jeff: Woo, how big is tonight's vote?  It's very critical and will set the tempo of the game. And for me personally,  I have no idea. I’m sitting here right now, and honestly, I don't know where  I’m going.  Jeff: And, Abi, the interesting thing about that is now you want to look at  who Woo's looking at.  Right now now I see the division clearly.  Jeff: And what is it?  Clearly a melding that's going on with them.  Jeff, there's not a male thing going on. I think at this point in the game  tribe unity is the most important part of where who you are voting for.  Jeff: Abeerk are you rocking back and forth.  I feel nervous. &gt;. Jeff: If it's you who goes home tonight, where will this story sit with you?  Heartbreaking, I’m not ready to go.  Jeff: Woo, what is it like to hear somebody say it will be heartbreaking.  It's tough, obviously, but at the end of the day it's how well you get along  with everybody else.  It's obvious he's voting for me tonight. Now, I know.  Jeff: And deeper than that, abeerk he's hitting on the thing you said you  wanted to work on, your social skills.  Right, there is always room for growth. You're always learning every day,  little by little.  Jeff: Wiglesworth, are you concerned you might make the wrong vote tonight?  I think my gut's telling me which way to vote, and I think I’m picking up on  some cues.  Jeff: Varner, Wiglesworth mentioned the cues, how big of a part of the game  was that knowing this is not the way it was when you played?  It's huge. I've done nothing but picking up on cues. So much so i've had very  little sleep. I've had little time to go the things I would have done in  australia. It's a different world. And I don't know if my old-school  counterparts are participating in this new world as hard as I am. I’m balls  to the wall and I’m dying to see what happens tonight.  Jeff: Before we vote, am I missing anything? There's an elephant here. Is  there an elephant in the room you're talking about?  I think if there is an elephant in the room, we're about to find out.  Jeff: Wow.  It's my second chance. I don't want to screw it up. This is an important  night.  Jeff: All right, it is time to vote. Woo, you're up.  I'm sorry, Vytas.  I wanted to play with you, but there's still a lot of room for growth. .  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. The the person voted out will be asked to leave  the tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Vytas. Abi.  Vytas. Abi. Vytas. Abi. That's three votes Vytas, three votes Abi. Vytas. Abi.  Four votes Vytas, four votes Abi, two votes left. Vytas. That's five votes Vytas,  four votes Abi, one vote left. First person voted out of "Survivor: Second  chance," Vytas. You need to bring me your torch.  Jeff: Vytas, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  No hard feelings you guys. Play such a great game. It's all good.  Jeff: Well, tonight's vote ill straights one thing very clearly-- your second  chance can end at any time. Which means you've got to make the most of it.  And now that you've been to tribal council, fire in the form of flint will be  waiting for you back at camp. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good  night.  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode. Next time on Survivor.  I'm sorry that you don't like me. That I annoy you.  Jeff: Abi is playing the same old game.  You ( bleep ) with me, you're dead.  Jeff: While varn ser trying to change it up.  All of these threats, i've got to go.  I don't like these people. It was a wake-up call. Get off your ass, and play  this game.  I remember saying before I came out here, I remember saying i'd rather not  get picked than get picked and be the first boot. And it sucks. I mean, you  know, I came out here, and I tried to find the people I wanted to work with,  and, apparently, they saw me as a big threat. Like, it's total respect. Like  they were afraid of me with good reason.