<br/>we are live in los angeles, cbs television city, for the two-hour season  finale of "Survivor: Second chance." you can tell we are at maximum  capacity. This is the hottest season pi untilly ticket we've ever had, and  for good reason. This season for the first time ever we turn the show over to  you and you, the fans. You decided who was going to play, and I got to say,  you chose very well. Take a look at this group. Let's go in the green room.  It's like a "Survivor" dream team in there, and they played hard in  day one, resulting in one of the most intense, unpredictable, entertaining  seasons we've ever seen, and according to this crowd, maybe the best. We have  a big update tonight, too, on Terry dietz and his son danny, who is  recovering from a heart transplant, it is an amazing story, part of an  amazing season. Reached out to me on twitter. Use #Survivorfinale so we can  find it. It is time to wrap up with a killer final episode that is also  historic. You guys got quiet at the perfect time. [laughter] you're going to  see something you've never seen before, which after 31 seasons is saying  something. Then we have our live reunion show, and it will move you to tears.  Three hours of "Survivor" tonight, your last episode until next  season. Call your friends and settle inch here -- settle in. Here we go! In  the heart of cambodia, 20 returning players began an epic battle for $1  million. And from the beginning, it was clear this season would be like  nothing we've seen before. Multiple switches turned the game upside down. We  are switch from two tribes to three tribes.  Shut the front door.  It is a cluster expletive.  Jeff: Finding every hidden immunity idol required massive risk.  I love it.  Jeff: Brutal weather pounded even the most seasoned players.  My body is breaking down. I can't go on like this, literally I just can't.  Jeff: And an endless stream of devastating tribal councils constantly flipped  the game.  I may be on the bottom, but I’m not ready to go home yet.  This is a hidden immunity idol.  Unbelievable.  Jeff: With blind side after blind side. Abi was the latest casualty when Tasha,  Jeremy, Spencer and Kimmi came together.  Well played.  Jeff: Leaving wentworth and Keith on the bottom. Well, another blind side,  the perfect setup for what might just be one of the most unpredictable  finishes in the history of "Survivor." six are left. Jeremy, he  appears to have it all, a hidden immunity idol.  We got number two.  Jeff: And a bond with Tasha, Spencer and Kimmi. Can he hold it all together  until the end? Or will it all come crashing down?  I got to win, get that money and bring it home to val and the kids.  Jeff: Tasha, she has survived the ups and downs of a rigorous season. Can she  continue to maneuver her way to the end and the $1 million prize?  $1 million is on the line, and I will do and say what I need to to win this  game. That's my story. I’m sticking to it.  Jeff: Keith, he's won multiple challenges but has hovered on the outside for  weeks. He may not be in the majority, but he's always in the game.  One step closer to the grand finale, the grand prize. Stick around. Come to  tribal tonight. Buy a free ticket. It might be, you know, it might be epic.  Jeff: Wentworth, her second chance is simple: Go big or go home. She's played  one idol that flipped the game and has one left just waiting to strike again.   Everyone's trying to get to the end to win $1 million, but right now it's all  about staying alive.  Jeff: Kimmi, her second chance has been 15 years in the making. This time  around, she's been a part of several blind sides.  She's a snake in the grass.  Jeff: And is in the majority alliance.  Right now I’m going to go full force because I want to go out of here with a  bang.  Jeff: Spencer, for most of the game he was on the bottom, but after winning  two individual immunities and focusing on his social game, he finds himself  on top. Will Spencer continue to evolve, or will he end up where he did last  time, sitting on the jury?  I have to win this game, and I have to do it to complete my second-chance  journey.  Jeff: For 35 days nothing has been predictable, and tonight it's anyone's  game.  Tribal.  Anybody want to be sitting beside Abi in the final three?  I want to be sitting in the final three.  Nobody would vote for her.  Keith, with her there...  You don't know if you're going to make it to the final three.  If I do make it, I would have to like there with her, not you, not Spencer,  not Kelley.  Exactly. I’m very happy to see Abi go. Keith said, well, gosh, why did you  get rid of Abi. I want to go to the end with Abi, not you.  You just proved why it made sense to get rid of Abi.  You just said, I want her next to me, not Spencer. That's a reason for Spencer  to vote her out.  From the outside wentworth and Keith look like low men on the totem pole, but  this has now left me with the perfect opportunity to sWoop in and make my  dreams happen.  Me, Jeremy, Tasha and Spencer voted together.  I know.  So how about this: I tell them that we're going to split votes and that you,  me and Keith vote either Jeremy or Spencer...  I like this. Very much.  So then...  I think Kimmi is starting to realize if she sticks with that four, Spencer, Tasha,  Jeremy and her, she may not get to the final three.  I think it's a brilliant idea, Kimmi.  I know.  It's really the only way.  It's the only way. It's the only way. I came out here to win this thing, and  if I go with tash, Jeremy and Spencer, am I really going to make it to the  end? That's putting my fate and destiny in someone else's hands. These guys  trust me. They're letting their guard down, and now is my chance to shine.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. Shall we get to today's immunity  challenge?  Yes.  For sure.  Jeff: First things first, Spencer, i'll take back what everybody wants, the  necklace.  Yes.  Jeff: Once again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're  going to race to collect a series of puzzle steps. You will race to put them  in order from bottom to top building a very tall staircase. Once you reach  the top, you'll complete a slide puzzle. First person to finish wins  immunity, guaranteed a one in five shot at winning this game. Losers tribal  council where somebody will become the eighth member of our jury. From this  point forward there are no second-chance stories in the challenges. Every challenge  will be fresh for everybody, which means there is no legacy to live up to,  only the legacy you create. Draw for spots. We'll get started. All right.  Here we go, for immunity and a guaranteed spot in the final five, Survivors  ready? Go! One step at a time you're going to build a giant staircase. You  can only carry one step with you, so you want to be right so you don't have  to come back and re-do it. Everybody off to a fast, early start. The early  pieces are going to be easy. It's going to get tougher the higher you go.  Once you have the first section done, you can move on to the second section. Spencer  completing his first section. Tasha, Jeremy complete their first section.  They can head back to their second section. Keith, wentworth and Kimmi have their  first sections done. Now it's going to start to get a little tougher. You're  going higher up, which takes more energy. You have to remember what the piece  looks like and you don't want to be wrong. Jeremy wrong. Got to go back. If  you are wrong, it has to go all the way back down. It could cost you this  challenge. You have to be right. And right on cue Tasha is wrong. She has to  go back. Spencer places his last step in the second section. He's moving on  to the third and final section. Spencer has been leading from the start. He  destroyed the puzzle in the last challenge. You do not want to give him too  much time in this one. Spencer still with a one-piece lead. Wentworth and Jeremy  right behind. Kimmi coming back with her first piece in this third section.  Here comes Spencer again. Jeremy passes Spencer trying to get back in this.  There's so much effort 36 days in to go up and down these steps. Jeremy's  wrong again. He's got to go all the way back. Huge setback for Jeremy. It is Spencer  and wentworth now. You can see the fatigue every time you have to go up and  down. And yet here comes Jeremy again with another burst of energy. And he's  right this time. Jeremy down to three steps left. Wentworth only has two  left. Spencer has his final step. Start working on the puzzle, Spencer. Spencer  has a history in this game of doing very well at puzzles. Wentworth has her  final step. She can start working on the puzzle. It is Spencer and wentworth  now. Here comes Jeremy with his final step. Jeremy can start working on the  puzzle. Keith now coming back, literally using the steps like a crutch to get  to the top. Keith can start working on the puzzle. If he can make it there. Keith  is almost crawling, legs cramping. This is what happens after 36 days in this  game. Tasha back with her final step. She can start working on the puzzle. Kimmi  going after her final step. Everybody is in it now. Spencer making a lot of  progress, but sometimes it's those last few pieces that really make it tough.  Here comes Kimmi. She's crawling to the finish. Great effort. Start working  on your puzzle. Right now it is Spencer and wentworth back and forth. Spencer  doing what he did in brains, brawn, and beauty, stopping to study the puzzle  as if it's a chessboard. Wentworth is using that time to catch up. It would  be Spencer's third individual win. It would be wentworth's second. Spencer  seems to be getting closer. Is he? Spencer thinks he has it. Spencer has it. Spencer  wins individual immunity, third win this season!  Good job, spence.  Good job, Spencer.  Thank you.  Jeff: Spencer once again victorious. Come on over.  Good job, Spencer.  Jeff: For the third time individual immunity is yours. You are safe tonight,  guaranteed a one in five shot at winning this game. As for the rest of you,  it has been 36 very tough second-chance days. One of you going home tonight.  Grab your stuff, head back to camp. See you tonight at tribal.  Keith and I are on the outs. I’m putting all my trust in Kimmi. If we let Tasha,  Spencer and Jeremy get far in this game, we are screwed.  Good job, Spencer.  Thanks.  Good job.  Good job.  That was brutal.  Spencer does it again.  My boy Spencer wins immunity again. As long as Spencer is winning, that means  Keith isn't. That means wentworth isn't. And I want Keith and wentworth gone.  Kimmi, me, Jeremy, Spencer final four, done.  Don't forget you're going to help me grab a water.  You want to get one?  Yeah, yeah.  You guys good? You got it?  I think so.  It's obvious -- me, Tasha, Jeremy, and Spencer. We have been voting four.  This is how it's been. That would mean we're going to split votes because  they don't know if you or wentworth have an idol. However, what's going to  happen is you, me and wentworth are voting for Jeremy. We are blind siding Jeremy.   Wentworth last night asked to talk with Keith just now. If she thinks more  than just one of us would beat her, then she's going to jump over there.  They would not expect it.  And nobody needs to know this.  Nobody. Me, you, wentworth vote for Jeremy. That's it.  Right now it's me or Kelley, but this deal Kimmi come up with could be the  big one. Could be the big one, and I’m all about it. Does wentworth...  Wentworth, yes. She told me she's fully on board. She said it's brilliant.  You saw wentworth went back there and joined them.  Did she?  Wentworth, Keith and Kimmi are talking right now.  I think it makes her feel good to play.  What you doing, girl?  Okay. I just explained it.  Okay, but we tell the others...  I say I’m voting for you.  I'm going to say it's you.  Keith, Kimmi and I have it in the bag. We vote for Jeremy and it's over. I don't  have to play the idol, and I have an idol final five. Kimmi came to me with  this Jeremy plan. And she knows if she doesn't get rid of him, she may not  have another chance. It's just will she execute?  We can't risk an idol ruining it, right?  The girls on Keith, the boys on wentworth.  Sounds good.  Let's keep each other informed on what they might try. I guess they're just  going against each other and hoping it's not them.  We're still worried about an idol out there, so let's split the vote to take  out Kelley or Keith. We're all safe and we're still going in tomorrow with  numbers.  What's up?  Her plan, you know her plan, right? I don't know this for sure, but I believe  her plan is to make us split this vote and team up with wentworth and Keith  and vote out you or you.  Yes.  We three can't split. Splitting the vote is great if you have an alliance you  can trust.  Are they going to split?  Yep, yep.  If Kimmi betrays the four that just voted together, where's the majority?  I think you're paranoid. I don't believe she...  She's lying, man.  My voting bloc is sceptical of Kimmi. I don't think Kimmi is trying to do  anything.  We're all bugging out right now. Did you tell Keith anything?  The only thing I told him was voting for wentworth.  Because our games are on the line. If you're jumping, it's going to mess up  everything.  No, that's all I have said. I mean, I have been with you. I've showed you  time and time again. It's us four. That's what we've always said.  I believe you. I believe you. Stop getting emotional, girl.  I'm a woman and it's the end of this game, and this is exactly what shouldn't  be happening.  I believe you. Relax. I believe you.  You now, this is... I still got this. Oh, my gosh, I would never go and turn  on you guys. We're together. I mean, come on. I don't want to be on the  bottom of a foursome, and that's where I am with Spencer and Jeremy and Tasha.  I’m not stupid.  It's a turning point in the game.  I feel like my alliance is strong. The problem, though, is that with a hidden  immunity idol, it shakes up everything. We don't want the lose this. We have  numbers. We could really run this to the end. I know Kimmi is kind of goofy  and everything, but I really think she's with us. And I don't want the use my  idol and not have it tomorrow, so I mean the safe thing is split the vote,  guys vote for wentworth, girls voted for Keith. I don't know if she has an  idol. I don't know if Keith has an idol, but I don't want to risk it.  We cannot split a vote. You, me and Tasha have to probably all three vote  wentworth.  I'm trying to be safer.  Wentworth doesn't have an idol, man.  Why not? She found one before.  Many people found one before. That doesn't mean I believe you have an idol  right now.  That doesn't matter.  That's a sad reason to think you have an idol. I think Jeremy might hear the  footsteps of wentworth potentially having an idol, but splitting the vote can  cause a lot more problems than it can help, and, yeah, I’m a little biased.  My ass isn't on the line.  You're not giving. You got to give.  You're not either. What we decide tonight is really important because when  there's five, three can control this game, and we can dictate a path to the  final three. If we decide wrong, we might stay for a long time, with we had  it, it was right there, final three, and we made the wrong call.  Anchor: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Kass, Savage, Wiglesworth,  Ciera, Fishbach, Joe and Abi voted out at the last tribal council. Jeremy,  you've made it deep in the game, but you're not there yet. Can you feel it  tightening around you at each decision becomes more magnified?  This whole game has been voting blocs, and it's tightning up into more of  alliances now.  Jeff: Wentworth, I think this is the first time that anyone has said, yes,  there are alliances.  Yeah, it's clear after the last vote that Keith and I are off by ourselves  and Tasha, Jeremy, Spencer and Kimmi are a tight group.  Jeff: Tasha, ring true to you.  You know, it may appear that way to Kelley, but I didn't know that I necessarily  see it that way.  Jeff: Kimmi, do you believe it's four versus two and it's between wentworth  and Keith tonight?  I believe that.  Well, that cleared that up.  Jeff: So then Keith, what do you do if that's the case and it's you or  wentworth?  I won't say lie, cheat and steal, but lie, cheat and steal, anything to get  you one more step.  Jeff: Jeremy, where are we at with idol chatter?  There's a lot of idol chatter going around.  Jeff: Spencer, is part of the decision in who you would vote out is if  somebody does have an idol, let's try to get rid of it.  The four people who voted together last tribal made a plan to split the votes  tonight. After the last 24 hours, Tasha, Jeremy and I aren't good with  splitting the vote anymore.  Jeff: You're leaving Kimmi out of this on purpose.  Tasha, Jeremy andry voting three strong on one person, and it will be jump on  board or draw a rock and maybe go home.  Jeff: Okay. So Kimmi, Spencer drops this bomb, and he specifically excludes  you. How are you feeling? [groaning]  i talked to somebody outside the alliance and then the pair nowback an I’m being  threatened almost that I have to vote away and I can't even absorb.  Jeff: Wentworth, you look very confusedful.  I'm very confused. What do you say to that? I don't know.  Spence can rattle all he wants. He's safe tonight. He called us out. I think  we know the right thing to do.  Jeff: Are you suggesting there is about to be a showdown right now?  I would say. I would say you're exactly right.  Jeff: Wentworth, what's happening?  I feel like my head is going to spin off. You're looking at me and saying,  you're fine. I trusted Spencer last vote and I wasn't fine.  That's very fair, but anyone is fine if they jump on board with with us  because we're going to rock if that's what it comes to.  Let's go to rock.  Wow.  Jeff: Jeremy, isn't this the invoice for voting blocs and no alliances?  I don't think this is all needed. These voting blocs could stop and we could  stop making a path to the final three. Geez.  Jeff: Kimmi, you're out on an island right now. What's your move?  I mean, I’m not in the top three. Apparently I’m a pawn.  No one said you're not in the top three. No one called you a pawn.  And if you vote the way you said, you're fine.  You'll be number four.  Kimmi, you will not be number four.  Relax.  Jeff: Keith, you're saying, let's vote.  Let's vote.  Jeff: Do you know what you're doing?  Yes.  Jeff: Jeremy?  Yes.  Wentworth?  Yes.  Spencer?  Yes.  Kimmi?  Yes.  Jeff: All right. Good. It is time to vote. Spencer, you're up.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so.  You know what, Jeff, I don't know what the hell is going on tonight, but I don't  trust anybody here, so... I don't know if Spencer is lying to me or what's  going on, but I’m going to have the play it for myself just in case. &gt;&gt; Jeff: Okay. This is a hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast for wentworth will  not count.  Hold on, Jeffrey. I have a war e.  Jeff: This is also a hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast for Jeremy will not  count. I'll read the votes.  Get out of here.  Jeff: First vote wentworth. Does not count. Jeremy. Does not count. Kelley  wentworth, does not count. Jeremy. Does not count. Kelley wentworth. Does not  count. One vote left. Jeremy. Will not count. All right. For the first time  in 31 seasons. We have in votes cast for anybody at tribal council.  Wow.  Jeff: All right. For the first time in 31 seasons, we have no votes for  anybody at tribal council. So here's what's going to happen: We're going to  revote. Spencer is still immune. Wentworth and Jeremy both played idols. They  are safe, as well. You can only vote for Kimmi, Tasha or Keith, and everybody  votes because this is unprecedented I’m going to give you a minute to talk  before we revote.  Who voted for me? Who voted for me? You vote for me?  I didn't vote for you.  You know who vote for you, Keith, wentworth and Kimmi. You made plan to vote  out Jeremy. You three made a plan to vote out Jeremy.  Okay. Boom.  All of a sudden you play an idol and look at what happens.  Are you guys good?  I'm good.  Let's do it.  Kimmi, you're up.  Kimmi, Kimmi, Kimmi.  So disappointed. So disappointed in you.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. Once the votes are read, the decision is  final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area  immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Tasha. Kimmi. Tasha. Two votes Tasha.  Kimmi. We're tied again. Two votes Tasha, two votes Kimmi. Tasha. That's  three votes Tasha. Two votes Kimmi. One vote left. Kimmi. We're tied again.  So per the rules, because this is a new vote, you're entitled to a revote in  case somebody wants to change their vote. The only reason we will not revote  is if Spencer, wentworth, Jeremy and Keith tell me you guys are good with  your votes and you're not going to change them.  I'm good with my vote.  I'm not changing my vote.  I'm good with mine.  Let's do it.  Jeff: All right. That means we're deadlocked. Spencer, wentworth, Jeremy and Keith  now get to have a discussion, and if the four of you can come up with a  unanimous decision to get rid of either Tasha or Kimmi, that person is out.  If you can't come to a unanimous decision, all four of you agreeing, then Kimmi  and Tasha become safe and they join wentworth, Spencer and Jeremy as all  being immune. That would mean Keith, by default, you would go home.  This is crazy. Very big discussion to be had right now. Would you rather Keith  go home or Kimmi?  Tasha isn't going home.  What it boils down to you or Kimmi going home tonight.  I would like to stay. I want to be here.  I don't like that at all.  I don't like it either, but, of course, Keith, I want to stay.  I know you do.  I know you want to stay, but I would like... I haven't been here in a long  time. I would like to stay.  I tell you what, she's a mama.  You're going to give up your spot?  Yeah, she's a single mama, two young bAbies, send me to the house.  I am good. If it's not tonight, it's tomorrow and the next.  Jeff: So Keith, you are voluntarily...  Hold on, hold on, hold on. You can't just give up like that.  I'm not giving up. I don't want Kimmi to go to the house either.  Jeff: So let me clear this up so I know where we're at. Spencer and Jeremy,  you are both saying it's Kimmi for us, that's the only thing we're going to  do.  Correct.  Jeff: So the question is are wentworth and Keith going to join you against Kimmi  or it is Keith by default. So when -- wentworth, what is your voice?  Do you want to stay?  It's like stay or go home tomorrow.  We don't know. I think you need to stay.  Yeah, sure, i'll stay.  All right. Then I want Keith to stay.  Jeff: So you are saying Kimmi. I'll vote Kimmi.  Spencer, who do you say?  Kimmi.  Kimmi.  Keith? Kimmi.  Kimmi, after 36 days, you become the 14th person voted out and the eighth  member of our jury.  I tried.  Jeff: Kimmi, the tribe has spoken.  Thank you very much for a good game.  All right, girl.  Love you girl. I’m sorry.  Jeff: Wow.  Wow.  Jeff: Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night.  You give it your all. That's all you have, you know, and I never gave up. So  I mean I’m proud of myself. Wow. After 15 years to get this second chance, I think  I hung in there pretty well.  Well, that was a snoozer of a tribal. Pretty boring.  How wild was that?  You can probably put that baby in the record book.  That's never happened before, no valid votes for anyone.  I've never seen a tribal like that, much less be part of one. After all's  said and done and the ties and votes and unanimous stuff, Kimmi goes to the  house, but I was on the chopping block. Go figure that out. It was crazy.  That was wild.  Mind blowing. I lost track. Five people now and three of them are pretty  solid. Leaves me and Kelley on the outside looking in.  Wentworth, where are you finding these idols?  She's good, isn't she? We better go out and start looking right now. Give me  a flashlight.  I survived another tribal by playing an idol, which is fantastic, but the  tribal itself didn't go the way I wanted it to go. Here I am with four other  people, and there's only one person that I trust, so like what the hell do I do?   You all right, wentworth?  I'm fine. I’m fantastic. I’m good. This is like the worst feeling being so  close to the end and yet in so much trouble.  Jeff: All right. So... [cheering and applause] one of the craziest tribal  councils ever, and I know there are a lot of people at home right now and in  the audience, even super fans saying, wait a minute, what happened? So I’m going  to do a little recap here, because on the night, all of us were confused  going, wait a sec, huh? What are we doing in revoting? So we come to tribal. Spencer  has immunity. He's safe. We vote. I ask, does anybody have an idol?  Wentworth, yes. Jeremy, yes. So they're all safe. We did our historic thing  where no valid votes cast. That blew everybody's mind. Then we still have to  vote somebody out. We're going to revote and start over. Now you can only  vote for Kimmi, Tasha and Keith. We come back. We have another tie. These two  have votes. I ask, anybody want the change their votes. No, we're deadlocked.  This is where it gets interesting because per the rules of "Survivor,"  and we have rules... [laughter] ...if there is a deadlocked vote, nobody  switch, then all of the other players who don't have votes, in this case Spencer,  wentworth, Jeremy and Keith, get to have an open discussion, and this is  about persuading. They have to come up with one person to get rid of. You  have to get those other guys on your side. If you can't come up with a  decision, if you can't make a decision, there's a consequence. And that's  because we always want the game to be dictated by the players. It's up to  you. Pick Tasha or pick Kimmi, but if you don't pick either, they become  safe, a 180, and everybody else who was safe has to draw rocks, the odd rock  goes home. But where it got really complicated is he doesn't have to draw,  she doesn't have to draw, he doesn't have to draw. That leaves poor old Keith,  who didn't have any votes, having to draw the one rock, and you saw it play  out. That's reason number 322 why "Survivor" is so tough to win.  [cheering and applause] all right. The season finale of "Survivor: Second  chance" and we are just getting started.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to today's immunity  challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: First things first. Spencer, got to take it back. Thank you.  Oh, boy.  Jeff: Once again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're  going to race through a giant obstacle course. You're going to race through a  series of fixed stations collecting six bags of puzzle pieces along the way.  You'll then use those pieces to solve a puzzle. First to finish wins  immunity, guaranteed a spot in the final four. Losers tribal council where  somebody will become the ninth member of our jury. Big stakes. Here we go.  We'll draw for spots. We'll get started. Here we go. For immunity, Survivors  ready? Go! There are six stations. There are only five of you. So you  shouldn't get caught behind anybody. Lots of places to go. First you have to  untie a bag. Then you have to get across that obstacle. Wentworth takes on  one of the toughest ones first. It will take you some time, but you'll get it  out of the way. Jeremy has his first bag. He's across. He's heading over.  Here comes Keith. And Spencer right behind. Keith's back with his first bag. Tasha  gets across with her first bag. Here comes Spencer with his first bag. And a  big hit. Spencer has taken some falls in this game. Wentworth, she's across,  and that will come in handy later when she can make up a lot of time.  Question is will it pay off? Spencer has his second bag. He's heading back.  Here's Tasha with her second. Jeremy back with his second. Keith has his  second. Spencer has his second. Wentworth has her second. Jeremy back with  his third bag. It is Jeremy with three, everybody else with two. There's Keith.  Keith has three. We are very close right now. Tasha back with her third. Spencer  back with his third. Here comes Jeremy with his fourth. It is Jeremy in the  lead. Wentworth now has her third. Keith now coming back with his fourth. Tasha  and wentworth at the same station. Wentworth gets out first. Wentworth now  with four. Here comes Jeremy with his fifth. He's got one left. Can he keep  the lead? Tasha back with her fourth. Everybody fighting hard. There's Keith  with number five. He's got one left. Wentworth back with her fifth bag. Tasha  coming back with her fifth bag. Spencer still stuck at three, trying to get  back with his fourth, way behind now. Wentworth now coming back with her  sixth and final bag. Spencer back with his fourth. Wentworth went for the  toughest one first and it paid off. Wentworth has all six. She can start  working on the puzzle. Spencer falling out of this. He's going to have to  make up some time quickly. Here comes Jeremy with his sixth bag. Keith right  on his tail with his sixth bag. Tasha right behind with her sixth bag. Here  comes Spencer with his fifth. He has got to keep moving. He is very far  behind. It is wentworth, Keith and Jeremy working on their puzzles. Spencer  now is going to pass Tasha. He saved the easiest for last. Spencer back with  his sixth and final bag. He can start working on the puzzle. Tasha has her  sixth bag. She can start working on the puzzle. Everybody is working on their  puzzles now. This is it, one of the craziest and most unpredictable seasons  of "Survivor." you need to win to stay in it. Wentworth has her  first piece. If she's right, she's off to a good start because once you get  one piece, things start to lock in. Jeremy has a first piece. Keith has his  first piece. Wentworth has her second piece now. Jeremy with with his second  piece. Just like that Keith with two. Spencer still looking for that first  piece. Wentworth with another piece. Wentworth in the lead with three pieces.  Keith placing his third. Wentworth places a fourth piece. She's half-way  there. Look at that. Keith with four pieces. Keith half-way there. Who would  have guessed this, wentworth and Keith both with four pieces. Spencer with  nothing. Wentworth places a fifth piece. Wentworth trying to get a sixth  piece in. Will it fit? Is she right? She's got it. Wentworth down to two  pieces left. Keith places his fifth piece. It is wentworth and Keith right  now for the win. Wentworth has her seventh. Wentworth with her eighth. Can  she get it? Is it right? Wentworth wins individual immunity, guaranteed a  spot in the final four!  Thank you. Oh, my gosh.  Jeff: That is why you never give up in this game. Wentworth, come on over.  Thank you, Jeff. I needed this one.  Jeff: Another individual immunity win. Sounds like it came at the perfect  time.  Yes. Thank you so much. [applause]  Jeff: Wentworth will be a member of the final four. Not going home tonight.  As for the four of you, 37 days and yet for one of you, your dream of winning  "Survivor: Second chance" will fall two days short. Tribal council  tonight, somebody going home, ninth member of the jury. Grab your stuff, head  back to camp. See you tonight at tribal.  Thanks, Jeff.  The one person I don't need to win wins it. I feel like I’m in a coffin and I  got about three nails left until they put me six feet down. It about it shut  yet. We'll go down swinging. We'll find out . Stay tuned.  That was hard puzzle.  Yeah, it was.  A puzzle master like Spencer.  Wentworth was able to win, which is exactly what Tasha and Jeremy and I have  been trying to avoid.  Okay.  Keith is now very clearly a target, but there's exactly one thing to be  worried about, and that is a hidden immunity idol. The three of us must stay  strong no matter what they do.  What else can I do? I’m sitting here balls to the wall.  I do not have an idol. We can try and make a fake one, because if they even  think you have an idol, those two don't want to go home. I want Spencer or Jeremy  gone.  I'm safe tonight, but I have to look out for my one ally in this game. So  based on the fact that all the idols look different this season, just take a  little medallion from a tree mail, and I have some materials that I have been  checking over the past few weeks, wrapped it up with a little note from my  last idol, there you go. Looks like Keith found an idol. I definitely want Spencer  or Jeremy gone. And I know that the paranoia is real. Even if those three are  tight, if any of them think they're going home, it's going to create paranoia  in their mind, and something crazy could happen.  You feeling good? What's up?  I'm feeling funny.  You feeling funny about maybe an idol?  <br/>It's crunch time. It's desperate measures right now. Kelley the idol maker up  there, we'll just see what she did. Hey, pretty impressive. I like that, kel.  I have to go back the camp sporting this and let them see it, make them think  I have one, just to put doubt in their mind, and that's all it takes is just  one of them to flip, scare them into doing something stupid.  Who do you think they're going to go after?  If one of them has an idol, what can we do?  I think there was a huge possibility that Keith or Kelley are going to pull  out a hidden immunity idol tonight. I’m so worried about that. It's either me  or Spencer they're going to put votes on. I’m worried. Point blank. If Keith  has an idol, one of us are going home. I think they're going to go after me.  I don't want the take a chance on it.  Tasha was asleep, and Jeremy kind of come to me and said, vote spence. Spencer's  a good player. Makes sense to send him to the house? Maybe Jeremy's thing  about bringing me in, maybe me, Jeremy and Kelley. Jeremy kind of looked at  me and said spence.  Huh. I feel like if Spencer's gone we have a better shot.  Oh, I know.  Well, see how it goes at tribal, but I’m telling you to keep the idol in  view.  If it looks like it's going south, i'll say something, but i'll have it in my  bag.  Would Jeremy lie to me? Heck, maybe at tribal i'll pull it out and say,  there's an idol, Keith ain't going anywhere tonight. You better make some  different plans. When you got option, it's a good thing. God dang, the last  nail ain't in the coffin. [laughing]  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Kass, Savage, Wiglesworth, Ciera,  Fishbach, Joe, Abi and Kimmi voted out at the last tribal council. So Tasha,  after the crazy last tribal council, it seemed that when the dust settled it  was you, Spencer and Jeremy versus wentworth and Keith. Was that still the  same story going into the challenge?  Going into the challenge, yes, Jeff, that was the same story.  Jeff: So wentworth you clearly felt your back up against the wall?  Yeah, absolutely. I had to win immunity or I would probably be the one going  home tonight.  Jeff: So Keith, unless something's changed, does that mean it's you?  Unless things change, that's right, pretty cut and dry.  Jeff: Spencer, ring true to you?  It is fairly cut and dry, but at the same time, in a season with blind side  after blind side after blind side, maybe a straightforward vote and people  actually sticking together becomes the new big move.  Jeff: Jeremy, final five, last time you can use an idol, is there talk that  somebody in this group of five might indeed have an idol?  Yes, there's talk about that, yes.  Jeff: Spencer, what would that do to the game in  that would change the game for me. If either Keith or wentworth has an idol,  those two will actually decide who goes home.  Jeff: Wentworth, you ready to vote?  I guess so, it feels like my vote doesn't matter because obviously Keith's  going home tonight, but, sure, let's vote.  Jeff: Tash, yeah it would not be first time that wentworth has said, my vote  doesn't matter, I have no play, and then, boom.  You know, this is the idol whisperer, so we'll see what happens, Jeff.  Jeff: So Keith, what do you do this afternoon? You don't want to go 37 days  and say, all right, well, that's all right, thanks, guys.  Yeah. There are some tricks around to be played.  Jeff: Wow. Tasha?  I felt like maybe that was just a little threat, that there are some tricks  to come, and it's still not over. The theme this season is expect the  unexpected. So tonight I’m expecting the unexpected.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Keith, you're up.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol, tonight  is the last time you can play it. Okay. Once the votes are read, the decision  is final, person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area  immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Spencer. Keith. One vote Spencer,  one vote Keith. Spencer. Two votes Spencer. One vote Keith. Keith. We're  tied. Two votes Spencer, two votes Keith. One vote left. 15th person voted  out and the ninth member of our jury. Keith, you need to bring me your torch.  Keith, the tribe has spoken. Hang in there.  See you, Keith nale.  Golly.  Jeff: Congratulations. You've made it to the final four. Tomorrow you will  compete in your final immunity challenge. Win that and you earn yourself a  spot at the final tribal council. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good  night.  You try to play with a little integrity. That's why I didn't play that cheesy  idol there, you know. But anyway, crazy ride. I want the thank all of america  for giving me this great adventure. I tried to bring it home for the old  guys, just a couple days shy.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Final four. You guys ready to get to your final  immunity challenge?  Yes.  Yeah.  Yep.  Jeff: First things first, wentworth, got to take it back.  All right. Thank you.  Jeff: For the last time immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge,  one hand will be tied behind your back. On my go you'll drop a ball down a  chute. It will spiral to the bottom where you must catch it and put it back  in. At regular intervals we will add another ball. , that will make it more  difficult. If at any point a ball drops, you're out. Last person left  standing wins immunity and reaches the holy grail, a spot at the final tribal  council where you will get a chance to plead your case to the jury about why  you deserve the title of sole Survivor and the $1 million that goes with it.  Let's do it. We'll draw for spots. We'll get started. Good luck. All right.  Here we go. For a guaranteed spot at the final tribal council, everybody grab  your first ball. Deep breath and drop. This challenge is on. This is it. The  final immunity challenge. Could be worth $1 million. This will get you warmed  up. If at any point the ball drops to the ground, you're out. The key to this  challenge is the gate. It will send one ball to the left. The next ball to  the right. So you need to think about that rhythm, how is this going to go  when I get two, three, four balls moving. All right. You have 30 seconds to  add a second ball. So this is all about spacing. Spencer drops. Wentworth  drops. Jeremy drops. Tasha drops. Everybody now with two balls. Now you have  to go left and right. But you only have one hand to do it with. Don't get  mesmerized by the hypnotic sound of this challenge. It will lure you into a  meditation that could cost you $1 million. All right. We're going to add a  third ball. You have 30 seconds starting now. Start looking for the perfect  opportunity, and when you see it, drop it. Do not lose your focus. Everybody  has three balls going. We have reached the next stage of this challenge. With  each additional ball, that pace picks up. Keep concentrating. Follow those  balls, watch them. You've got to be more alert than you were before.  Everybody looking really good in this challenge. In a moment we're going to  add a fourth ball. This is all about timing. So where you put this ball is  critical. All right. You have 30 seconds to add a fourth ball. Use that time  as you want. Spencer drops right away. Spencer with a nice save. Jeremy  drops. Tasha drops.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Kelley wentworth is out. No shot at immunity. We are down to three.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Wentworth's frustration. It could be a $1 million loss.  Oh, God.  Jeff: It is Spencer, Jeremy and Tasha now, four balls spinning. This is a  very fast pace right now. Do not lose your focus. Keep focusing. Keep it up.  Keep it up, keep it up. Tasha drops. She's out of the challenge. We're down  to two. It is Spencer and Jeremy in this final immunity challenge challenge.  All right. You each have 30 seconds to place a fifth ball. The minute you  place it, it's in. Spencer has his fifth ball in. Jeremy has his fifth ball  in. This is it. We're now into the deepest part of this challenge, five balls  spinning, dropping, left and right, very fast pace. Spencer is out. Jeremy  when he needs it most wins his first individual immunity, guaranteed a spot  at the final tribal council. Jeremy, this is the most emotion i've seen in  any of the days you've played "Survivor."  it's unbelievable, Jeff. I can't even express it. Like I just feel so much  emotion, like I feel like i've been through this already. I've thought about  this. Jeff, this is all about val, you know. This is all about jordan. This  is all about cameron.  Jeff: The family.  That's it.  Jeremy: Wentworth, the two different worlds right now between you and Jeremy.  His emotion has said, i've done it. Your emotion says, I might have just  fallen a little short.  I just knew I had to win today because these three are clearly very tight, so  I’m just mad at myself. You know, it was on me to win and I didn't. That's  it.  Jeremy: All right, guys. Tribal council tonight. Jeremy is safe. Somebody  else going home will become the final member of our jury and will not have  shot at winning this game. Jeremy, I don't want the interrupt the love. Let  me have the honor. You accomplished your goal, as far as you can get, this  final tribal. Big decision tonight is who will be sitting next to you thalt  final tribal council. Going to be an interesting afternoon. Hope you guys are  all proud of your effort. It will be a tough tribal. See you tonight at  tribal. Congrats.  This is for val. This is for jordan. This is for cameron. This is for my son  that's not even here yet. Like this is for them all. Now the question is who  I’m going to the end with because I don't want second. I don't want third.  Like I need to win this. [cheering and applause]  Jeff: All right. So Jeremy has made it to the end. He has one big decision  left, who to take with him, and this is where players have blown it in the  past. Remember when Woo chose tony? Next time I see youly have the votes.  It's the finale, "Survivor: Second chance."  congrats, big guy. Feel good?  Feels good, man, feels good.  I feel like I want the laugh, I want to cry, I want to yell. I just want to  explode because the season is so hard, and just to have this security just  for tonight, it's just a beautiful thing. Sorry for getting all emotional on  you all.  It was deserved.  I have my alliance. I have spence and I have Tasha, but when you have this  necklace, all bets are off. You're like, I know we said we were going to do  this, but now is the time when you figure white house is the best person that  I can sit next to that I can win $1 million.  Been good, been real. The only person safe is Jeremy.  Although Jeremy, Spencer and I are in a tight alliance, spence and I are  basically at Jeremy's mercy if he decides to go with wentworth and drop one  of us, our game is over tonight. I just hope the relationship that we've  built over the past 38 days is strong enough to get me through this vote and  into a final three.  Oh, my God.  You're locked in, right?  I'm locked in. I’m locked in.  Final three.  To have it all come down to one vote with my fate out of my hands, in Jeremy's  hands, it's hard to swallow, but in a way, it's how I think my second chance  could make sense.  You can't mastermind this game. The first time I played, once I lost control  of my fate, I lost the game. This is a test of whether the relationships i've  built are strong enough that without control of my fate tonight I can wake up  here tomorrow and have a shot to fight and win this game.  Do you know which of us you're voting?  Does it matter?  You got to do what you got to do, if you go to tribal and say everyone votes Spencer,  I’m not going to hold that against you.  Why is that funny?  Because you all three are really close?  It's not about closeness right now. It's about who is likely to win.  Yeah.  I think I have a pretty good case.  Spencer definitely knows he's a threat in this game. He's like, are you  writing my name down? I think I have a good shot of winning. Oh. Do you?  Okay. Interesting.  Well, just know that I’m voting for you because I think you'd kick my ass.  I think right now the biggest threat for Jeremy is Spencer. So really the  only thing I can do is to try and convince Jeremy of that and prove that Spencer  is a bigger threat than me. Time to go to work. The thingly say about you is  that I feel like people really respect you. The thing about Spencer is that  he speaks really well, and Spencer has done a lot of playing both sides and  like making people think. I don't know.  I don't know either. I don't know what to do yet. Spencer and wentworth both  have good resumes. The question is who gives me the best chance to win.  I know he feels confident he can win. He told me that.  Would you do fire?  Would I do fire? Of course I would.  I'm trying not to lech the necklace go to my head, but what if we made Spencer  and wentworth go against each other in a tie and make fire? All right. Well,  I’m thinking. Don't think that it's done.  New york I know.  Spence came from the bottom, won a couple immunities. He's a smart player. Kelley's  won two immunities. She's played two hidden immunity idolsen she's an  underdog. It all comes down tonight. I’m going to make my decision at tribal  whether it's Spencer and Kelley. If I want to stick with my alliance, I can  stick with them. If not I can jump ship. This is a million dollar decision.  It's huge.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Kass, Savage, Wiglesworth, Ciera,  Fishbach, Joe, Abi, Kimmi, and Keith, voted out at the last tribal council.  So let's go back to your final challenge. Jeremy, the big part of the "Survivor"  experience to win is individual necklace, and even though it was devastation  for wentworth, Spencer and Tasha, I could see them letting you have this  euphoric moment. You have a lot of pent-up emotion in you, and knowing that I  made it all the way to 39, like I couldn't help it. It was just... I couldn't  even control it.  Jeff: Spencer, that ball dropped, it hits the Wood. What's the feeling?  The feeling is really disheartening. My hope is that i've set myself up so  that I still have a possibility of staying in this game.  Jeff: Wentworth, last tribal you were pretty clear about saying, look, if  it's Keith this time, it's me next time.  Of course because these three have been very close for the last three votes.  I have felt like I’m on the outside, however, we're at the point in the game  when you have to think about the final three. It's more than just who has  voted together and who has been in an alliance. It's about who do you think  you can beat at the end.  Jeff: Jeremy, what wentworth is hinting at is who do you want to sit next to?   Spencer and Tasha and myself have been real close, but sometimes you have to  think about yourself and your future and my family's future. And I got to do  what's best for me, you know?  Jeff: Wentworth, you don't want to go home tonight, so what's your pitch to Jeremy?   I just talked to Jeremy, and I’m voting for Spencer tonight. I think he is a  big threat to win the game if he's in the final three. He's very articulate.  He knows what to say at tribal. And I’m sure he already has his final tribal  council speech planned out.  Not until I’m there.  He's won quite a few immunities. I think he's a big threat.  This is the pot calling the kettle black. She's played an all-out game. Two  idols, immunities, she's played the best game with this jury to get the votes  tomorrow, and if you or you made the game mistake of letting her be here  tomorrow, I would vote for her and I would spend all of my energy making sure  she won.  Wow.  Jeff: Jeremy, and no one has mentioned you, Tasha. Just start working on that  final tribal council speech.  I'm going to sit right here and shut up.  Jeff: So Jeremy how do you figure this out?  They both have good arguments. I have to make a gut decision on this.  Jeff: Jeremy, she 100% wins if she's here tomorrow?  And you aren't going to  i think I have a shot.  I think you 100%...  Of course you're going to say that.  Jeff: Jeremy, is your decision based on the motion I think there is somebody  I can beat and that's who I’m going up against.  Um... Yes.  Jeff: And have you contemplated that if I’m wrong, it is literally a $1  million mistake.  Yes.  Jeff: And are you ready to vote?  Yes.  If you're about to vote for me, 100% she wins. If I go to the jury, I would  consider it a terrible move on your part, no offense, but it would be a  terrible move, and based on that move, I would do everything in my power to  see her win, because she would have deserved it.  Jeff: Okay. It is time to vote. Spencer, you're up.  Right on cue. I’m so nervous I cannot see straight.  This is the last time i'll be writing your name down.  <br/>Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. Once the votes are read, the decision is  final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area  immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Spencer. Wentworth. One vote Spencer,  one vote wentworth. Wentworth. That's two votes wentworth, one vote Spencer,  one vote left. 16th person voted out and the tenth and final member of our  jury, Kelley wentworth. You need to bring me your torch. Wentworth, the tribe  has spoke spokeen.  Good luck, guys. See you tomorrow.  Jeff: Time for you to go.  Thanks.  Jeff: Jeremy, Spencer, Tasha, congratulations on making it to the final  three. Your second-chance story is almost over, but the final chapter will be  written by the jury. You have one more night on that beautiful beach here in  cam bodea. Normally i'd say go back and try and get some sleep, but you might  better be served to go back and get to work on your case, because I have a  feeling tomorrow's final tribal council will be a battle. Grab your torches,  head back to camp. Good night.  I really just wanted to make the most of this experience this time, and I feel  like I did. I played some idol, won some immunities. I’m bummed I didn't make  it all the way to the end. But it's just like the risk I took in the game  this time was everything I wanted to be, so I’m really proud of myself.  At your convenience follow the trail behind your camp to one additional  surprise and see the toll these 39 days have taken.  Being in the final three is amazing. I’m so happy. Second chances for me was  more business, and I approached it differently. I’m nervous. Oh, my God. I didn't  win any immunity challenges. I didn't play any idols, but the social game I played  got me here.  I don't even recognize myself. To make it to the end, crazy. Crazy. This  truly was the most difficult thing i've ever done in my entire life. The  conditions, the paranoia, the lies, I’m like in awe knowing that I had it in  me to do it when 17 other people couldn't. I did it.  Oh, my God.  Day 39! Oh, my gosh.  As much as I can feel great today and enjoy the company of Tasha and Jeremy,  job ain't over.  Day 39.  Day 39.  I didn't come here to get to the final three. I am here the make my second  chance count and to prove that the change that i've gone through deserves the  win of "Survivor." making an alliance, sticking to it, us three at  the end battling it out.  Beautiful.  Cheers.  Cheers.  Unlike the first time I played, I came in here and said, I want to form  relationships and connect with people in a way that Spencer could not do  before. And I truly believe i've done that. I took the personal change in me  and used it to move from the bottom to the top. This is an amazing feeling.  This is perfect. Tonight is the ultimate test, the ultimate conclusion to  everything "Survivor" has been for me. It's the most important  night of my life.  This is what final three feels like.  Yeah.  Nerve-racking, man. My second chance is all about val and the kids. I just  want them to be proud of me, and I just want the take care of them. I miss  them so much. I didn't leave this long for nothing. Oh, man, can't lose this.  This is right there. It's so close. I have a one in three shot at $1 million.  I want to show the jury that I was in control of this game. I had two hidden  immunity idol, one immunity win. I surrounded myself with the right people at  the right time, and even up to the end I feel really good.  I got to finish this game, get that money and bring it home for my family.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Kass, Savage, Wiglesworth, Ciera,  Fishbach, Joe, Abi, Kimmi, Keith and wentworth. Jeremy, Tasha, Spencer, your  final tribal council. Your second-chance story started 39 days ago. Your game  play has brought you to this point. Your chance to plead your case. What is  it about your game that makes it more deserving than the two people sitting  next to you? Jury, for the first time you will have a chance to address Jeremy,  Tasha and Spencer. If you're looking for information to make a $1 million  decision. Savage, get us started.  Arguably the most difficult season in the history of "Survivor." I applaud  each one of you. Getting to the final three is monumental in an epic season,  so it's important that everyone understands that my vote is completely open  right now, and it's not just my vote, it's most if not all of the jury  members. I tell you that because the questions you're going to get, all the  answers need to be full and honest and heartfelt, because every answer has  the potential for $1 million impact. That's how important this is, so please  take that to heart. Same going to focus on Jeremy and Spencer. Spencer, your  level of arrogance drove me crazy. You bark out that you're going to bury Jeremy  if he doesn't take you to the final. What astounded me is that you did that  in front of the jury. Do you have regrets about the arrogance that you  displayed to put your butt in that seat right now?  When I came into this game the first time, I was arrogant, and I realize that  arrogance is a mask for insecurities. And it's something that i've worked on.  Last night my confidence might have gotten carried away, and it might have  slipped back toward who I was, but I do believe that i've gained a lot of  self-awareness, so I don't regret the move, but I regret how I presented it.  Spencer. Thank you, I do appreciate your honesty. Jeremy, you're up. So let's  go back to the tribal council where Kimmi was voted out. Every syllable from  your mouth and action from your body is viewed critically by the jury, and  you're skipping and you're verbally attacking Kimmi, who is just trying to  stay in this game. So you need to explain to me your level of arrogance that  we all observed.  I don't feel I was being arrogant. I was upset. That whole day these two are  telling me that Kimmi flipped, I said, Kimmi's not flipping, so when she took  that and used it against me, I was upset. I said, Kimmi, shame on you, and I skipped  over and wrote her name down. I was very upset. She hurt my feelings, and  that was my reaction.  Thank you.  Jeff: Fishbach.  Guys, first of all, congratulations. Jeremy, I think you brought trust, honor  and integrity into a season where it didn't exist. Tasha, my question for you  is i've seen you a smart, strong strategist, but I think there is a perception  of you as the person who did Jeremy's work some defend or deny your role as  being that person.  Let me just dispel the myth. I’m a strong, independent woman. No one dictates  anything to me in life or in "Survivor." I played my game. Any time  that there was a decision that I felt was in direct conflict with what I wanted  to do, I dug in my heels and got what I wanted.  I've always expected really strong strategic play from you, and that's why  i've been really surprise you became so colonized by this idea of voting  bocks and that you were willing to betray people.  I didn't really have close relationships, so I probably had to do more  backstabbing and more jumping between blocs at the expense of relationships,  at the expense of yours.  Thank you for all those words. Thank you guys and congratulations to you all.  It's a tremendous accomplishment.  Jeff: Ciera.  Hi, guys.  Hi.  Hi.  So on a typical "Survivor" season, flippers rarely make it to the  end and they never win. This season there were no more alliances. There were  voting blocs, and voting blocs required flipping, leaving a jury that feels  extremely betrayed. So me question is directed to all of you: Why this  season, unlike any other season, should flipping be rewarded?  Well, for me this season was different because the level of caliber of the  players. Like this is arguably the best season of "Survivor" ever.  And you coming in saying, make a big move, make a big play, I think that  opened up a lot of avenues to move around. So it wasn't necessarily flippers,  it was just voting blocs that are moving.  Okay.  For me, I think it is a result of multiple swaps. When I went into Bayon, I made  some deals with people. Then I’m on Angkor, boston um, made some deals. There  came back the Bayon, made some deals there. So what I was trying to do was  make sure I survived, so flipping was something that needed to be done.  Okay. Spence?  I think that this season there were so many different types of relationships  that the voting blocs were very fluid, and I think when there were blurred  lines, I had to take advantage of them, and for me it meant blind siding  physical and strategic and social threats, but I think it was the only way to  put myself in a position where I could climb to the top.  Okay. Thanks, guys.  Bianca:.  Jeff: Thanks, Ciera. Keith.  Yeah. Guys, congratulations. You'll know my style of play. Where I’m from,  being humble is a pretty big thing. Jeremy, my question is convince me why  you think Spencer is deserving to win. If you convince me Spencer is a winner,  you're the real winner, and I want the feel it, and Spencer you the same  after it's over.  I think Spencer played a solid game. Spencer came from the bottom. He was  almost eliminated two tribals in a row. He made some good moves. He played  the middle ground. He had three immunities...  That's your pitch? Make me feel like spenceer is a million dollar winner.  Spenceer is a very intelligent player.  Spence?  Definitely headed into the merge, Jeremy had a lot of control and a lot of  strong relationships, and he really put himself in a powerful position. So I think  he deserves a lot of credit for that.  Okay. I’m good, Jeff.  Jeff: Thanks, buddy.  Thanks, Keith.  Jeff: Abi.  Hi, you guys. I have notes. "Survivor" is a game of big moves, but  I want to hear what was your subtle move that got you to the place where you  are at right now? Tasha?  My subtle move was reconnecting with Spencer, coming into this game with  three other cagayan players, we had targets on our back. While everyone  thought this was the power couple, my relationship with Spencer was probably  ten times stronger and that was my subtle move.  Okay. Spencer?  My subtle move had a lot to do with Joe because he was also in the middle,  and it was dangerous to sit in that middle place, so I think my subtle move  was trying to shift that distrust more on him than on me.  Okay. Jeremy?  Well, on reward challenges, my team always loses. I go back to camp, but I think  the subtle move was I’m hunting for idols. I find two of them, and I had my  liberty to play it, and it brought us closer together. My game moves forward.   Thanks for owning your moves, you guys. Congrats.  Thanks, Abi.  Jeff: Kimmi, you're up.  Spencer, last night's tribal council you were being a doesn't right bully,  and I will use that behavior as an example to my children as to what they  should never do. As for Jeremy, me, you, Tasha, we had an alliance, and now  all of a sudden Spencer comes in, and he replaces me in a pecking order, and  the two of you let Spencer come in and ruin, you know, a tight family that we  had.  I never said Spencer replaced you. You said Spencer replaced you. I always  said that you're with me. I had faith if you and said Kimmi is with me. So  that's why I said, who wrote my name down? It can't be Kimmi. And it hurt my  feelings because I was duped by Kimmi kappenberg.  Okay.  Jeff: Thanks, Kimmi. Joe.  My vote is open, completely open tonight. I figured it would be the best way  to end this season being objective and have a great winner for a great  season. So tash, I think you weren't aware of what was going on around you.  Like Jeremy told you to do things and you were running around trying to  figure out what was going on, so I would like one moment when you said, this  is something that is out of my control, and I was able to harness it and turn  it around.  I come from corporate america. I deal with alpha males all the time. There's  a game within the game.  So do you have a specific example.  Yeah, exactly, your vote out. Jeremy was conflicted even at tribal council.  They're looking at each other, should we do this, because they were concerned  about aball-girl alliance, but when I felt it was critical for me to step in  for the betterment of our alliance, which we're here now, I did. Other times  I pick and chose my battles because that's the game within the game.  Okay. Thank you.  Thanks, Joe.  Jeff: Kellw Wiglesworth.  15 years ago I was sitting right there. I lost by one vote. My fate was  determined by one simple question: Jeremy, tash, yeah Spencer, pick a number  between one and ten.  Right now?  <br/>Two.  Three.  Four.  Thanks.  Jeff: Kass, you're up.  I just have a question for one person. Spencer, in cagayan when I flipped at  the merge, repositioning myself, you famously said, "Kass, 0% chance of  winning. Everything i've heard here tonight, you played like chaos Kass. How  can you ask me to give you my vote for $1 million win when you spent two  years saying I’m a dumb ass?"  i know i've said a lot of things, and I think system of them did come out of  a place of anger from our season. But I don't think it's hypocritical of me  to ask for your vote because I do believe i've changed. And I do believe that  the Spencer that asks for your vote now is not the same Spencer that said you  had 0% chance of winning.  You know, congratulations for trying to change, you know, and I feel like  i've done it, too, and I feel like that's a very important thing for both of  us, so, you know, good luck tonight and, you know, maybe we'll have a beer  later.  Jeff: Wentworth, finish it out.  Well, well, well, no surprise it's you three sitting there. You know, I’m fresh  out of this game. This is still really raw for me. I’m still processing. What  I do know is I came into this game wanting to play my second chance as an  individual, and I did that. What was your second chance story about? Do you  feel like you accomplished it? Tasha?  My second-chance story has been to build and maintain relationships, making  sure that the people that I was working with knew every day they had the  loyalty and the trust of an alliance. That was my second-chance story.  Spencer?  My second-chance story has been teetering between who I was and who I am  trying to be now. The first time I played "Survivor," I had no  people skills. And it hurt a lot to admit those things to myself, but once I did,  I did start working on it, and I did come in here, bringing that to the game  to play how I couldn't in cagayan. Maybe with blood on my hand, but I truly  believe I made relationships that I couldn't have made before.  Jeremy?  My second-chance story... Like everybody knows that I’m here for val, I’m here  for jordan, I’m here for cameron. Everything I’m doing is for them. Before I left,  val comes up and tells me she's pregnant, so I’m here and I’m bugging out  because I know I’m missing this, you know? So val comes on the visit and she  says she's fine, the baby's fine and he's a boy. And every day I want to tell  all you all that I’m about to have a son, and I can't even tell you all  because I don't want to mess up my game, I don't want to mess up anything  because I’m doing it for them. So my second chance is all about family.  That's it. I’m not doing it for nothing else. I don't even care about me. All  I care about is my family. That's my second chance.  Okay.  Jeff: Nice finish. Eremy, tash,a, Spencer, there is one thing left to do, and  that is vote. Jury, I’m going to give you a moment to take in everything you  just heard and you'll make the single biggest decision of this game.  Jeff: All right, jury. It is a time to make a million dollar decision.  Tonight you are voting for a winner, the person you think most deserving of  the title of sole Survivor and the $1 million check that goes along with it.  For the last time, it is time to vote. Savage, you're up.  This is a really, really hard decision for me, but you guys really battled it  out.  Fate is on your side tonight.  Jeff: I'll go get the votes. Thank you for a great season of "Survivor."  thank you for change your second-chance adventures. I'll see all of you back  in los angeles for the reading of the votes. [cheering and applause]  anchor: All right. Wow. Awesome. Man, I got to say, thank you to all you guys  in the non-jury, the people who are out here for what has truly been, at  least for me, an electrifying season to watch. [cheering and applause] from  day one you all played hard. You bled, and it was a blast. Here's where we  are. Jeremy, tash, yeah Spencer, this season I think more than any really  illustrates how difficult it is to get to the end. You got there. Now it's in  the hands of the jury. It is time to read the votes. These are votes for a  winner. Here we go. First vote Jeremy. [cheering and applause] Jeremy. Two  votes Jeremy. Jeremy. Three votes Jeremy. Jeremy. Four votes Jeremy. Jeremy.  Five votes Jeremy. The winner of "Survivor: Second chance," Jeremy.  That's it. Jeremy just won $1 million. Hello, val. All right. Val is here.  She's full term. She could give birth at any moment, and it has been a season  of firsts, so you never know. Jeffrey collins, not a bad name. There were so many  great moments this season, we're going to get everybody out here and talk  about all of them. It's the "Survivor: Second chance" reunion show  live from los angeles next.