<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor": Second chances are never easy.  I got so much riding on me. My wife is pregnant. I want to be there to see it  grow.  Jeff: Some were struggling with their emotions.  When my girlfriend starting saying like, "i love you," I didn't say  it back. I’m trying to have feelings.  Jeff: While others were fighting to stay alive.  If I don't win immunity, I’m gone.  Jeff: At the it last immunity challenge, Joe lost for the first time.  Jeff: Spencer wins individual immunity!  I don't have that necklace, and I’m really nervous.  Jeff: Back at camp, Stephen thought he could get everyone on board to vote  out Joe.  I have been trying to take out Joe since day one.  Jeff: But Spencer had plans of his own.  Abi, if we don't vote for Stephen, I think you and wentworth and I and Keith  are in a lot of trouble.  Jeff: At tribal council, Spencer got his way, 11th person voted out, and  fifth member of our jury.  Wow, nice.  Jeff: Shocking Jeremy, tash aand kim. The tribe has spoken.  Thank you.  Jeff: Eight are left. Who will be voted out tonight? Captioning funded by cbs  and ford. We go further, so you can.  It was a crazy one.  You didn't think that was going to, like, mess up numbers and stuff? Or you  just feel like--  i do feel like it. I mean, I feel like the game is once again, like, really  open.  Okay.  For the first time, I made a move. I blindsided Stephen, but I can't become  the game bot who treats people like pawns. So even if Jeremy isn't someone I want  to go to the end with, he's probably someone I need to keep a relationship  with.  I just want to make sure we're still good.  We're still good. Like, I still trust you.  I didn't want Stephen gone. Now, I feel like I’m in trouble. I don't feel  comfortable with anything.  We should just, like, figure out where things stand. It's going to be like it  has been. It's going to be like picking up the pieces,un.  That's true. These voting blocks just keep moving and I don't like that  feeling. I like to be in the middle of everything and know what's going on.  This is what I’m thinking.  Okay.  If Joe doesn't win, he's definitely going.  Oh, yes.  Everybody's on board with that.  Yes! After tribal, I felt completely blindside and I had realized I need to  be in control of my destiny. So we get rid of Joe. That's four women. And  girls have an upper hand.  I would love to do that all women.  Because everybody wants to.  Right.  And then before they realize what's happening, we already gotten them.  I'm so happy right now. I love this.  Are you--  i'm in, yeah. Out of the blue, Kimmi approaches me with this plan of an  all-girls alliance. If we vote out Joe and the girls are willing to work  together, there's nothing that Jeremy, Keith, or Spencer could do.  If one of the guys go, then it's going to be four women that can rule. So,  it's got to be Joe.  I agree.  Then we can get out Spencer.  Yup.  We can get out Keith.  Yeah.  And Jeremy.  I didn't come out here and leave my family just to be somebody's pawn. I came  out here to win. So it's time for me to make my move.  Jeff: Tash ahow does it feel to have lasted 30 day?  Jeff, to make it to 30 days, I’m feeling fantastic.  Jeff: Jeremy, how hard is it to play a second time and leave your life behind  knowing I’m out here for my family?  I have no communication with home. I don't know what they're doing. I don't  know how they're doing. Whatever.  Jeff: Wow, even talking about it. Well, as you guys know, a big part of  "Survivor" is the loved one visit. And most of the time, we do  bring your loved ones to you. Not always. Sometimes we do something  different. Today, we are not doing anything different. Today we brought your  love to you.  Oh, my God!  Oh, my God!  Oh, my God! Oh, my God!  I'm ready! I’m ready!  Jeff: Jeremy, here's your wife, val.  Go get her!  I knew it!  So val said, "it's a boy." I’m going to have a son. That's wild.  But I don't want anybody to know right now. They don't need to know.  Jeff: Jeremy that was, I think, the fastest sprint to a loved one i've ever  seen.  I mean, like, this whole game, all I do is think about family. There is  nothing more important than family.  Jeff: All right. Val, take your spot over here. Jeremy, head back. Say your  good-byes. Tash ahere's your cousin, christina!  What! What!  Can you believe it!  Oh, what!  I know! I know!  We are like more sisters than cousins. It's just-- it's love.  It's love. It's love!  Oh, my dpoive!  Jeff: All right, christina, take your spot next to val.  Oh, man, awesome!  Jeff: Spencer, who would you like to see?  My girlfriend.  Jeff: Okay. Spencer has a girlfriend! Marcella.  There you go, spence!  Saying "i love you," is a big deal to me. And it's something i've  struggled with since childhood. And it's like I fought through feeling that  way with so many people that i've loved. And the fact that I did say "i  love you" it shows me that this change is real. It's not made up. It's  happened. Because I colove marcella.  Jeff: Abi, your mom came the last time you were on the show. Your mom is here  again. Vera figeroa, come on out! She's my angel.  She is my angel. Understand me?  Jeff: Uh-huh. All right, join the the others.  I love you.  I love you.  Ciao.  Ciao.  Jeff: All right, Keith, who do you want to see? Keith's wife, dana, come onut  big "d"!  Big "d," everybody! It's her! Oh, man. This will get me over the  hump now.  Yeah.  God.  Jeff: How did you guys meet?  He went to college in arkansas, where I’m from.  Jeff: L.a., lower arkansas. This is a boost for every one of us!  Jeff: All right, one last hug.  All right, baby. Be good. I love you, too.  Jeff: Wentworth.  Yes?  Jeff: Here's your dad now!  Hey, dad! Oh, hi, dad!  Jeff: Dale, what's it like to be back here? Because you did play this game.  I have a whole new respect for the loved ones who stay home. I really do.  Jeff: Wow.  It hurts really bad. Especially where we know what the game does to you. But  you come out better.  Jeff: All right, give him one last hug.  All right, dad.  Jeff: Joe, the first time you played, you shared a story as a kid getting on  "Survivor," and part of your visualization included your dad  walking through a scene just like this. But it didn't happen. It's happening  now. Here's your dad, pat. ( cheers and applause ) come on, pat!  You did it. You did it.  Jeff: So, Joe, you guys clearly have a very strong family bond.  Yeah. Whew. Family's the most important thing in my life. And I just want to  thank you for giving me this moment. For real.  Jeff: All right, give him a hug.  I love you.  Jeff: Or a kiss. Much better.  Thanks, guys.  Jeff: Kimmi, you've waited longer than anyone else to have a loved one visit  you on "Survivor."  yes!  Jeff: Here's your dad.  Oh, my daddy! My daddy! Oh, my God, my daddy! Oh, canada! Thank you! Thank  you. Daddy! This is the best gift! That I could give my dad is to let him be  a part of my dream.  Jeff: All right, one last good-bye hug.  Okay, b.b., love you.  Thank you, canada.  Jeff: All right, we have a reward challenge to get to. For today's challenge,  you're going to race to dig up bags in the sand. You will then spin around a  post to retrieve another bag. This will make you dizzy. You will then have to  make your way across a balance beam where you'll collect your last bag.  You'll then use the pieces inside the bag to solve a word puzzle. First  person to get it right wins reward. Want to know what it is?  Yes!  Yes!  Jeff: Good, old-fashioned, american barbecue.  Oh!  Jeff: The winner will go back to camp with their loved one. It truly is a  once-in-a-lifetime experience. We'll draw for spots. We'll get started. All  right, here we go. For a reward of barbecue and love. Survivors ready? Go!  Looking for a rope. Once you have it, pull it up. Kimmi has hers. Joe has  his. When you see your first bag, untie it. Keith has his. Kimmi has hers. Keith  has his second bag. Open it up, Keith, untie it. Joe has his second bag.  Sorry, Keith.  Come on, come on, come on!  Jeff: Jeremy has his first bag. Jeremy's got his second bag. Kimmi in the  lead. Keith right behind.  Come on, kim! Come on, Kimmi!  Jeff: Kim already spinning around that post. You're going to get dizzy very  quickly. Keith has his three bags. Tasha has her third bag. Joe has his third  bag. The faster you spin the faster finish and the more dizzy will you get.  Go, Tasha! Expwhr you're looking for five bags total. Jeremy now spinning.  Everybody getting dizzy. Keith has his fourth bag. Kimmi has her fourth bag.  Almost, Tasha, almost!  Jeff: Kimmi cannot cannot move she's so dizzy. Keith is going to give it a  go. Can he make it? No, Keith has to go back. Now you are dizzy with four  bags and you have to untie a fifth on a beam Kimmi has to try it again. Tasha  has all four bags.  You're still in it, Kelly!  Jeff: Kelly has hers. Spencer has his!  You got it, baby!  Jeff: Keith has his "p" go, start working on the puzzle.  Take your time.  Jeff: It is Keith now with the lead. Jeremy has his fifth.  Take your time, Jeremy.  Go, kelliy, let's go.  Kelly has her fifth bag.  Jeff: Abi falls she has to go back. Spencer working on his fifth bag. He has  come from behind before in the last immunity challenge and pulled it out. Can  he do it again? Spencer has his fifth bag. Now Spencer's in it.  I don't know what it is.  Jeff: It is one word you're looking for.  I don't know what it is.  Jeff: It is Joe, Keith, Spencer, wentworth, Abi, and Jeremy. Your loved ones  are here in cambodia. Tasha has her fifth. She can start working on it.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Kimmi falls off again. The great thing about this is you can get it in  an instant and win it out of nowhere.  Stay with it, Kelly.  Jeff: Abi thinks she has something. She's going to give it a go. Is she  right? Wentworth thinks she has something. She's going to try something now. Abi  is spelling a word. Wentworth is spelling a word. Now everybody is starting  to panic. What is it? Wentworth places another block and another one. Spencer  looking next door. No idea what it is. Nourishment is the word! Wentworth  wins reward!  Dad!  Jeff: Love with her dad and a barbecue back at camp!  I was going for redemption.  Good job, Kelly.  Jeff: All right, so you guys are going to go back to camp where we have a  beautiful barbecue set up for you. You just need to pick three tribe members  and their loved ones to join you.  Oh, my God, Jeff, this is so hard. Keith.  Come on, big "d"!  Abi.  Abi!  Thank you so much, Kelly!  Kimmi's been talking about her loved one visit for a really long time, so  this is really hard for me, but I know she really wants to see her dad. I’m sorry,  you guys.  Jeff: All right, four people left. Choose one more.  Oh!  I know how much the family reward meant to Joe, so, Joe.  All right, Joe.  Hi.  Hi.  Jeff: All right, that means christina, val, marcella, got to say good-bye to  you guys.  I love you!  Love you!  I love you!  Jeff: All right, 10 of you go back and have a once-in-a-lifetime experience  thanks to wentworth.  Thank you.  Jeff: Tasha, Spencer, Jeremy, got nothing for you. Everybody grab your stuff,  head back to camp, enjoy. Dad at my side and the other loved ones it was a  beautiful thing. It was so cool. And I could tell everyone was so excited to  be here.  Nice to meet you!  Thank you!  To see a family member, especially your wife, I don't know, I needed to see  somebody. I wouldn't have cared if you brought my fifth cousin from my daddy,  just some kind of relative, but big "d" was the ultimate prize.  You painted that whole thing?  Yeah, it took me a while.  You know,iment you to know that I thought of something. I have to tell you  because... As you get older, I never had a friend like you.  Really?  Mm. When I was growing up, I never wanted to let anybody in. That's why i've  been a loner my whole life. But you're such a good son, Joe. You're my hero.  Respect my friend.  Growing up as a kid, me and my dad, we were close, but he wasn't very  affectionate. He was a little bit tough, and he never really said, "i  love you." so for him to be able to share that with me was something so  special and, like, ah! I'll remember it for the rest of my life. I love you  unconditionally.  Exactly. Exactly.  What do you think of all their picks? What do you think about our picks?  I don't know. It's kind of what I expected.  Ah! It still sucks. Kelley choosing who to come with her on reward was, like,  these tiny little shanks to the heart one by one by one. I've never felt  heartache like that. I just had to take a moment and let me heart catch up  with my head. There's no option at this point but for me to get my head back  in the game and do everything in my power to win. I know you probably still  feel weird about Stephen, but it was the thing against Stephen. It was not a  thing against you.  But how do you, like, proceed forward?  Well, how do you guys feel about us in the final three.  I'm down with that. For all three.  I'm in.  I'm in.  Absolutely. This is perfect. I have one option to go with Spencer and Jeremy  to the final three. And then on the other side, the girls were talking about  an all-girl alliance. So I think I have two viable options.  So what's the next move?  How do you guys feel about Joe in the game now?  I think Joe is setting himself up nicely. He can say, "i not only played  a physical game. I played a social game. I am clearly the biggest threat, and  I’m still here." so we have to do something.  At this point, I don't know how many chances there are going to be to get Joe  out. I let one opportunity go because I had a big move to make, and I needed Joe's  help for it. But Joe is a guy who you give him an inch, he will take a mile.  He gets momentum, and I’m done. So it makes all the sense in the world for  me, the second I get the chance, to get this guy out of here.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yes!  Jeff: First things first, Spencer. I must take it pack. I know you don't want  to give it up. It feels so good.  It will feel good again.  Jeff: I like it! Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's  challenge, you're going to balance a Wooden statue on a pole. At regular  intervals, we'lled -- another section of pole, making it more difficult. Your  statue drops, you're out. Last person left standing wins immunity, guaranteed  a one-in-seven shot at winning this game. Losers, tribal council, where  somebody will be the sixth person of our jury. And today, it is the first man  and the first woman.  Whoa!  Wow!  Jeff: Two people will have immunity. Everybody's odds just knot a whole lot  better. We'll draw for sports and get started.  Oooh!  Jeff: Let's do it. One in four. Come on. All right, here we go. Everybody  take your first section. Place your Wooden statue on it. Hands at the bottom  of the pole. Everybody put your hands at the bottom. Here we go. We are on.  All right, everybody add another section of pole. This will be your first  test. You have to make the transition while keeping your statue in place. And  get your hands back down to the bottom, which means you have to raise that  pole higher. Everybody made the transition nicely. We will keep adding a  section of pole every five minutes. * *  Jeff: You're now at 10 feet of pole with a Wooden statue over your head. Be  mind will of that when it drops. Get out of the way. Kimmi loses balance. Kimmi  drops. Kimmi's the first one out of the challenge. Kimmi, take a spot on the  bench. No shot at immunity for Kimmi. Abi cannot get it back. Abi is out. And  we are down to two women, wentworth and Tasha. One man, and one woman will  want it more than the others. Who can hang in there the the longest? All  right, we're anything to add another section of pole. No quick moves because  we're still alive. I'll give you plenty of time. Here we go. Everybody make  your move. Tasha cannot messenger the transition. Tasha is out of the  challenge. Kelley wentworth wins individual immunity. Safe tonight at tribal  council. And right behind that, Spencer drops out. Jeremy cannot survive the  transition. Jeremy drops. A whole lot happening at once. We're down to two, Keith  and Joe. Trying to make this transition. Let's go, guys. Five, four, three,  two, one. And we are back on with Keith and Joe for immunity. We are now at  about 14 feet of pole. Wentworth already has immunity. Who will join her  tonight with security a tribal council? Will it be Keith or will it be Joe?  All right, it's time to add another section. Here we go. Reach for your last  section of pole. But if you drop during this transition, it's over. I’m going  to count you in. Here we go, five, four, three, two, ones.  Hold it, Keith! Hold it, Keith! This is it. We play it out from here. 16 feet  of pole balancing a small Wooden statue to move one step closer, to winning  this game. A million dollars. Joe with a lot of movement now, huge bend in  that pole. Joe a nice recovery. That took everything. That pole was on its  way over. Keith with a lot of bend in that pole again. Can he get it back?  And he does. Just when you think it's over, both guys battle back. Your neck  is hurting. Your body's fatigued. You're mentally exhausted, but you cannot  give up.  This is too tense, man. We're now one hour, 20 minutes into this challenge.  That is a long time. You're looking straight up. Balancing a statue. A long  section of poles.  Jeff: Keith wins individual immunity.  Is he okay!  Jeff: Medical! Medical!  What!  Is he okay! Joe! Is he all right!  Joe!  Is he all right.  Guys, clear a little spot for medical.  Oh, my God. He, like, passed out.  Bud, we're right here with you, you're in great happens.  Oh, my God!  Joe? Can you hear me, Joe? ( beeping ).  He literally, like, passed out.  That's not what h we wanted.  That's scary.  Jeff: Joe, you've got our medical team here. They're taking care of you,  buddy.  Oh!  Take it easy, man.  Jeff: Dr. Joe, just so we can catch up, what's raepg right now. To the point  where he's not able to support himself. He just collapsed.  My legs went numb.  Don't worry, Joe. Just take it easy, man.  Jeff: Yeah. Can we bring in an umbrella? Thanks. Joe, are you starting to  come back enough to realize what happened?  Yeah. I just blacked out, and then that's the last I remember. I just wanted  it so bad. I love this game, man. I want to play it, like, as hard as I can.  Jeff: I think this effort just showed you are.  Your legs just collapsed.  Jeff: So, Joe, the good news is what dr. Joe is saying is that even though  you clearly feel miserable, you're not in any danger of being pulled from the  game. This is temporary.  Jeff: Yeah.  Let's very gently, in stages, get you upright.  Sit up, sit up, sit up. I go into immunity today thinking I’m going to win,  and now I’m on my back going what happened? And I’m vulnerable again to  getting votedly out at tribal.  Good job, Joe!  All right, Joe!  There's just no safety in "Survivor," you know? It's a tough, tough  situation for me.  Jeff: Game continues. Wentworth.  Good job, Kelley.  Good job, Kelley.  Jeff: Great effort not to be lost in the drama of all this. You are safe at  tribal council tonight. Not going anywhere. Keith.  Keith!  Jeff: Well earned. You are safe. Not going anywhere. I gotta say that the  group of you, when we had this idea for "Survivor: Second chance,"  this is what we hoped for. A group of people willing to push themselves  further than they would ever dare push themselves back home in their normal  lives. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. See you tonight at tribal. * *  good job, guys.  That was pretty crazy.  That was a good one, wasn't it.  That was scary, man.  Sit down and rest.  It just took a lot out of me.  I bet, yeah "p."  the last thing I remember is, I see stars. And then it was just, like, I’m going  down.  The immunity challenge was, like, watching a crazy soccer match, you know,  brazil against germany. And to see Joe the amazing lose to a 52-year-old man,  it was awesome. And now, it's time for him to go.  Oh, she does! Oh! Oh, my God!  Awesome!  The tides have turned.  Oh, my God.  So we get rid of Joe and then we decide what's best for us. The fact that Joe  pushed himself until he passed out, that is frightening. Because, like, I can't  compete with that. So he's got to go. Once we get him out of here, the girls  are in control of this game.  You want to talk?  Yeah.  Can you get up?  Yeah.  Right now, it suction because I don't have immunity, and I’m exhausted. But I  went in to the last tribal without the necklace, and I’m still here. So I’m pretty  confident that I can do it again. At this point in the the game, like, I’m thinking  who's the most dangerous person to just get to the end. Hands down, Abi. Just  think about it. In everyone's mind, they want to sit next to Abi. And with  every vote that she's not voted out, she becomes more and more dangerous to  make it to the end.  Yeah, that's true. Sitting next to Abi would be easy money.  Exactly. I want players to go to the end.  Yeah. I hear you. Wrierks what it comes down to is I need Abi out of this  game and Jeremy's a smart guy, so I think it's going to stick, and I think it  did stick.  What do you want to do? Because, I mean, it's easy to be like, "let's  get Joe out."  yeah.  Here's the thing. The girls want to do an all-girl alliance. But you guys  have to trust it will not be all girls. I've been locked in since day one.  And that's it.  I was planning on voting out Joe, and then Tasha tells me this talk about an  all girls' alliance. Oh, my God.  Are you guys seriously nervous about this all-girl thing?  No. I’m not nervous about the all girls. It's just so quiet right now.  It is a little calm.  It's never this easy.  So I told Jeremy and Spencer about the all-girl alliance because I didn't  want to risk having them find out about it from someone else. Because that  would create distrust. However, all I did was make them suspicious, which  could mean trouble.  I'm concerned either way. If we keep Joe, I’m terrified. If we get rid of Joe,  I’m terrified.  Yeah. Oh, my God.  The problem is I’m not 100% convinced that Tasha's idea of final three with  myself and Jeremy. Tasha might have the thought in her head, I can beat an Abi.  I can beat a Kimmi. I can beat wentworth. So we have to squash these girls  before they get anything started.  If we can get Keith, and if we still have Joe.  But who's the fifth? We need Tasha.  We've got to lock her in, then. If those girls take over the ame, h me and Spencer,  we're all done. Our games are over. So having Tasha on my side is crucial  right now.  Okay, so, you vote out Abi. And that leaves Joe in the game, and then he wins  out.  You think you're going to win out?  You couldn't beat him today. Spencer couldn't beat him today. Joe escaped one  tribal council, and I don't want him to escape another one. But at this  point, it's a stalemate.  What is that powwow about?  Are people still writing Joe?  I know Tasha is 100%. I don't want to go to tribal council not knowing what's  going to happen. So we need to come to an agreement. We're anything to be  making a million-dollar decision, and I’m nervous as hell about that.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Kass. Savage. Wiglesworth. Ciera.  And fish back, voted out at the last tribal council. Joe, one of the most  dramatic moments in "Survivor" history today when you dropped. How  are you feel?  I'm okay. I’m not great by any means. I mean, i've pushed myself. You know in  sports, but nothing like this. And it's-- it's humbling. I have my breaking  point, too.  Jeff: Kimmi, what was it like when you saw that?  I mean, it was an epic battle between them. I mean, just watching it, it was  jaw dropping. And to see somebody go down, I mean, it was frightening for us.   Jeff: So, wentworth, once you realized he's going to be okay, how quickly  does your brain go, all right, I gotta be honest. I am in a game.  Yeah, I mean, it definitely crosses your mind. I mean, he stood there until  he passed out. Like, he could cothat in any challenge and beat all of us to  the end. I mean, it had to have crossed everyone's mind like, holy crap.  These guys will literally pass out to win a challenge.  Jeff: Jeremy, are you able, also, to say, back to game mode? Dude does not  have immunity?  Yeah, I mean, as soon as you find out that he's all right, you start  thinking, all right, Joe, doesn't have immunity. Do we take him out? But you  have a game plan, and it's not just going to change just because Joe doesn't  have immunity. You can't have blinders on. Because these next few votes are--  are crucial.  Crucial.  Uh-huh.  Crucial!  Jeff: And, Jeremy, this is where the invoice of voting blocks versus  alliances starts to get very expensive, because the thing about an alliance  is theoretically you can count on it to a certain point. The thing. A voting  block as you guys have been explaining it's new every kay.  At some point, especially right now when you're getting down to the  nitty-gritty, you gotta start picking an alliance, because you don't want to  end up on the bottom of the voting block at the last part of the game. You  know what I mean?  Jeff: What does that mean in terms of us getting ready to vote?  I feel like people know who is on the chopping block right now.  Jeff: Do you think everyone knows who is on the chopping block?  I always feel like I am, so I’m going to throw my hand up saying I am.  Jeff: Abi, for what reason?  Every tribal I feel that I’m on the bottom because of the connection I have  with wentworth and Ciera. I think that's going to keep on haunting us.  Well, I think you're a threat in the game because everyone would want to take  you to the end. She's in the perfect spot to make it past a vote, another  vote, another vote. And yet she's still here.  But I’m not confident they won't be going home tonight. I do feel there is a  possibility.  And, yet, look, she's sitting up straight, happy as a clam.  Jeff: Spencer, Joe brings up this conversation about who you might crag to  the end because they can't win. They're still taking up a spot in the final  three. And it might be your spot.  Exactly. When this person that you'd love to sit next to doesn't actually  help your chances of getting to the final three, that's when it becomes a  problem.  Jeff: Abi what, do you think is going to happen tonight? Is this all a bunch  of nothing because we already know what's happening.  There is a mold going on and it's affecting the other players. And I think we  have to get rid of the bad apple.  Jeff: And, Joe what, do you think is going to happen tonight?  I hope that the people that I said today that I was going to do what I said I  was going to do stick to that plan and we continue moving forward. Because if  not, it's going to go boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. The big threats in the  game right down the line. It only takes four after this vote. And if you  don't have four that you can absolutely trust, you're going to be 8, 7, 6.  Jeff: Other, it is time to vote. Wentworth, you're up.  You're moldy. You gotta go, and, please, get a haired cut. You look like a  clown.  I have the terrifying feeling that this is either a winning or a losing vote.   Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Joe. Abi. Tasha.  One vote Joe, one vote Abi, one vote Tasha. Joe. Two votes Joe. Joe. That's  three votes Joe, one vote Abi, one vote Tasha. 12th person voted out and the  sixth member of our jury, Joe. You need to bring me your torch.  Jeff: Joe, the tribe has spoken.  Good luck, y'all. Boys, best of luck.  Jeff: Time for you to go. Well, the question of tonight's tribal seems to be  was an alliance formed tonight, or was this just the perfect opportunity to  take out a big threat? Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night.  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff:next time on "Survivor": After a huge mindside, Jeremy and Spencer  are worried.  I'm deeply concerned.  I think we're in trouble.  I feel my game slipping away. Expwhr but backstabbing isn't the only danger  in "Survivor." oh! You okay?  I need help!  I have no regrets. I don't leave anything back behind me and say I could have  done this better or that better. I tried to play the best game they knew how,  and had so much fun and I was able to reach so many goals and just getting my  dad out here, that alone for me was a million-dollar experience, and I have  the fans to thank