<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor," you will get a second shot. After  being picked by america, 20 former players travel to cambodia. They've been  given a second chance to change the way they played the first time and to  finish what they started. Welcome to "Survivor: Cambodia--second  chance."  i'm here to win $1 million. When it's all done, i'll pray for forgiveness.  Jeff: The Ta Keo tribe --  did you see my bag? My bracelet is inside.  Jeff: Abi was battling herself.  It's so hard for me not to pull out my things. The bracelet.  Jeff: But the real battle was between two styles of play, old school and new  school. The new school was all about strategy.  I want to pull away people I want to work with and just lock it down.  Jeff: While the old school was about relationships and survival.  It doesn't get any more old school than me.  Jeff: It was the veteran who found himself stuck in the middle.  I don't care who is pulling me in the Woods. Yes is your answer.  Jeff: At the Bayon tribe, the strong men bonded together, but Stephen didn't  fit in and his tribe became suspicious that he was looking for a hidden  immunity idol.  I think he's trying the look for an idol.  Oh, really?  Jeff: In a "Survivor" first, Kelly found an idol hidden at the  immunity challenge, but it was Joe who found success. Joe wins immunity! It  only got worse for Ta Keo. We are heading to tribal council right now. At  tribal council, Varner had to decide which way to go.  This is my second chance. I don't want to screw it up. In the end, Abi got  four votes. First person voted out of "Survivor: Cambodia" -- but Vytas  got sent home. Now that you've been to tribal council, fire in the form of  flint will be waiting for you back at camp. 19 are left. Who will be voted  out tonight?  Tribal council was devastating. I didn't expect Varner to flip. It kind of  sucks to be on the bottom. It's not how I wanted to start out the second  chance. My group need to get their crap together. They set the space. We have  to start defending ourselves or we're didn't here. Yesterday we went from the  challenge straight the tribal, so I need the find some time to read my idol,  which i've been holding on. To I don't even know what it looks like. I don't  know what the clue says.  The idol.  This second chance season is already insane. I’m so glad to have a little bit  of security. It's a beautiful thing. I’m so excited. Oh, my God. Yes! Oh, my God.  This is a great day. Playing a second time, having a second chance, I just  want to do everything that I didn't do the first time, and I want to be  aggressive, and I want to be a player. It's really important to me. This is a  second chance. Go big or go home. Yes!  We have a good group, you know?  Yeah. I would like to decide who is next now.  Shouldn't it probably be like someone in the race?  It's fine with me.  After Vytas went home, there was definitely a sense that the new school got  the better of the old school on the first vote. Wigles worth missed the vote.   I blind sided them. I hope that shows you loyalty. There's nine people on  this tribe. With Abi we have five. We shouldn't worry.  Spencer and Shirin are quite comfortable, but I’m not so sure they should be  as comfortable as they are. My whole plan with voting out Vytas was to teach  the old schoolers to play this game finally and to get the pace to get rid of  Shirin and Spencer. They're playing way too hard strategy-wise. I want to get  one of them out of the mix. I didn't want Abi to go. I don't think Abi's the  right one to go. Abi's easy. This game is moving like lightning, Terry, and  all of these threats have got to go. It can't be like names in passing.  That's old school.  Right.  This is a new day. I do not want us to look like we don't know what we're  doing. That vote last night was a wake-up call. Get off your ass and play  this game. This is not 2001. I want to vote out Spencer or Shirin. Those two  are players. They got to go. If I’m going to the end with a group, I’m going  with y'all. I’m not going with them.  I left tribal council feeling like crap, but Varner is hitting the beach hard  and playing the game. "Survivor" has changed. My second chance  includes Terry obviously having to play a social game or I will see my butt  voted out.  You understand what I’m saying in.  We're going to do this thing.  I'm looking for a spy shack.  I can do anything I put my mind to. I want to have fun out here. I want to do  stuff. No one likes sleeping on the bamboo, so I said, yeah, I think I’m going  the make a hammock. The last time I played I was the biggest threat, no  questions asked. So coming into this season, it's nice being in a role where  I feel like I am providing a service.  This don't suck at all.  I want to be someone that people need and want around.  Island paradise.  Oh, heck, yeah.  Take a big one. Then we'll give you a little one.  All right.  Are you sure you don't want another one?  Not right now.  Unbelievable. Joe is always coming up with ideas. What can I build next? What  new, amazing contraption can I build to make "Survivor" better.  It's crazy being on a tribe with Joe. He's Survivor macgiefer. He's always  building a hammock or going fishing.  I got some fish.  Throw some shrimp on the barbie. Joe's too good for his own self. He's too  much of the golden boy, beautiful threat.  Joe is really good at island life. I mean, yeah.  Joe's a guy who is perfect at the beginning, wins all the challenges, builds  the shelter and then you slit his neck right when we get to the merge.  You feel okay, right?  Absolutely.  All right.  I'm just very aware. I’m not done. At tribal council, I got four votes. If it  was me back in "Survivor: Philippines," I would have exploded. I’m working  on it. I try to act like the new Abi I want to be.  How did you do the chimney in china on the fire?  So basically block oit all the wind around it. It's easy to keep going.  So what's going on?  What?  What's going on?  We're building a fire chimney.  Just relax. We're seriously building a fire chimney.  Abi is an absolute drama queen. The fact that I have to trust someone like  that to protect my interests is the most frightening thing i've had to do in  all of "Survivor." you guys okay?  Of course. I’m fine. I’m just trying to connect with this friendship we have  going on.  I feel like I am in a good position, but Abi is like the permanent liAbility.  She will always be this body weight that you have to lug around.  So I watch up to them again.  Why not?  I'll be annoying.  Abi is here the start fight, and that is cancer for a tribe, and it's deathly  cancer for an alliance.  Here she comes.  So...  I offered you one. You didn't get it.  I want to be part of the talk.  Abi is our own brazilian soap opera that we can turn on and watch. There are  buttons you push.  What are you whispering about?  There are things that go on that you don't have to hear.  Oh, yeah?  I see Abi as someone everyone hates. She's the perfect fool to help me win $1  million.  If you want to follow me, you might hear a little more, but I don't think you  can run that fast.  Oh, my God, this is delicious. Who needs food when you have Abi.  I was in chicago. One of our clients was playboy enterprises. I met my wife  when she came to my office. On my desk was all these "playboy"  magazines.  How did you meet your wife?  So my wife was a top model in south africa in a lawsuit, and she won a beauty  contest and the prize was a trip around the world, and she stopped in america  to see my roommate. They were friends. I’m on trial. I come home with my  suit, and there's this most gorgeous brunette i've ever seen in my house. And  I nearly fainted. You could take a knife and cut the chemistry between us.  It's like from across the room. It was unbelievable. Then she went to  california and then she came back and... She's my world. Oh, my goodness.  So she came back.  She came back and we were married three months later.  That's awesome.  Great story.  My last season my fellow cast members were horrible. This time some of these  people are great people. So if they make me a better person and a better  player, i'll take it.  That is so sweet.  I think you have to have feelings in this game. And that was a fault in my  prior game is assuming everyone had compartmentalized this and we were going  to go play poker and someone was going to win. I realize not everyone behaves  in that manner out here. We're real people and I’m going to be a real person  throughout this.  Be all business. Bringing up that story with his wife, yeah, it touches you,  you know, it makes you think. My wife is pregnant. I just want to see her  stomach, you know what I mean? I want to be there to see it grow. I’m not  telling anybody. I got so much riding on me anyway, I know they're going to  come after me as a physical threat. And you're going to add on that my wife  is pregnant, no one is going to want the take me to the end. I got to control  this a little bit. Val knows how much this means to me and to her, you know?  She's the reason why I’m doing this, you know?  What's that?  Are we all concerned with Jeremy?  Are you?  Here's the thing about Stephen, first reaction is Jeremy's looking for an  idol as opposed to Jeremy has a wonderful wife and kids, maybe my story affected  him and he needed some private time. That just tells me that fish is playing  the game 24/7. All he cares about that idol and it's all about the game, no  emotion.  Your story, man, about your wife...  It hit you hard, too?  Get it out.  You got to get it out. Stephen's asking if you're looking for an idol.  He comes up to you and says that?  Yeah. That just shows you where his head is. He's kind of lacking in some of  the things that really mean everything to me and my tribe, morals and values,  loyalty, dignity, courage. Whether I like the guy or not, his time out here,  if it's up to me, is going to be limited.  I asked her to get some of these seeds to put them in the rice, and she's  like, my back hurts. I’m done, my back hurts. She's sitting there in the  shelter.  I heard everything you just said. Why didn't you say it to me? I’m so sorry  that you don't like me and that I annoy you and you can't stand me. There's  nothing else I can do.  I'm having a conversation with Peih-Gee. Abi overhearsay it -- Abi overhears  it and it erupts into a fight.  You were going around telling everybody you thought I stole my bracelet. How  does that make me feel, huh?  I wasn't talking about you behind your back.  That's not what I heard.  How would you feel if your name was put down four times.  Abi is talking about the votes for the millionth time. I started walking  away. It was all very awkward and painful to watch.  Maybe we got off on the wrong foot then.  Yeah, I guess so.  See, this is the thing, when you do that, oh, whatever.  What do you want me to tell you? You already made your decision?  You know what, Abi, I can work with everybody. Our friendship has nothing to  do with numbers.  Of course I was embarrassed to have been caught talking about somebody behind  their back, but everybody is fed up with her, okay. She doesn't have a single  friend on this island.  Are you okay?  That felt good.  The people I thought I was aligned with are laughing at me right now. And the  reason why I wanted to work with her is because she felt like nobody had her  back on her season, and I feel really weird right now. I feel alone.  I was like, calm down.  Abi goes off to the beach. The eight of us are in the shelter, and she's  getting laughed at by her people. And no one stood up for her. You know,  she's annoying and she's an emotional train wreck, but there is another human  being out there floundering, that's just wrong.  <br/>Right now I’m kind of open to or whoever is going to protect me.  Something started to really click between me and Abi, not only personal-wise  because we made that connection, but strategic-wise in the talking we were  doing there.  Maybe it's the old school thing, but if we move on together, I got your back.  The opportunity sprang from just being thoughtful about somebody.  Sitting here by myself, all alone, who came the talk to me? You.  Jeff lit a little fire under my ass. I knew I had to come to the beach with  social game. I was slow on the uptake at first, but it's starting to come  together. [whispering]  i don't want you to go anywhere. I think you're fabulous.  That is music to my ears after my whole alliance is just letting everyone  just make me feel like a fool. And now I feel so good that people actually  want to work with me. And that they actually find me, you know, a joy.  We both agree. I'll get Terry to do it, Kelly to do it, me and you. That's  five. And those people who turned their back on you...  They are going to have...  We will help you.  Can we shake on that?  Terry saw the crack, and he jumped right on it. My old alliance will  definitely regret not coming to me when I needed them the most.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Bayon getting your first look at the new Ta Keo  tribe. Vytas voted out at the first tribal council.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: All right. You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yes.  Yeah.  Yes.  Jeff: For today's challenge both tribes will car race across a series of  a-frames carrying a rope. You will use that rope to pull a heavy crate to the  finish. Two tribe members will then use the pieces inside that crate to solve  the puzzle. First tribe to finish wins immunity, safe from the vote. Losers  go to tribal council where somebody will be the second person voted out of  "second chance." in addition you're playing for reward. Want to know  what you're playing for?  Yes, sir.  Jeff: It is a "Survivor" toolkit, and it is pretty sweet -- hammer,  axe, chisel, saw, bamboo and rope. Plus waiting for you back at camp,  materials that will vastly improve your shelter. This should make sleeping  better and protect you from the rain. Big reward. [applause] Bayon, you have  one extra member. Sitting someone out. Who is it going to be?  Ciera.  Jeff: One more thing. I forgot to grab the idol. Ciera. Second chance for me  to get this right. Once again immunity is back up for grabs. Ciera take a  spot on the sit-out bench. I'll give you a minute to strategize and we'll get  started. Here we go. For immunity and reward, Survivors ready? Go! Got to get  up over that first wall.  Go, guys! Good job, good job. Help each other.  Jeff: Bayon flying over it. Ta Keo taking more time. That's going to leave a  mark when you skid down that Wood. Bayon in the early lead. Second wall,  everybody, let's go.  Go, go.  Jeff: This one's going to take some more work to get up.  Help each other out. Good job, guys.  I got it. I got it.  Come on, come on!  Jeff: Head to that next one, but you got to wait on everybody. A lot of skids  coming up. Varner takes a big fall. Go, Bayon! Go, Ta Keo! This will be the  toughest wall yet. It will require a lot of teamwork. Use that rope if you  need it. There has been a lot of skin left on this Wood. This is why you are  out here, for your second chance at this game. Losing more skin. Definitely  some injuries and some very hard falls. Huge fall. Joe, go. Four people on  the crate. Four people on the crate. The other five to the mat. You got to  tie these ropes together. You'll use the ropes to pull the crate. We're very  even right now. Here we go. Both sides pulling now. Dig!  Pull! Pull! Pull!  Jeff: That crate is very heavy. Spencer, dietz and Varner are stuck. Bayon is  back. Two puzzle makers. Everybody else on the matt.  There you go, there you go. Come on, guys.  Jeff: Ta Keo has a lot of time the make up. It is Kass and Kimmi working the  puzzle for Bayon. There it is, go. Big lead for Kimmi and Kass. Are they on  the right track, is the question? When your puzzle is right, every piece will  connect to the next one.  That's perfect. Kelley when worth and Peih-Gee going to start working on  their puzzle. Can they make up the lost time? Immunity and a big reward on  the line.  Go, go, go!  Jeff: Spencer trying to come in to make a difference. Can he pick up the  pace? Can he close the gap?  We got it.  Jeff: Too much communicate canning cause chaos and confusion. Everybody on Ta  Keo is yelling at Spencer and Peih-Gee. Joe going to come in now for Kimmi.  He thinks he knows what needs to help. Jeremy is coming in for Kass. He's had  time the study it.  Do you want me to come in?  It's now Shirin and Spencer. Shirin taking over, moving pieces around.  No, you can't. Stop it.  Oh, my God, I can't.  Jeff: Panic starting to set in.  God, this is a nightmare.  Jeff: This puzzle only goes together correctly in one way, and when you do,  everything lines up. The design will flow from one piece to the next. If it  doesn't flow, it's wrong.  Yes! Spencer now starting to make some progress with something new. Is he  right?  There you go, there you go.  Jeff: Spencer and Shirin continue the make changes.  Yes, yes, yes! Yes, Spencer, yes!  Jeff: This would be a massive come-from-behind victory for Ta Keo. Joe now  moving pieces. He has an idea where he wants to go with it. Both tribes  moving pieces very quickly trying to get to the finish. The question is are  either of them right this time?  He's still here. He's still here.  Jeff: It is a race to the finish.  Put that there. Put that there.  You got it. You got it.  Yes, yes! [cheering].  Jeff: Ta Keo thinks they have it. That is not right. Bayon thinks they have  it. Bayon is right! Immunity and reward for Bayon sending Ta Keo back the  tribal council.  Byron Bayon!  Bayon!  Jeff: Bayon, congratulations. Immunity again. No tribal council tonight, Bayon.  Nobody going home from this tribe. In addition, pretty decent reward. Come  grab it. Enjoy the night off.  Thank you, Jeff.  Anchor: Ta Keo, all I have is a date with you tonight at tribal where someone  will be the second person voted out of "second chance." grab your  stuff. See you tonight at tribal.  That challenge was a trial. But Spencer and Shirin had their fate in their  own hands. One of those two is going home tonight. How poetic.  Good effort, you guys.  Grueling. Grueling.  You did good.  No worries. Tough break.  Everybody did their part.  Second challenge in and we're already getting our asses kicked. I’m very  happy to have control of the game with Shirin. I relate to Shirin more than  anyone else out here. My old "Survivor" experience of being on the  bottom and suffering and not having anyone I can play with and trust is gone.   Have you done a scrub?  Do it.  I'll let you scrub me.  I'll scrub you if you want.  My whole thing is get rid of the threats as soon as you can. Spencer is a  huge strategic threat. That kid is the smartest young man i've ever met in my  entire life. Shirin is all of that, plus she's emotional. She knows how to  talk to you like your best friend. She's a salesperson. They are two heads on  one snake, so it doesn't matter which one we chop off. Would you vote Shirin  or Spencer?  You know what, I’m going to go where the numbers are. I would have preferred  to vote out Abi, but currently I’m siding with the larger majority, which  seems to be everyone except for Shirin and Spencer. I think they're both a  little bit dangerous, and I don't want to be on the wrong side of the vote.  I'm telling you what, this tribe...  We're a mess.  We are a mess. Oh, Abi's devastated that Shirin didn't stand up for her last  night.  I know.  Terry dietz sat up with her all night long like her father, so she woke up  completely loyal.  Who is good right now, you, Peih-Gee, Woo...  Everybody but Shirin and Spencer. It's over. If you're on board...  I am. Okay, Varner, you're not going to see me talking to her today. I promise  you.  It's very hard for me to think about voting for Shirin or Spencer because  those are my original allies. Unfortunately things shifted over the course of  24 hours, and now I find myself in a different alliance, which I don't  necessarily like, but I have to go with the flow. So Shirin and Spencer are  in deep crap.  Even though we lost the immunity challenge, I feel really great going forward  because we have me, Spencer, Kelly, Jeff Varner, but, you know, I want to  make sure that Abi still feels good. She is always all over the place.  How are you feeling today?  I feel good. I feel good today.  I'm sorry about what happened last night. I’m sorry I didn't stand up for  you.  I wish you had because I’m a loyal person, and when I give my word to an  alliance, it's 100%. I was expecting one of you guys to at least come and  check on me. Who came? Terry. Terry came. He spent two hours with me, two  hours. I’m so sorry. I tried, Shirin. I tried. I tried having your back, but  you know what, with me you're dead. You guys left me there all by myself.  Abi, I gave you my word. I voted with you? What more can I do.  I was crying in front of you. I was made a fool of. Okay. This is really  awkward.  Varner is on board. Kelly is on board.  They want to vote you and Spencer out.  Are we still in this together?  Not my style.  Spencer and I were in the majority that voted out Vytas. We should be riding  high, happy, but somehow some way we've ended up in the minority. We're  screwed.  Okay. Can you explain...  Look, I don't think we have time to mince words here. Varner and Abi are  going to vote with old school.  Right now I’m swinging like a pendulum between frustration and exasperation.  One minute ago I was in a perfectly fine position, and now nothing is nearly  as high a priority as keeping myself safe. I just have to make it a priority  to make it three more days.  I want to talk to you. Here's what happens to you, if it's all old school,  you, they'll keep you around for challenges for now, but you will be at the  bottom, and if you're lucky enough to make the merge, you will be the biggest  threat and you will be picked off as soon as you don't win immunity.  All of a sudden Spencer and Shirin have the audacity to think, you know, like  I’m going to drop my tribe, jump in with them. Hey, I’m sorry, majority  rules. Like I’m in the saying I don't trust you...  You don't know me.  This is the first conversation you're having with me. You're throwing a lot  at me.  I never break my word. I feel sick to my stomach about the fact that I very,  very well may go home. The only option I have is voting for Spencer. I don't  want to vote for Spencer. I will make you any deal you want right now.  It boggles my mind that not one time did you ever pull me aside. Now you come  to me asking me for a vote. I’m just kind of sitting back like, absolutely  not. My situation is getting weaker and bleecker. This was going to be my  second chance. I wanted to have a very different experience, but I’m being  brought hard back to my first experience where everything starts going really  well and then all of a sudden it collapses in front of me. Every single  person other than Shirin and I is in the numbers against us. I mean, Shirin's  been my only solid person, and now I feel like there's no move I can make  other than screwing over the one person I wanted to play with.  Jeff: So, Varner, what is the vibe of the tribe right now?  I think we're all exhausted. I think today really sucked a lot out of us.  That was an intense challenge.  Jeff: Spencer, it's one thing to want the play again, but then you get out  here and you're reminded, oh, yeah, this is an ass-kicker.  Yeah, I think we deal with some kind of amnesia for however many years it's  been since we played the first time. Then we get back here and it's like, oh,  this sucks. It's going to kick your ass.  Jeff: Shirin, it's interesting what Spencer just said. You remember "Survivor"  being awesome until you get back out here.  I don't remember it as being awesome. I had a really rough time first time  around, and I’m starting to have a rough time the second time around.  Jeff: All right?  Yeah, already.  Jeff: Tell me about that.  There was some fighting and some people have lost some trust in me. I think I’m  on the bottom. I hope I can fight my way back into the game.  Jeff: Kelley, what is Shirin referring to?  There was a disagreement between Abi and Peih-Gee, and I think that's what Shirin  is talking about.  Jeff: Abi, what was it about?  I was sitting at the beach and Peih-Gee and Shirin were talking about me. I felt  betrayed in a way because we were all in an alliance. And I am very, very  gracious toward Terry. He was the only one that rescued me when I was feeling  very lonely, when I felt that I was going to be voted out tonight  unanimously.  Jeff: Shirin, that's almost verbatim what you said in your season. You said  it about mike, that he was the only one who rescued me. Abi said it about Terry,  but in this case, she was upset with you.  I agree that I should have been there for her. I should have gone to her  right away and fixed it. I didn't. And the game changes very quickly.  Jeff: Dietz, you're nodding your head.  Yeah, you know, because I was on the bottom a couple days ago, and because of  what happened the other night, it ended up with Abi sitting on the beach, and  she and I just made a connection. You know, it wasn't this hard-core strategy  thing. It was just about building a relationship, and a lot of good things  came out of it.  Jeff: To the point where I don't think I’m on the bottom anymore.  Jeff: Spencer, Shirin says she feels so on the bottom. Is that a consensus  that she might be in trouble?  Yeah. I mean, I don't see any reason to beat around the bush, but I am also  concerned.  Jeff: Why would you be a target tonight?  There are a lot of reason, but one is talking too much about strategy and too  little about getting to know all of these people.  Jeff: Jeff, are Shirin and Spencer right to be concerned? Have you guys  narrowed it down to one of those two going?  Yes.  Jeff: Spencer, that confirms that.  100%. I don't think there's any reason to speak about it in code. It's going  to be one of us going home, but I’m telling you, Wiglesworth, Terry, Peih-Gee,  Jeff, Abi, Woo and Kelly, if I am here tomorrow, this change will happen.  It's not about forming an alliance here, I’m forming an alliance here, it's  about connecting with people. It's about forming relationships that have a  basis, and that's what I’m here to do from here on out, and I mean that.  Jeff: It is amazing, the two people in trouble tonight, Shirin and Spencer,  are having very similar stories to the first time you both played. Spencer,  that was almost the speech you gave your season. I'll just work with anybody  who will give with me, just give me a chance. And Shirin you were in the  middle of controversy about being excluded on one side or the other. What do you  make of that, Shirin? What does that say about second chances and the Ability  to change or the situation that we end up putting ourselves in time after  time after time?  Change is hard. This is a second chance to be able to chip away at it. It  doesn't mean you're going to change overnight. I made some very clear  mistakes. So if I go home tonight, that's on me. I did that. If I don't go  home tonight, if I stay, that's a third chance. That's once-in-a-lifetime.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Wiglesworth, you're up.  I know you're writing my name down, too. I don't have a bad thing to say  about you.  Anchor: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and  you want the play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Spencer. Shirin.  Shirin. Shirin. Three votes Shirin. Spencer. Spencer. That's three votes Spencer,  three votes Shirin. Spencer. That's four votes Spencer, three votes Shirin. Shirin.  We're tied again. Four votes Shirin, four votes Spencer, one vote left.  Second person voted out of "Survivor: Second chance," Shirin. Bring  me your torch.  Wow.  Anchor: Shirin, the tribe has spoken.  I meant every word I said. Thank you, guys.  Jeff: Well, this season offers a second chance to change what didn't work the  first time. But if you don't change, history is destined to repeat itself.  Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," in a season where adapting is  everything...  Being someone who will not change is the death of you.  Jeff: Everyone better be ready to change. Drop your buffs. We are switching  tribes. For two tribes to three tribes.  Oh, my God.  I feel like I really didn't get to seize my second chance. I struggle to  change in a lot of key ways to make this game work for me. I was in a total  fine position and went crazy and blew up my game. I had an awesome opening  act and then killed myself.