<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor," 20 returning players got another  shot at the game they love.  I really messed up my first time, and this time I want to be fearless.  Jeff: At Bayon, their second chance couldn't have started any better.  In paradise.  We got some fish.  I want to have fun out here. I want to do stuff. I just love it out here.  This is great.  Jeff: At Ta Keo...  You were talking about me behind my back.  Jeff: Abi and Peih-Gee continued to fight, leaving Abi all alone.  She's getting laughed at by her people. There's another human being out there  floundering, that's just wrong.  Jeff: At the immunity challenge...  I can't.  Jeff: Ta Keo lost for the second time in a row. Bayon is right, immunity and  reward. Back at camp...  Are we still together?  Jeff: Shirin and Spencer found themselves on the outs.  Everything started going really well, and all of a sudden it collapses in  front of me.  Jeff: At tribal council Spencer promised to change his ways.  This change will happen. It's about forming relationships.  Jeff: In the end, Shirin was sent home. 18 are left. Who will be voted out  tonight? Captioning funded by cbs real quick, I’m so grateful to be  here...you're not going to see me running aroung here with craziness. I wanna  be a strong team. I’m still not the strongest social player out here. I’m completely  on the outs. So I have to change. I’m thrilled to be here for another couple  days. In this season, which is about change, and about second chance of you  as a Survivor player &amp; as a person, the people who have been able to  change have been rewarded. So if I can make the change I know is within me  happen, there's absolutely hope.  I'm just glad she's gone, man.  Any of us makes it to the actual final, that is a feather in your cap as far  as what you did to get rid of one of the most strategic people i've ever met  on "Survivor." I have simply gone from the bottom up to the top  without any fear of getting voted out.  It's perfect. Nobody's alienated. Everybody's good.  The numbers are on our side, and all of a sudden Terry dietz has this social  game. I’m kind of proud of myself, you know? It worked out great. And there's  still Spencer to vote out at the next tribal if we have to go. Boy, I’m on  top of the world right now. Life is good.  Jeff: Come on in, guys.  Tasha always with the smile.  I'm glad to be here, Jeff.  Jeff: Bayon getting the first look at the new Ta Keo tribe.  What's up, you guys?  Jeff: Shirin voted out at the last tribal council. Varner, did getting rid of  Shirin put this tribe in a space where it now feels like, okay, we can work  with this group?  Hell, yeah.  Jeff: Do you agree with this? You're happy with how things are going?  After last night we feel like we got the team unity back. Taking on this  challenge today, we need it for additional team spirit.  Jeff: How are you holding up?  Great. I love this tribe.  Jeff: Wow. It's good to hear that both sides are happy with the way things  are going, which makes it a perfect opportunity to change things up.  Oh, my God.  Oh, my God.  That's insane.  Jeff: Everybody drop your buffs. We're switching tribes.  All right?  Jeff: The thing that makes this switch unique is we are switching from two  tribes to three tribes.  Shut the from the door.  Jeff: Here's how it's going to work. Six of you will end up on the Bayon  camp. Six of you will end up at the Ta Keo camp. And six of you will go to a  new beach where you will have to start from scratch. You'll have the same  supplies you had when you began this game, but you will have to build a new  shelter.  Oh, come on.  Jeff: So, Savage, what is happening emotionally right now for you?  I'm scared. I’m scared. There's so much love on this tribe. I don't know  anybody over. There so I don't know how this is going to play out, but it  scares the cap out of me.  When Jeff said it was a swap, my heart stopped. I haven't had the best luck  on "Survivor" in terms of swaps and twists. I have the same kind of  haunting fear I had 12 years ago. I don't want to swap.  Jeff: Shall we get to the draw?  Yeah.  Oh, dear.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Here's your fate right here.  Purple.  Jeff: Jeremy going to close his eyes. Varner doesn't want to look. Nobody  wants to look. All right, everybody reveal.  Hell, yeah. Hell, yeah.  I can't believe it.  Jeff: If you're on Bayon, move over to the Bayon matt.  I can't wait to see this camp.  Jeff: If you're Ta Keo, move to the Ta Keo map. And if you have yellow,  you're right in the center.  We have a lot of work to do.  Jeff: All right. So we have our three tribes. Bayon, so four of the original Bayon  members are still together. Monica, Jeremy, Fishbach and Kimmi. And Wiglesworth  and Spencer from Ta Keo join them. The new Ta Keo tribe, four members from  the Bayon tribe, Keith, Kass, Joe and Ciera now join dietz and wentworth.  It's a dangerous game going into a mix-up, but looking at the tribes as a  whole, our girls are stronger. Our guys are stronger. We're in a really,  really good spot to take control of this game.  Jeff: In the middle, your tribe name, angor. The new angor has four people  from the old Ta Keo tribe, lou, Varner, Peih-Gee and Abi. They're joined by Tasha  and Savage. Savage, you were pretty honest in saying you were scared. Now you  end up on a tribe that has to start over. How are you feeling right now?  Overwhelmed. If they go by tribal lines, I’m in serious trouble, and we have  a couple days of unbelievably hard work ahead of us. I got to tell you, it's  devastating.  Jeff: All right. Bayon, angor, Ta Keo, grab your stuff, head back to camp.  I needed some way to get out of the situation where I was pinned on the  bottom, and now it's like "Survivor" Gods have looked at me and  said, Spencer, you do deserve a second chance, here's where you were. Where  are you now?  Hey, Tasha.  We have no food.  We have nothing.  Oh, man.  Nothing. No bamboo.  That's really bumming me out.  Let's check our little boat.  That dude is going to to get a lot of --  dude, let's be smart. Let's stay with our four. Get these guys out of here.  Please, please. Nothing crazy. Don't do anything stupid.  No, no. No.  It's hard having to start over. Not one shred of food, no building materials,  but it could be worse. I could be in the minority over here. So it is a  luxury. That's the only luxury. The only luxury we have in this new tribe is  that we've got two people ahead of you in line to be voted off. Where did  those two run off to?  I'm not sure.  Okay. Here's what I think, hopefully a couple of them are on the outs. Let's  promise them we come back together and merge, we can all play together. I am  in the minority on this new tribe. But if anyone could survive this, I can.  What I learned the first time I played was I’m strong in heart. I’m here to  win this game. And I’m going to play the cards that I’m dealt.  Anything down that way?  Well is all the way down on the point.  Terry. Nice the meet you, buddy. I know Kelly. Good to see you again.  Hey, Joe. How are you?  Hi.  We going to run the table or what?  Oh, my God, we cannot lose anything.  Looking at new tribe, we have three or four number-one draft choices. I couldn't  believe the luck. It's sick. We have to bring the chickens in and the rice. I  know I’m with Kelly. There's. Two we have a working relationship. We don't  have the numbers, but I don't think we're going the need the numbers. A  little bit of confidence in there that I don't know if we're going to lose a  challenge.  You guys dying?  We'll get the fire up and have a little chicken for dinner.  Thanks for welcoming us, guys.  Yeah.  Thank you.  Oh, my gosh. Chicken rice. Perfect.  That's nice.  It is nice.  It's a good group. We got real lucky with this one. We scored.  I think we're fine. It makes me less assured a little bit. Now we can win. We  have two strong people, Terry and Kelly. Kelly is super strong.  I feel like I came out so well in this swap. Have Kass, me, Joe and Keith,  all four of us from Bayon.  This is a great tribe.  As long as us four stick tight, we have numbers, and we should be just fine.  How you feeling?  I'm good.  Feeling good in.  Uh-huh. What about you?  We're pretty good. Do you like Terry? Is he a gad dude?  Yeah. He's good. We were working together before. So if our tribe loses,  dietz or myself will be on the chopping block. I just have a feeling that the  four are going to stick together for the numbers.  Do you think Terry could have an idol?  All I know is he and Spencer were the two looking for it the most. Terry  would go off for hours. The idol is still in my bag, but I’m pushing Terry  under the bus, just like kicking him under. There go under that bus, Terry.  Go, go.  So how does this compare the your guys beach?  This is so nice. It's wider.  Our beach, we have a lot more tree cover.  Well, welcome home, guys.  Thank you.  Here at the new Bayon, we have Jeremy, Kimmi, Stephen and myself. And we are  in the majority as the original Bayon members. We also have Spencer and he's  in the minority.  I couldn't have asked for anything better.  I love this new tribe. It's so liberating not to be in camp macho anymore. I was  in the bottom of our tribe. Then we swapped and for the first time ever I know  I’m safe, so I couldn't be happier.  I'm trying to cut it in half. I just have no idea how to do that. And my  machete skills are terrible.  I'm someone who has played pretty logically in the past, but i've failed when  it comes to understanding emotions of people, and that's been a huge flaw.  And so I’m trying something new on this tribe. I’m trying to have feelings.  When my current girlfriend started saying, like I love you, like I didn't say  it back.  Really?  I didn't want to...  No, that's good. You're not supposed to.  She still, like feels like...  You haven't said it yet?  No.  Oh, snap. Wow.  I know. It's like... I’m not that easily emotional, with anyone. I still have  that...  Guarded.  I'm trying to approach this game in a way that I can form bonds that will  actually be helpful, and that will carry me further, so when I tell Jeremy  about something really honest, which is my concerns about, you know, me and  my girlfriend, and when I ask him and really truly care about what he says, I  want to get to know him because it's something I haven't taken the time to do  before, and it might just make the difference in my game.  You think I’m handling that wrong.  No, because when you do say it, it's going to mean so much more. I think  you're looking at it...  Thinking about it too much?  Yeah, you know.  I'm sure I’m thinking about it too much.  When Spencer joined up, he needed to talk to me. It's good to sit down and  talk. He's a stand-up guy, someone you can really connect with and trust.  He's funny and I’m big on the kid. He's all right. I love val. Going through  "Survivor" last year with her, it multiplied it by like ten. I think  we could definitely have a bond. I’m not sure how long we'll keep him, but we  can use him for right now. I'll take that. When you see her, I think that  will open your eyes a little bit. Wow, like I really misus her.  That would be a powerful thing for me if I got that clarity.  That would be cool.  I hate this place.  The first time I played "Survivor," I was on one of the most  horrible tribes in "Survivor" history. I've within here before. I know  what it's like not to have food. I know what it's like not to have shelter. I  know what it's like to fight to stay in this game, so this, this is just  round two for me.  You are totally dry. How is that possible?  I'm in the dry.  Your dress is dry.  My dress is not dry.  You got the good spot in the middle.  You want to switch.  No, no, no.  No, it's awesome. I’m glad.  I'm not dry.  Abi has a little bit of resentment against Peih-Gee for something. That works  in my favor. There's still time left in the day the strategize and converse,  and I’m going to use every minute of it.  So tell me a little bit about your guys tribe dynamic.  As a group it was real harmonious, and we're golden. We're golden. But the  point is when we come back together, I can guarantee uct coating can join us.   My old members from Ta Keo want Ta Keo strong, but Peih-Gee and I had some  issues back at Ta Keo, and Tasha sort of whispered some sweet nothings in my  ear.  It's just something to think about. If you and someone else...  This is my second chance. I want to go to the end, so I really, really don't  know what to do.  I want to make the jury. I didn't make the jury first time. I made it right  there at it and went home.  You could be. There that's all I’m saying.  Okay. Talk to me a little bit more.  Both tribes have four of our, two of yours. If they lose, they're going home.  And we come to a merge. You're going to need us. Like you will need us.  Savage and Tasha want me to come and join them. They will get me to the jury.  Isn't that a lovely invitation. If you want to do this, we can totally do  this.  It's just something to think about.  I want to say, hey, you, you, you're on the bottom. Those two we could get  rid of like that.  I'm in a tough spot. You four are tight.  I'm always open.  I don't know if they're making deals. They're running up the beach and  talking to everybody. I want to make sure they're not taking away Abi and  maria and Peih-Gee, because there's a lot that could go wrong.  Watch out, watch out, watch out. Watch out, watch out, watch out. Hold on,  hold on. Get him out. Watch out, watch out, watch out. Move, move, move.  That was awesome.  Spencer and Wiglesworth, they're both cozying up to us because it's 4-2 right  now. So we have an unbeatable advantage, but the idol is somewhere on this  island, and it could destroy everything.  I hate there are idols out there.  I don't have any idea where it is.  You know, not only is it a great tool for myself to have, but it's a real  symbol that bonds an alliance together.  Wouldn't it be great if we found this idol for our alliance. That would be so  strong. It would make us strong. I would be in a power position on a strong  tribe with people I trust and people I like. So one of us needs to find that  idol.  This looks like the kind of place it would be.  I know.  I don't see anything in here, but we have to keep looking, constantly.  I'm so frustrated looking for that thing. It's in the here. You know what I mean?  Is it on the ground? Is it in a tree? Is it high up? Is it in the water? Like  I don't know nothing. It could be anywhere. But this is my second chance, and  I feel like I have to work harder this time.  The idol has to be somewhere noticeable. It's got to be some crazy tree or  jagged rock that's just obvious, but so far it's not obvious to me. But, you  know, got to keep looking.  There was a little tree full of leaves, and I started digging in it, and the  thing just popped out. I was so pumped. Congratulations you have found a clue  to the hidden immunity idol. In the middle of your next immunity challenge,  on the back of a third box is my hidden immunity idol. Finally, two seasons  it takes, and I finally find something, but is it an idol? No, it's not an  idol, it's a clue to an idol that I have to grab when 18 people are playing  around me. I’m going to make it work. We're going to get. This I’m going to  bring this thing home.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. Shall we get to your first immunity idol  as three tribes?  Yes, sir.  Jeff: First things first. Monica, I’m take that back. Once again immunity is  back up for grabs along with a second idol. Here's how it's going to work: For  today's challenge, each tribe will push a cart through an obstacle course. At  each tower, you receive a key. You'll use that key to unlock a chest. Put the  chest on the cart and continue on. Once you've collected all three chests,  you must then disassemble the cart, slide it through a barricade, put it back  together and make your way to the end where two tribe members will use the  pieces inside the chest to assemble a giant dragon puzzle. First two tribes  to finish win immunity, safe from the vote. Losers go to tribal council where  somebody will be the third person voted out of "second chance."  this was the very first challenge of brains versus brawn versus beauty. Spencer,  Tasha, Kass all participated on the same brain tribe, a miserable  performance. They lost, went to tribal council. So because each of you are on  a different tribe right now, this second chance will offer redemption for two  of you, and for one of you history will repeat itself. Big stakes. Take a  minute to strategize and we'll get started. All right. Here we go. For  immunity, Survivors ready? Go! All three tribes fast out of the gate. You're  trying to get that key. Spencer has the key for Bayon. Woo working on that  key for Angkor. He's got it. Kelly has the key for Ta Keo. Unlock that chest  and get it on the cart. Can't move forward until you have your chest on your  cart. Ta Keo first out of the gate. Bayon has theirs. Angkor right behind. Kelly  has the second key for Ta Keo. Spencer struggling, trying to get that second  key.  Take your time, spence, take your time.  Jeff: Will has the second key for Angkor. Spencer finally has the key for Bayon.  Kelly has the third key for Ta Keo. Bayon has their second chest. Angkor has  their second chest. Ta Keo has all three chests. Head out. Here goes blue.  Here goes Spencer looking for those third keys.  Watch the wheels. Watch the wheels.  Jeremy?  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Kimmi.  Go, go, go.  Jeff: Spencer has the third key for Bayon. Jeremy working on the lock now.  Will has the third key for Angkor. Bayon has their third chest. Angkor has  their third chest. Head out.  Go, go, go. Go, go, go.  Jeff: Everybody has to take their cart apart now. People have to go over,  pieces have to go through. A lot of strategy coming into play in how you get  these pieces through. Ta Keo is still in the lead. Bayon right behind. Angkor  still in last. Once everything is through, you reassemble the cart. Got to  keep moving.  Hey, guys.  Pull it!  Jeff: It's a race to get these put back together. Ta Keo getting their cart  back together. You have to have all three chests on your cart before you can  head out. Go, Ta Keo. Very difficult set of obstacles. Do you run over them?  Do you clear them out of the way in what do you do? Bayon has their three  chests on. Angkor has all three chests on their cart, start working on it.  There goes Ta Keo. Ta Keo is losing a lot of time to move those obstacles. It  paid off. Ta Keo made quick work of that obstacle. It is now Bayon and Angkor  fighting for second place.  Come on!  Jeff: Angkor digging deep right now. Ta Keo back with their third chest.  Start working on the puzzle. Joe and Kass working on the puzzle for Ta Keo. Angkor  is at the finish. Bayon is at the finish. Got to get your chest out here  before you can start working on the puzzle. Joe and Kass with a nice big  lead. Angkor with their third chest. Bayon with their third chest. Puzzle  makers go to work. Everybody else on the matt. It is Peih-Gee and Tasha, Monica  and Spencer, Joe and Kass have the first section completed. Big lead for Ta  Keo. Spencer and opinion ca -- Monica struggling. Tasha did this puzzle for  her tribe the first time she played. Monica and spence still working on that  first section. There it is. Move on.  Good job.  Jeff: Joe and Kass have one side of the second section complete. So a huge  lead for Ta Keo as they work on that second side. Jeremy coming in for Monica  now. It is now Jeremy and Spencer. Here comes a swap for Tasha. Joe and Tasha  finish the second section. Moving on to the third section of the puzzle. Jeremy  has picked it up for Bayon. It is now Ta Keo, Bayon and Angkor in that order.  Angkor has a lot of time to make up. Kass and Joe working together really  well. This is all but over for Ta Keo. One piece left. Ta Keo has it! Ta Keo  wins immunity. We're looking for one more. It is Bayon or Angkor. Who is  going back the camp and who is going to tribal council?  Not us.  Jeff: That's it. Bayon is done with their second section. They can move on to  their third and final puzzle pieces. Woo has it. Second section completed. Bayon  new working on their third section. Angkor working on their third section. Angkor  is back in this. You can see the panic in Spencer. Bayon down the five  pieces. Angkor at ten pieces.  Peih-Gee's got the other one in her hand.  Jeff: quickly. Can they do it? Jeremy with another piece. Will with another  piece. Make it eight. Jeremy with another piece for Bayon. They're down to  two. Bayon very close. One piece left.  The red should be at the bottom.  Jeff: That's it! Bayon wins immunity, safe from the vote.  Good job, good job.  Jeff: Sending Angkor to tribal council where somebody will be the third  person voted out of "second chance."  nice job, you guys.  We got a rat. We got a rat.  Jeff: Ta Keo, redemption for Kass. No tribal council. Nobody going home.  Redemption for Kass.  Jeff: Bayon, redemption for Spencer. Nobody going home from the Bayon tribe.  No redemption for Tasha.  That's okay. It's all good.  Jeff: Talk to me about what was happening at the end of the challenge. A lot  of chatter back and forth. Varner, what was happening?  I looked at wiggles and Tasha jumped become and said, "we got a rat, we  got a rat."  Jeff, we're trying to bond. That doesn't send a good message.  I made a deal with you and to turned right around and made a deal with her.  Jeff, you're wrong.  Are we still an alliance?  Yes, yes.  Why didn't you make a deal with me?  Jeff: So, Woo, you're frustrated?  It's no surprise I get the last word at the very last second. Disappointed  again.  Jeff: Ta Keo, Bayon, grab your stuff. Angkor, sometimes it's all how you look  at it. This could be the beginning of a great underdog story, but in order to  be an underdog, you have to hit rock bottom, and it looks like the beginning  of that. Grab your stuff, head back to camp.  Tasha called me a rat. I shouldn't have done that. I’m in the middle of a big  ole mess and I have to figure out a way to get out of it.  This morning I thought guaranteed I’m going home, but Varner's meltdown after  the challenge, I think painted a huge target on his back.  Good effort, everybody.  Everyone on this tribe looked at him like, oh, my gosh, you can't be trusted.   He's lied before.  I was like a little kid inside just giddy. I couldn't believe he just handed  me ammunition on a silver platter.  Peih-Gee, if you take me out of the physical part of these challenge, it's  not going to get easier. Jeff's not pulling his weight at camp. He's sleeping  all day. He starts scrambling, he's calling people out.  I noticed that.  What I would ask is that you guys trust me and that we vote him. What do you  guys think?  Well, Peih-Gee, you want to have a talk, just you and I for a second?  Yeah. I think you made a really good case. Good lawyer.  Thanks.  He makes a good point. If we vote off Tasha or Savage, we're going to have  many more challenges to come.  I know.  Varner, we're still in the majority.  It doesn't make sense to join up with Savage and Tasha. Are they going to be  loyal? I don't know. You have to take everything desperate people say with a  grain of salt.  Exactly.  After I saw how unpredictable Varner is, I think he needs to go next. But Woo  did vote for me, and he detests me, too. I don't know how much I can trust  her.  What are you thinking?  What are you guys thinking. You've been talking to everybody. &gt;&gt;they  want us to vote out Jeff?  Is that what you want to do.  We're thinking about it.  Well, you have to make up your mind.  What do you think about voting these guys.  I know that I’m on the bottom with you guys and I’m in the on the bottom with  them. So I’m going to vote with them. I already made up my mind. So it's up  to you what you want to do.  We were tight since we've gotten here. I thought we were cool.  We're talking about us. We're talking about who is going to be going home  tonight. This is a conversation that doesn't need to happen right now, Peih-Gee.   First of all, where did all this animosity come from? She's like, I’m not  with you and Woo. I know I’m on the bottom with you guys. I’m voting with  them. That's how I’m voting. That made up my mind, I wanted her gone.  I don't like how she's talking to me. I want to vote her out.  She's stronger than Jeff. She is.  I'm not going to vote you guys out, but...  Yeah.  I'm look at Tasha. She's looking at me stunned.  I don't like how she's talking to me.  It's so easy. It's so easy to create suspicion or misdirection between Peih-Gee  and Abi. Peih-Gee wants to vote Abi. So you and tash vote Peih-Gee. I can't  believe how quickly everything changed on this tribe.  I came back to this camp thinking I was done, but if I can take this cloud  that's over me right now and sling it over somebody else, I’m going to do it.   That it?  Yeah.  This makes sense to me.  That's it. I appreciate you and Woo. I like you guys so much, I want to work  with you guys.  Options are opening up. Peih-Gee will be voting Abi, and Abi will be voting Peih-Gee.  The thing about Abi is you don't know what you're going to get, and Peih-Gee,  she's indecisive. So it's hard. It's a tough decision, but it feels fantastic  to have the tables turned. Savage and I were down 4-2. All hope seemed loves.  But here we are making the decisions on who will go home tonight.  Jeff: Savage and tashback grab a torch. Dip it in and get fire. As part of  the ritual as tribal council, because fire represents your life. When your  fire is gone, so are you. So Savage, let's start by going back to the switch.  First reaction was what?  I couldn't process it. It was too much in terms of the massive amount of work  to get just reasonable shelter, reasonable camp, and then to see that there's  two Bayons and four Ta Keos, tough to process.  Jeff: So Peih-Gee, is it a fair assumption to say Savage and Tasha would probably  be in trouble simply based on history.  That's how it works. When you're in a swap and you're in the minority from  the original tribe, you're in trouble.  Jeff: Now let's fast forward to today's challenge where a meltdown occurred.  Hi.  Jeff: Jeff, what was happening there?  I was sending a signal to someone on the other tribe I care about, and Tasha  just jumps out of nowhere and calls me a rat, and I wasn't being a rat. I didn't  feel like I was being a rat. And that just hit me. I've had no sleep. I've  had in food. I’m emotional. And honestly, I don't remember it. It was an  emotional meltdown that I don't recall.  Jeff: Tasha, I have a feeling you remember it.  I do. And, Jeff, my mama always told me, keep your family business at home.  You know, whatever issues we had, we should have kept it amongst the family.  All I know is that there was communication when our family's right here. So  my initial thought was, take 'em out now so that we don't have to worry about  loyalty later on.  Jeff: So, Jeff, you think you are going home?  People can overcome all kinds of things. Wouldn't bit great if I could escape  without one vote?  Jeff: Is there a plan? Who should go home?  I've heard so many names thrown around, I have no idea who is going home.  Jeff: Whose name have you heard thrown around?  I've heard Abi's name thrown around. I've heard Peih-Gee's name thrown  around. I've heard my name thrown around. So I guess Savage and Tasha have  found their way from the bottom of the heap to the top.  Jeff: To the top?  Yes. I think all the choices and decisions of what happens here tonight come  from the two of them.  Jeff: So Abi, if he's telling the truth, the four of you, Peih-Gee, yourself,  Varner and Woo are not all together, which is the crash Savage would need.  Right, and I have a strong feeling I may be going home tonight.  Jeff: Based on what?  Based on conversations around camp I wasn't part of. I’m not that naive.  Jeff: Peih-Gee, if it's you, is there anything you can say to sway them?  This game is crazy. I want to be with people I feel solid with and I trust.  You all can trust me. If I gave you my word. I’m good with it. I’m steady. I’m  loyal.  Jeff: Pretty good pitch, Abi. What's yours?  Mine is pretty similar to hers. I've been working around camp, and i've been  working really hard and having strong. My level of commitment is huge because  I am a committal person.  Jeff: So, Jeff, now you've heard all the feedback. What's happening tonight?  I said it earlier. I have no idea, but I believe what I said. Savage and Tasha  are in control of tonight's vote.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Peih-Gee, you're up.  I've wanted you out since day one. Hopefully it will work this time.  You talk way too much. You can shut your mouth, take a chill pill, girl.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want the play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Abi. Peih-Gee.  Abi. Peih-Gee. We're tied. Two votes Abi, two votes Peih-Gee. Peih-Gee.  That's three votes Peih-Gee, two votes Abi, one vote left. Third person voted  out of "Survivor" second chance, Peih-Gee. You need to bring me  your torch.  Well played, guys. Woo, good luck.  Jeff: Peih-Gee, the tribe has spoken. Well, one of the keys the lasting in  this game is you have to be able to adapt on a dime in any situation. If you  don't, you're gone. Grab your torches, head back to camp, good night.  Captioning funded by cbs captioned by media access group at wgbh  access.wgbh.org stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," Angkor is in misery.  We survive a night in this hellhole, no resources, no shelter, nothing. This  is a dead cove. We're in hell right now.  Jeff: But they're not the only ones who are suffering.  Watch out!  They got me good. I guess I got blind sided. I feel really disappointed in Tasha  and Savage because I trusted them. Obviously it was misplaced. I wasn't  expecting. This I thought I was going to go a lot further. But, you know  what, if they want to throw their lot in with Abi, good luck to them. She's a  handful.