<br/>"Survivor," after a  surprise switch, drop your buff, "Survivor" second chance went from  two tribes to three tribes. The new Ta Keo tried was building confidence.  We have four number-one draft picks.  Jeff: The new Bayon tribe was building relationships.  I'm trying something new. I’m trying to have feelings.  Jeff: While the new andara tribe had two in the minority.  When we come back together, you can join up.  My old members want to be Ta Keo strong. Tasha is whispering sweet nothings  in my ear.  Jeff: At the immunity idol, Jeremy secretly found an idol. Ankor went the  tribal council.  I made a deal with you and he made a deal with her.  I'm in the middle of a big ole mess. I shouldn't have done that.  Jeff: Facing tribal council, the former Ta Keo couldn't get along.  I know I’m on the bottom with you guys, so I’m going to vote with them.  Jeff: So Tasha and Savage used it to their advantage.  You vote Tasha and i'll vote Peih-Gee.  We were down.  Jeff: At tribal council, Woo voted for Abi again. Third person voted out of  "Survivor" second chance. But it was Peih-Gee who was sent home.  Good luck.  Jeff: The tribe has spoken. 17 are left. Who will be voted out tonight.  Captioning funded by cbs and ford. We go further, so you can.  I can't believe I’m here. I dodged a bullet. I came back from that challenge  thinking I was gone. But I did not get one single vote.  Thank you. I’m grateful. I just want you guys to know I’m loyal. I've always  been loyal to Abi. I want you guys to tell me what I need to do to move  myself to you.  I am endebted to these people now, which makes me sick. I have to kiss their  asses, but this is my second chance. I’m going to do what I have to do.  Honestly, Peih-Gee should not have gone home. But the challenge was the worst  thing ever. He's a sneak. It should have been him.  I'm feeling great because I came in here bottom two. And I initially thought  that it would be either Savage of myself going home. But now we're in  control.  He's the source of all the contention and all the problems.  I agree.  So I’m just saying, you are not going anywhere. You're not.  Tasha, I’m really uncomfortable with what just happened.  We'll talk about it.  I don't want to talk about it. I have a problem when you take someone that  just voted me aside and have a conversation.  Abi, I didn't lie to you. I didn't blind side you. I had your back. So what's  the beef?  Aligning with Abi does make me a little nervous because she has deep-rooted  insecurities. She has some paranoia, which makes her completely  unpredictable.  We've been scheming on getting me out a long time ago. It bothers me to get  these votes at tribal, especially when you're coming from a tribe like Ta Keo  where everyone is plotting to get you out. For me it's starting to come off  as personal. I feel great that I am in the majority, but I have my ears open,  and Woo has voted for me twice. And if the decision was up to me, he's going  to be the next one going home.  In the last immunity challenge, I found the hidden immunity I doll. I got it,  and I’m like, I’m so happy. It took two years to get this thing, but I finally  got my idol. It's a thing of beauty. It's a thing of beauty. I love it. I love  it.  Any luck with the idol?  No. I think about mike last season in the tree. I want the climb a tree and  look, you know what I mean?  I hear you, but how would you even know what tree top it could be in?  This is my idol. I’m not telling anybody. So I told steven that we got to  really look for this thing because I don't need him to think that I have it.  What we can do is we can start here. You go that way, i'll go that way, and  we'll just hit it hard. We got to find this thing. It's out here. It's out  here. I want steven to think that I’m still looking for it and it's for us. I  want the keep pulling him close. I know they're going to come after me at  some point, and I want him to be the one to say, listen, they're coming after  you, and I got my get out of jail free card. I would love to be friends with  steve for life after this. I'll give him second place, if you're happy with  that. I’m in the happy with second place.  We survived the night in this hellhole. Pretty good, right? This is a dead  cove.  I know. This is dead.  Our new camp, no resource, no shelter, nothing.  Wish me luck.  I'm gutted. I started out with the shangri-la. I was top dog with an  abundance of seafood. Now I am in literally a "Survivor" ghetto.  There's nothing here.  Welcome back.  I wish I had better news. This is really, really difficult. It's not like  we're kicking back and just having someone feed us and we're sleeping in hammocks.  I mean, we are in hell right now.  You all hungry?  Starving. Why? What is it?  Just another day at the beach. Getting wet and stomping about. Who will win  is up in the air, some will feast and some will pout.  Feast.  A rechallenge, which is great, because I’m starting to feel like I’m kind of  withering away. So I’m really excited, but I just don't know how much we have  in our tank to actually pull this off.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Bayon, Ta Keo getting your first look at the new Angkor  tribe. Peih-Gee voted out the last tribal council. All right. You guys ready  to get to today's reward challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: For today's challenge you're going to race out in the water, retrieve a  sandbag and race back. You'll then use a plank to launch that bag into your  net. First two to get all three of their bags in the net wins reward. Want to  know what you're playing for?  Yes.  Jeff: First to finish, "Survivor" barbecue set. Grill, wok,  sausages, veggies, make for a very fun night. Second to finish, smaller but  just as fun. Last to finish, nothing. Worth playing for?  Worth playing for.  Jeff: Here's the twist. Each tribe will select one person to run the entire  challenge. This is a hero challenge. You're going to put all your eggs in one  basket. Angkor, who's it going to be? Who are you going to put up?  I'll do it.  Jeff: Savage going to run it for Angkor. Bayon, who are you going to put up?  You want to do it, Jeremy?  Yeah, i'll do it.  Jeff: Jeremy going to run for Bayon. What's going to run it for Ta Keo? Dietz  going to run. We have Savage versus Jeremy versus dietz. Everybody else take  a spot on your mats. We'll get started. All right. Here we go. For reward, Survivors  ready? Go!  Come on, Jeremy. Let's go, Jeremy.  Dietz, dietz!  Jeff: A lot tougher than you think to run through that water. Got to get the  first bag and head back. Jeremy has his, Savage has his, everybody heading  back. All three guys trying to conserve some energy. You're going to need it  for that plank.  Take it easy.  Jeff: Dietz and Jeremy back first. Here comes Savage. Now you've got to  launch it using your plank. Get it up in the air and drop it in that net. It  is adjustable. This will take some experimenting. Dietz scores his first one.  Dietz heads back out for Ta Keo. Jeremy just short for Bayon. Savage going to  give it a go.  You got it, Savage.  Jeff: Savage long. Dietz now opening up a lead for Ta Keo. Jeremy going to  try it again. Here goes Jeremy and Savage. Jeremy scores. Heading out for Bayon.   You got this, Jeremy.  Jeff: Savage misses. Going to have to try it again. Savage with another go. Savage  scores. Savage heading out now.  Come on, Andrew! You got it.  Jeff: Everybody now looking for that second back. Dietz with the lead has  his.  You got it, dietz. Slow and steady, bud.  Jeff: Only ten days into this game, already you can see the wear and tear,  getting no sleep, very little food. Dietz now high-stepping it back. Jeremy  making his way back. Savage has his second back.  Go, Jeremy.  Jeff: Dietz now with a big lead for Ta Keo. Can he capitalize on it?  There you go, baby?  Jeff: Way long. That's how quickly you can forget what you did the first  time. Jeremy now back with his setting bag. Savage still in the water.  Savage, you're in it. You're in it.  Jeff: Jeremy short.  Almost.  Jeff: Dietz big and long. Savage is back in it now. We're all tied up one bag  each.  Don't look. Just do your thing.  Jeff: Savage connects on his first launch. Savage now in the lead for Angkor.   Let's go, Savage!  Go, Savage!  Jeff: Dietz launches. Dietz hits his second bag. He's heading out. Jeremy  trying to stick that second bag, and he does. Jeremy can head out looking for  that third and final bag. Everybody's in the water now. Jeremy trying to make  up some time, high-stepping it. Savage has his third bag. He's heading back.  Come on, Savage!  Jeff: This would be a very different story for Angkor to win here comes dietz  now, starting to pick up the pace, gaining on Savage.  Come on, Jeremy!  Jeff: Both guys digging deep. But, no, one time. It is dietz and Savage right  now for the win.  For the win, bud.  Jeff: Dietz launch, misses. Savage can win it right here.  You got it, man. You got it.  Savage!  Jeff: And he does! Angkor wins reward. Looking for second place. Dietz, Jeremy  still in it. Life just changed at Angkor. Savage struggling.  Thank you so much. Thank you so much.  Jeff: For second place and reward, dietz, Jeremy with a shot at it right  here.  You got this, Jeremy. Jeremy way long.  Jeremy, it's okay.  It's okay. You got it. You got it.  Come on, Jeremy.  Jeff: Dietz launches and scores. Ta Keo wins reward. Nothing for the Bayon  tribe. Angkor, how big is this victory?  We haven't really eaten in four days, and Andrew did that just on pure love  for this tribe.  Jeff: Angkor, nice reward. Everything you need to have a great barbecue back  at camp, grab your stuff, enjoy your campfire.  Good job, guys. Good job, Andrew.  Jeff: Ta Keo, not a full barbecue set, but it's in the bad. Come grab your  reward. Head back to camp. Bayon, got nothing for you. Grab your stuff, head  back to camp.  Part of my demons, i've never stopped thinking, did I carry my weight, did I do  enough to get us over the hump. And today I gave it everything I had and we  won. So vindication for me? Absolutely.  Oh, my God, we're going to eat. God bless Savage. You're freaking legend.  Thank you, Savage.  You're legend, brother.  Not eating really for four days, you get at wit's end, so when Jeff said Angkor  win, I almost dropped to my knees. That's one of the best moments in "Survivor"  I ever had.  I can't believe I’m about to sit down and dine with you guys.  This is like major motivation for us.  They put a million pounds of faith in me, because this is everything when  you're starving, and I was able to deliver.  I have grease running down my fingers.  We're so winning immunity.  This little tribe, now they know we can compete against all those big horses  on the other tribes, and that's huge. That's a game changer, because now I think  we can fire on all cylinders and just not go to tribal. Angkor!  I think if you lost "Survivor" your first time out, you need to do  something differently. I made a big mistake last time. Strategically I think  I played a great game. Socially I didn't. Pretty much everyone thought I was  going to come in here and be a little turd and cause them problems, and  probably I was at the top of the list of everyone to get out, and I really  took that to heart. So I read the book "how the win friends and  influence people." it says act as sincere as you can, sympathize with  people. I know this is bizarre for people to see chaos Kass out here applying  self-help methods, but I knew I needed to look at my game play and what I needed  to do.  Wake up. I see Kass over by the tree, and she's using the machete to cut things.  I’m like, what is this woman doing. I don't trust her. She nicknamed chaos Kass.  Hello. That's her whole thing to, do something sneaky, making a fake immunity  idol. Then I see her out on the beach. She's like, get away, get away. So I know  she has stuff up her sleeve. She's chaos Kass. Come on.  Happy belated birthday. A little piece of Bayon. A little good luck charm.  Thank you.  Cute.  I thought you were making fake idols.  I thawing everybody would think that, I was going to trump them all. It's a birthday  present good luck charm for today.  Thank you, Kass. Very cute. Thank you.  I think the winner of "second chance" will be someone who truly  embraces evolution and change, and for me that's being this more open person.   Oh ye of little faith, as if I have the skills to make an idol.  So what's the deal, Spencer, with you?  Like strategically you mean?  She voted against me.  Yeah?  You were next to go?  I was next to go. The facts are four Bayon and two former Ta Keo, so I know  immediately that Wiglesworth and I are in some degree of trouble, which puts  me in a position of having to throw Wiglesworth under the bus.  Would you get rid of Kelly?  Yeah. There are people over there who own her vote?  Terry, Woo, Varner. I need to make it clear to my tribe that there are people  Wiglesworth will run back to in the future. Wiglesworth does have a tight  bond with like Terry and Woo.  Yes, she has Terry, Woo.  Even wentworth, right, is good with...  She's good with all of them.  Spencer says that Kelly Wiglesworth has a ton of people that are in her  alliance, but I don't think he's being completely truthful.  I don't know if she is, if she is genuine...  He's a little bit sneaky, so my first gut reaction was, as women, we should  be strong, we should stick together, not only to keep the girl count up in  the hopes of maybe doing a girls alliance, but also to keep the boys count  down.  She's someone I will always have trouble trusting.  This is all stuff we've been thinking about. So once a challenge is lost, Spencer  needs to go first.  I'm 100% with it.  Me too. I love it.  Boom.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to today's immunity  challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: First things first, I will take back the idols. Kass. Kimmi. Once again  immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, one tribe member will  be your caller. The rest of the tribe will be blindfolded. Using only verbal  commands, the caller will direct the blindfolded tribe members to collect a  series of very large and very heavy puzzle pieces. Once you have all the  puzzle pieces, take off your blind folds and work together to solve the  puzzle. First two tribes to finish win immunity. Safe from the vote. Losers,  tribal council where somebody will be the fourth person voted out of second chance.  Bayon, you have one extra member. Sitting someone out. Who is it going to be?  Monica going to sit out. Ta Keo one extra member. Who is it going to be?  Ciera.  Jeff: Everybody else take a minute to strategize and we'll get started. All  right. We have our caller. It is Jeff for Angkor, Kimmi for Bayon, Kass for Ta  Keo. Here we go. For immunity, Survivors ready?  You're going to the rim.  Jeff: It's all about communication.  Turn around.  Louder, Kimmi, I can't hear you.  Jeff: The tribe who communicates together the best will succeed.  Turn, Terry, turn to your right. No, not that one.  To the left. Behind you, Andrew, behind you. There you go.  Jeff: There are 16 puzzle pieces out here. That is a lot. They are all heavy  and unwielded. Very hard for one person to carry one alone.  To your right. To your right.  Jeff: Bayon back with their first piece. Angkor back with their first piece.  Drop it Joe and Kelley.  Jeff: We are tied one across the board.  Right there. Drop it.  Jeff: Angkor with their second piece. Bayon with their second piece. Here  comes Ta Keo with their second and third.  Left, left. Keith, drop it.  Jeff: It's hard to hear when everybody is yelling.  I can't hear.  Drop it.  Jeff: There it is. Angkor with their therd piece.  Abi, right here.  Jeff: Bayon with their third piece.  Kass, give me something.  Joe!  Jeff: Dietz continues to wait for help, like waiting to get called on in  class. Teacher doesn't see him.  Straight, straight, straight.  Drop it, drop it, drop it.  Jeff: Angkor in the lead with four petes. Bayon and Ta Keo each with three.  Turn around, Terry.  Kass, we need help.  I'm yelling at someone else.  I can't hear.  Drop it.  Jeff: Bayon with their fourth piece. 16 pieces. There are still a lot of  pieces left to find. Angkor in the lead with 11. They won the last reward  challenge. Would love to have another victory. Ten for Bayon. Ta Keo with  seven. Ta Keo in dead last right now.  I can't hear.  Jeff: Dietz like the guy at the party that no one will talk to. Waiting for an  invitation to dance.  Joe!  Jeff: Joe just picking a piece up on his own. These pieces are massive, but Joe  is not waiting for anybody else. Joe back with another piece, basically did  it all on his own. Ta Keo with another piece. Angkor with 11. Bayon with 10. Ta  Keo with 9. Ta Keo with another piece. Joe has put Ta Keo back in this  challenge. Angkor back with another piece. Savage exhausted. This challenge  will kick your butt.  Ouch. Ow.  Uh.  Ow.  You okay?  Drop it.  Ouch.  Ow.  Oh.  Jeff: Not an enviable position to be the caller in this challenge. Joe with a  full-on sprint. Ta Keo now in the lead with 15. Big comeback. Ta Keo came  from dead last. Ta Keo with one piece left. Bayon and Angkor with two. You  are not even half-way done. You still have to solve this puzzle.  Drop it.  Jeff: One piece left for Angkor. That's 15 for Bayon. Everybody on their last  piece.  Andrew, roll it to your right.  Watch out!  Oh.  Straight to me. Straight to me.  Jeff: Joe and dietz now paired up together. Terry was really on his own. Now  he's got a partner.  Let's go.  Jeff: Ta Keo with their 16th piece. Take off your blindfold and start  working. Angkor has their 16th piece. Take off your masks.  I can see.  Jeff: Huge immunity on the line.  It's so bright.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Bayon has their 16th. Take off your masks. Everybody working on the  puzzle now. It is a cube. There is a pattern on each side. It's the insignia  of your tribe's flag. You've been living with it. You know what it looks  like. The more progress you make, the easier it will get.  Joe, I think this goes over here.  Get the b for Bayon.  Jeff: Dietz is taking over. One of the biggest difficulties of this puzzle is  the weight and sizes of the pieces. Just moving them takes so much work. The  sun is beating down hot. Everyone can feel it.  Varner, back here.  Jeff: Tasha starting to call out some orders now.  Ow.  Jeff: Varner drops a piece on himself. Angkor spent a lot of time moving a  lot of pieces, but right now they don't look like they've made any progress  at all. This is a race between Ta Keo and Bayon. Bayon is making a lot of  progress. If they're right. Bayon was last to get all their pieces, but  they're making the most progress on the puzzle.  Just like that, yeah.  Spencer thinks he's got something.  Good job, Spencer.  Jeff: Bayon getting very close. Bayon for the win. Bayon wins immunity! We're  looking for second place. It's now Ta Keo and Angkor fighting now to make  sure it's not them that goes to tribal council. Ta Keo in the lead. Angkor  can get back in this if they can find the energy.  Come on. Angkor literally sleeping on the pieces. Ta Keo getting closer with  every piece. You can see the exhaustion on the faces of Angkor. Almost as if  they're just waiting for Ta Keo to win. So we can be done. Ta Keo with one  piece left. Ta Keo wins immunity sending Angkor back the tribal council for  the second straight time. Bayon, congratulations.  Good job.  Thank you.  Jeff: Nobody going home from Bayon, and nobody going home from Ta Keo.  Good job.  Jeff: Angkor, tribal council once again, you have to ask, Savage, did you  just give out?  That's all we had. I've never been in a state. I played college football. I was  never as close to this and I gave it everything i've had. I've never been  here. It's humbling. It's scary. I’m ready to fall over.  Jeff: Angkor, I wish I could tell you something positive was waiting for you  back at camp, but I can't. Bayon, Ta Keo, grab your stuff. Head back to camp.  In tribal council tonight.  Good job, you guys.  Good job.  Way to hustle.  Jeff: Angkor, the only thing waiting for you is a date with me tonight at  tribal council where somebody will be the fourth person voted out of  "second chance." grab your stuff. Head back to camp.  Good effort, guys. Varner, good calling.  Hey, we did our best.  Yeah, we did.  Oh, man.  Good feeling from the full belly is gone.  Gone, man. We went into today thinking we're going to just decimate those  guys and continue this high high, and we just got thumped by the most  physical challenge i've ever participated in, so we just hit this rock bottom  low low, got to go to tribal and send somebody home.  Varner, you okay?  It's my pinkie toe. It's going to hurt like a bitch for a few days. I am  absolutely no threat to anyone.  For the record, Varner is not a physical threat.  Thanks to Abi, Savage and I have fought our way from the bottom to what  appears to be the top, however, Abi is unpredictable. She'll make a decision,  she'll be solid. A few minutes later she doesn't know, and that worries me.  She's very cunning.  Yes.  It's me or you?  Yeah.  I think it's me.  You think?  I do. They're not telling me anything. They came over and took over. And now  that Abi's officially flipped, they have the power. There's nothing we can  do.  Right.  Clearly it's either me or Woo tonight. Abi is so in their laps right now,  she's completely turned her back on both of us. But the one thing that I have  working for me is i've never voted for Abi. I have saved Abi twice. So if Abi's  the one making all the calls here, I might just squeak by another week.  When we first got to this camp we were up 4-2, now we're looking at greg rid  of all the old Ta Keo tribe. It kind of worries me, man. How do you feel?  It feels good to be wanted.  Yeah, yeah.  They're making me feel so comfortable in such a good spot, so i'm...  Don't get too comfortable, Abi.  I know that. I understand why they're so buddy-buddy. Because they need you.  All right. What if we took out Varner.  You have to remember, you voted for me twice. And it's not something that I consider  because he says that he wants to work with me, but then he kind of like stabs  me behind my back. And I’m going with people that value my personality and  what I wring to the table. Just put yourself in my shoes.  I understand the situation.  I know you're going with the numbers. I get it. No hard feelings, but how  does that make me feel?  Uh-huh.  I tried to rekindle our relationship with Abi, but she was pretty upset. I did  write her name down twice, and she does have a grudge, and if she's looking  for some retaliation or vengeance upon me, then I could be facing a lot of  trouble going into tribal tonight.  What do you think in.  He has voted for me twice. He's not a loyal guy toward me. There's something  about him that wants to get me out of here.  Here's the thing, Varner, I thought he should have gone last time, but...  But he's not proven anything to me so far.  Abi is totally fixated on I don't trust Woo. Woo wrote my name down twice.  But the thing is, Woo can help us win challenges. But Abi just is contrary.  You say it's blue, she'll say it's yellow. Who do you think we're going the  lose immunity with, Woo, or Varner? Who is the biggest liAbility in.  Yeah, but Varner has protected me many times. He has proven his loyalty to  me.  I appreciate his loyalty.  Give me the benefit of the doubt.  I think if you want to be loyal to Jeff...  He was loyal to me before.  If that makes you sleep at night...  It's not about that, Tasha. I’m thinking. I’m thinking. I’m thinking. I’m thinking.  I’m thinking. Woo, Woo, Woo hasn't been loyal to me.  What scares me is Varner is very manipulative, and at any moment he could  work his magic, and now i've lost Abi.  I love you. You know that. We've worked well together. I kind of miss you.  Like we don't talk and cut up like we did before. I miss my Abi time.  Oh.  Abi's like the pivotal piece to this puzzle. And we might have to do whatever  she wants, otherwise Abi's going to be pissed.  Tonight I have a huge decision. It all comes down to winning challenges  versus trust and loyalty. And I hate having to be the decision maker.  Jeff: So Varner, let's talk about the cane. Is that directly from today's  challenge?  Yeah, one of those big pieces slammed right dunne on my foot. And it's  purple. It's painful. And today was a nightmare. I have never felt like this.  I mean, to not be able to put two socks together, to get up to walk to use  the bathroom...  Oh, my gosh!  To deal with moments like that, it drains you, but I just keep thinking of  the millions of people who voted me here, and I keep going.  Jeff: So, Woo, there had to be a part of you going, Varner would seem like an  easy volt. He's injured.  Varner and i, we feel like we're on the bottom, and it's tough, but it's all  about being able to outlast one another. I'll be able to outlast him for  sure.  Jeff: Abi, Woo says it's him or Varner, does that sound right to you.  Yes.  Jeff: Is this an easy vote or difficult?  I don't know. You know, I have been reflecting all day, and I haven't made my  mind up. I mean, Varner has been very loyal to me throughout the game, but we  want the win challenges.  Jeff: Savage, you could argue that Varner hasn't been a lot of help at any of  the challenges.  True. This is "Survivor," though, and you have to look to the  future, so when a merge come, Woo's a stud. Do we want to go up against him  one on one in challenges? It's just something to think about.  But the merge is not going to happen any time soon.  We don't know that. We don't know that.  I'm going to be an asset for you guys. Varner will not.  Woo is going to be your nemesis and I am not a physical threat to anybody.  Jeff: Woo, you're always going to be seen as a possible threat to win if you  get to the individual portion.  Sure, but I am that pivotal player that's going to stay loyal, that's going  to die for my alliance.  But you haven't been in this alike, you voted against it, twice.  Twice.  And I was loyal to these guys at the last tribal council, and if I may make a  pitch here...  Jeff: Yes.  Tasha, you've been closed off to me because I think you see me as this crappy  person, but I trust you and I am loyal to you. Savage, absolutely loyal to  you. We're both old school. And Abi, I have been loyal to you since day one.  Because I adore you. I will not vote for you. I have not voted for you. I am  loyal to you until the end of it. So I hope you repay that to me.  Jeff: Wow. Abi, that was a good pitch.  That was a good pitch, and I just really don't know what to do.  Jeff: Tasha, weigh it out from your point of view, because both of them have  made good arguments.  All I know is that in order to win, we need strong people. So that's Woo.  Loyalty, physical Ability, that's what I’m weighing.  I have both. I give you the loyalty and physical threat.  You're giving it to her. You haven't given it to me yet.  You voted against Abi twice.  Sure, I voted against Abi, but I’m telling you guys right now, I’m willing to  jump on board with you guys. Varner's got relationships with everyone from  the old Ta Keo tribe. How can you trust that he won't just flip on you.  We have relationships too with these people.  You're cutting them now.  You're playing the game hard and I respect that, but you can play the game  watching your own neck. I’m looking out for the better good of the group.  In terms of committing to these guys, one of us has proven they're there, the  other has not.  But I built a relationship with you guys the past five, six days. I’m willing  to commit and stick to it. I promise.  Jeff: Wow.  Wow.  Wow.  Wow.  Jeff: I love the fight. There is nobody here that wants to give up.  Can we vote?  Let's do it.  Jeff: All right. You guys want to vote? Let's vote. Woo, you're up.  Abi, I promise you right here right now that I will stay loyal. Don't vote me  out.  Make sure you don't write Abi.  I really hope it's not me tonight.  You rock.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has the a hidden immunity idol, now  would be the time the play it. Okay, once the votes are read, the decision is  final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area  immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Jeff. Woo. Jeff. Two votes Jeff.  One vote Woo. Fourth person voted out of "Survivor: Second chance,"  Jeff. That's three, that's enough. You need to bring me your torch.  Jeff: Varner?  Yep.  Jeff: The tribe had spoken. Time for you to go.  Thank you, Jeff.  Jeff: Well, if there is a silver lining to tribal council, it's this.  Sometimes if you make the right vote, you return to camp stronger and more  united. We'll know soon enough if that is the case for this tribe. Grab your  torches. Head back to camp. Good night.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," in a season of second chances, the  most unlikely just might be the most dangerous.  Final five.  Exactly.  Five could bring you all the way to the end.  If he writes my name down again, he's dead to me.  She's a snake in the grass.  There are going to be casualties.  I have a passion that's been cooking for 15 years. All of sauden this  opportunity pops up. It came playing the out in all directions, but in terms  of the life adventure, in terms of the charge to move forward with the second  half of my life, I absolutely got what I needed. And I’m very grateful.