<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor," with three tribes in the game, they  each had their own story. Ta Keo... Joe just picking a piece up on his own.  ...was on their own.  I don't know if we'll lose a challenge.  Jeff: Bayon have yet the lose but were far from united.  Spencer and Wiglesworth are in the minority.  I hate this place.  Anchor: And Angkor was disaster.  No resources. Something has to happen. We're in hell right now.  Anchor: And they lost their second immunity idol in a row. Angkor back to  tribal council for the second straight time. Facing tribal council, Savage  and Tasha wanted to take out the biggest strategic threat.  He's very cunning.  Jeff: But Abi had a vendetta against Woo.  He's voted for me twice. It comes down to winning challenges versus trust and  loyalty.  Jeff: At tribal council, Woo plead his case.  Abi, I promise right here and right now that I will stay loyal.  Jeff: And it was Varner who was sent home.  The tribe has spoken.  Jeff: 16 are left. Who will be voted out tonight. Captioning funded by cbs  and ford. We go further, so you can.  Well, guys, thanks for believing in me, man.  Thank you for believing in us.  Thanks, Abi, appreciate it very much. I’m here. I get a chance to live to  fight another day, and I’m absolutely psyched. Four tribals in 11 days is  somethingly never get used to, and I’m hoping I can postpone some of those  tribals now that we have a strong team.  That was really hard.  I know.  He's in a better place.  We need to win challenges.  But if we don't get our act together soon, then all four of us could be gone.   Woo was fighting.  I never seen that.  I needed to, man. I was freaking out.  The decision was up to me. It was either Varner or Woo. I kept Woo. I don't  feel like people owe me anything, but if he writes my name down again, he's  dead to me.  Give me a hug.  You know I love you.  You're my little sister.  Oh, my gosh.  I wouldn't have believed it. I would have said you lost your mind.  Six days ago I was like, this is mission impossible. Not just the conditions,  but the mental toughness it takes to fight your way from the bottom to the  top.  Woo worked the hell out of this situation.  I would not want to go through the last few days again.  But that's part of the game. And I’m playing it. I will continue to play it  until my situation changes.  Nothing in the net?  Tricky little buggers.  Kimmi, Wiglesworth and I like to get up, and we go clamming. And we go  crabbing.  Got him, got him, got him.  Yay.  Nice.  Awesome.  We bring home the protein for the boys. We're the gatherers. We're fine with  it. As women we should be strong. We should stick together.  Big clam!  Yes!  I think we should not take all the big clams. Put them in the boston kent by  us.  We're depleting this entire area.  It's going to keep refilling, and they move.  But think about the first day we found and how many we have now?  Because we're going closer in.  It doesn't matter, do you want the eat or not eat?  Then put them in the bag. We don't have to eat them all now.  I think we should maybe just stop hunting them, like no more clams.  No, I want to eat.  I know, Kimmi, but we're depleting the water of all the freakin' clams. I know  Kimmi is trying to gert as much of the big, big clams as possible. But I’m trying  to push Kimmi to not really grab as much as possible all the time because we  could be here for another 27 days. And if we keep just eating everything in  the water, there's not going to be a lot left.  There are three clams. That's all I’m bringing.  That's a big difference now with this second chance is I’m not living  day-to-day. I’m more looking at the end of the game and I still have to keep  my options open because there is a whole other game out there.  We got crab. We got crab and we got clam, which I’m thrilled about.  I really need to practice my patience a little bit more because Monica is  wearing my patience very thin. I feel whatever we catch we eat. The ocean is  not going to be depleted. A bird in the hand is worth more than two in the  bush. I mean, doesn't she know these things? I just... Leave them in the  ocean. Leave them in the ocean. Eat. We don't need to eat food. Just leave it  back in the ocean because we're going to go and deplete the whole entire  ocean of its supply of food. No. No, pumpkin, no. You know what, if my biggest  problem out here is Monica, then I’m doing okay. Instead of me being so  emotional in my reactions, I try not to make waves. I just have to remember,  self-control. I’m older and wiser, but I’m in the used to having somebody  else giving me their opinion where it's not welcome.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Ta Keo and Bayon getting your first look at the new Angkor  tribe. Varner voted out at the last tribal council. All right. You guys ready  to get to today's reward challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: For today's challenge, three members of each tribe will be tied  together. The fourth will be inside a barrel. On my go, you'll roll the  barrel to a series of flag poles where the person in the barrel must collect  a bag of balls, get back in. Once you've collected all three bags of balls,  you will then race the roll those balls, attempting to land them in a series  of targets. First two tribes to finish win reward. Want to know what you're  playing for?  Yeah.  Jeff: First tribe to finish, comfort. Chairs, pillow, blankets, hammock,  candles, and tarp.  Wow.  Jeff: Plus waiting for you back at camp, some refreshments, nice way to  recover after a very tough challenge. Second tribe to finish, not as  exciting, but still effective, a tarp. Keep the sun off you, keep the rain  off you. Third tribe to finish, nada, not a thing. This challenge has been  run just one time. That was in blood versus water. Sierra's season. Your  tribe participateed and lost. So this is a second chance for Ciera. Ta Keo, Bayon.  You each have two extra members. Cannot sit out the same people in  back-to-back challenges, so whoever sits this out will participate in the  immunity idol.  I'll sit out.  Who is going to sit out, Ta Keo? Kass going to sit out. Fishbach and Wiglesworth.  Everyone else take a minute to strategize. All right. Here we go. For reward,  Survivors ready? Go! It is Woo, Monica and wentworth in the barrels. This is  about teamwork. Got to get them to the first cradle before they can get out  of the barrel to release the bag with the balls. Go, Ta Keo. Go, Bayon. Go, Angkor.  Got to get out of that barrel, up, and release that bag of balls. This is  where you will gain or lose time. Wept worth is flying through that.  Wentworth has hers. Woo has his. Monica taking a little longer.  Come on.  Go, go, go, go, go!  Jeff: Angkor heading out. Ta Keo heading out. Monica still working on that  first bag. Bayon losing a lot of time right now by putting Monica in the  barrel. Now Bayon can get out.  Your side, your side.  Go,, Kelley.  Jeff: Wentworth back out, Woo is out. Whipping through it. Bayon all over the  place.  Come on, Monica.  I'm upside down.  Jeff: Woo has his second back for Angkor. Wentworth has a second bag for Ta  Keo. They're moving on for their third and final bag.  Let's go.  Jeff: Monica once again very slow for Bayon, like it's a sunday picnic for  the church.  Hustle.  Jeff: Finally Monica has the second bag for Bayon. Woo has the third bag for Angkor.  Wentworth has the third bag for Ta Keo.  Come on. Come on.  Jeff: Monica working on that third bag for Bayon. Wheels, wheels, wheels. Got  to get it in that cradle. Go, Angkor. Ta Keo, you're good. Everybody out. You  can start rolling balls. Monica finally has the third bag for Bayon. Woo  rolling for Angkor.  Yeah, Woo. Yeah, Woo.  Jeff: Keith rolling for Ta Keo.  Come on, Keith.  Anchor: Bayon, you got to pick it up.  Come on, Bayon, go, go, go!  Jeff: Go, Bayon. It's going to be Jeremy for Bayon. Everybody now working on  the balls. You've got the land all six balls one in each of the holes.  Yeah, Keith, all right.  Jeff: Keith has the first one for Ta Keo.  Almost. Almost.  Yeah, Woo.  Jeff: Woo has the first one for Angkor. We are tied 1-1. Jeremy now in on the  action.  Good job.  Jeff: Bayon is back in it just like that. We are tied one across the board.  Yes, Keith, yes.  Jeff: Keith with the second for Ta Keo.  Yes!  Jeff: Woo with the second for Angkor. We are tied again. Keith with the  third. Woo with the third. Tied again. Bayon once again falling behind.  You're good. It's going to go.  Jeff: Woo with the fourth for Angkor. Angkor now in the lead with four.  Keith!  Jeff: Keith lands the fourth. We are tied up now. Jeremy still firing for Bayon,  coming up short.  Come on.  Jeff: Here comes Spencer in for Jeremy. This is all about finding that touch.  Spencer lands one for Bayon.  There you go.  Jeff: Spencer with another one, back-to-back. Bayon with three. Spencer with  a third in a row. We are tied up now. Four across the board.  Yes, Keith, yes, Keith, yes.  Jeff: Keith with the fifth for Ta Keo. It is now Ta Keo in the lead with  five. First two to finish win reward. Keith has it for Ta Keo! Ta Keo wins  comfort and refreshments back at camp. Bayon and Angkor fighting for second  place. It is Angkor with four. Bayon has four.  You got this, brother. You got this.  Jeff: Angkor sinks their fifth. It is now Angkor with five. Just one left.  You're good, spence. You're good.  Get in there!  Jeff: Just misses. Woo can win it for his tribe. Angkor wins reward in the  form of a tarp. Bayon comes up short. Ta Keo, Ciera, your second chance  worked out. Redemption, big reward for your tribe. A lot of comfort items,  plus waiting back at camp, some cool drinks, something to snack on. Come grab  your stuff. Head back to camp. [applause] this is a big take. Angkor, it's  not as substantial, and I’m guessing it might even be as symbolic as anything  else, but it's still a tarp and that will keep the sun off you and the rain.  Come get it. Grab your stuff, head back to camp.  Thanks.  Jeff: Bayon, got nothing for you. Grab your stuff, head back to camp.  Nice job, guys.  Let's see what we've got.  Ta Keo, another reward.  Winning has been the elixir.  I'm pretending there's rum in it.  We end up winning chairs with pads in them.  Oh, wow. Thank you. Where's my crown?  We got a nice hammock. We got pillows, fresh fruit. This is like a tropical  camping trip.  You want to go get some fish? We have pineapple juice. We have all the food  we need, and if we don't, we go into the grocery store right there and we  catch some. I’m enjoying myself. This is great.  We got a good thing. I worry about merge time, though. We need to figure this  out. What is our plan?  The way that I see the merge working, we have to have a solid five. If we can  just stay solid five, right here, we're good.  Everyone in my season wanted to vote me out right away because they're like Joe's  the biggest target, Joe's the challenge.  I have no interest in voting you out.  The difference from last time to this time of praying in my second chance is  that I’m trying to pull in as many people as I can in order to have numbers  going into a merge situation because I’m still feeling like I’m the biggest  threat. But I’m definitely playing the first half of the game much better  than the last time I played.  This is final five. As long as we're all in an alliance, it's all about  gaining majority with us five.  There's a solid five. We're decent on the outside. Personally i've been  pushing her under the bus. I like the final fife minus dietz.  That was my problem. I never hooked up with nobody. Now I got four of them  down there. This is first time someone has come to Keith and said, let's do  this with these five people, not just two people. Two people ain't going to  get you nowhere, but five could bring you all the way to the end.  Have fun, you guys.  Good luck.  Should we roll it?  It seems like has the trend has been we win immunity and we lose reward.  Today we lost, and I was really hungry. So Jeremy and I got out there and  went fishing. The four original Bayon are still very strong, and Wiglesworth  and I are on the outs, but Jeremy is very, very real. He's a straight-up guy.  We can bond and actually become a close unit that could be a force later in  the game.  I got you.  I came into "Survivor" the first time as a super fan. I would watch  these guys like ozzie or even Joe fish and spearfish and provide for their  tribe.  Let's see how it goes.  All right. Let's do it. And I guess I always saw myself as kind of an  awkward, geeky kid who couldn't do those things. But here I am, doing those  things. I feel like I’m not enjoying "Survivor" by proxy anymore. I’m  living it. It's like one of those "Survivor" dreams that i've  thought about for a long time that I’m finally doing. It was a cool moment. I  felt proud.  I like the tarp.  Yeah.  I guess all those rainy date nights at chuck e. Cheese paid off. Second place  to us is first place. The victory was great, both morally and spiritually for  us.  We have a winning streak here.  Yeah.  We need immunity tomorrow.  It's second chance, and I’m definitely using my mom as a big inspiration to  push forward.  What was wrong with your mom's heart?  She suffered a massive heart attack. The doc comes in and says your mom only  has a couple days, so we're going to put her to the top of the list for a heart  transplant, with the blessing of God, we get a phone call, hey, guys, we got  a heart for your mom. We're like, that's terrific. And then her heart  transplant came in season 28. To see someone like that go through what she  did and never give up because she loved us, and there's in way she wanted to  let us go, you know, to me that's huge inspiration to, you know, keep  fighting for what you want.  Sorry, Woo.  So scary.  I love life. My mom got a second chance, so I’m definitely playing this game  for my mom and for everyone that's voted for me, too, because without them,  you know, I wouldn't have a second life at this game.  I didn't have the same luck. I lost my auntie very early. Woo just kind of  annoyed me a little bit. Woo is totally using that story to sway people his  way. Sure he might have had the situation happen to his mom and I feel for  him, but, hey, I had a tendon transplant on my knee. I have someone else's  part of their body inside me, too. How was he trying to get sympathy from you  guys telling his mom story.  Oh, I know.  It's sweet story, it's great, but swear to God, I’m like, okay.  Right, right.  Should I start telling all my personal stories, too? No.  Exactly.  Woo and Abi are like night and day. Abi takes everything in me to just be around  her. She's always worried.  It's alive.  It takes work. Woo will take walking orders. In a merge situation, it's going  to be twice as hard to maneuver with Abi. She's a time bomb, but again, she's  kept me in this game, so I don't want to make an emotional decision and cut  her loose. I want the make the right decision for my game, but for my sanity,  I might have to.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to today's immunity  idol?  Yeah.  Jeff: First things first. I'll take back the idols. Kimmi, wentworth. Once  again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, on my go you race  up a tower through a series of obstacles to the top. When you get to the top,  you will launch sand bags, attempting to hit a series of targets. First two  tribes to hit all their targets wins immunity, safe from the vote. Losers go  go to tribal council where somebody will be the fifth person voted out of  this game. This challenge ran for the first time last season. Joe's tribe  participated and lost. Second chance for Joe to rewrite history. Ta Keo, you  have two extra members. Cannot sit out the same people in back-to-back  challenges. Dietz and cassatt out last time. Who is it going to be?  Me and Kelley.  Ciera and Kelley sit out. Last time Wiglesworth and Fishbach sat out. Who is  going to sit out this time?  Jeremy and Monica.  Jeff: Jeremy and Monica will be the sitouts. Everybody else take a minute to  strategize and we'll get started. All right. Here we go. For immunity. Survivors  ready? Go! Got to get to that first mat and then send your first tribe member  up. It's going to be Joe, Spencer and Savage. Joe to the top. Spencer right  on his tail. Here's Savage.  Let's go, Savage.  Jeff: There is a learning curve to the "Survivor" slingshot. Spencer  gets first shot off. He is short. Savage just long. Joe hits on his first  try. Go, Ta Keo. Once you score, you got to switch out and everybody has to  shoot at least once. Spencer connects. Go, Bayon. Wiglesworth heading up now.  Savage hits. Go. Here comes Woo. We are tied 1-1-1. Keith just misses. Wiglesworth  going to fire. Go, Bayon. Wiglesworth connects. Bayon now leads 2-1.  Good job, wiggles.  Jeff: Woo connects. Go, Angkor. We're tied 2-2, Bayon and Angkor. Ta Keo at  1. Keith misses again. Here goes Fishbach for Bayon. Standing at the wrong  target, one for Angkor. That will count. Huge mistake.  Straight back.  Jeff: Keith fires again. Keith scores for Ta Keo. Fishbach was only  successful in giving Angkor a point.  You're welcome.  Jeff: Scores on her first time for Angkor. Keith scores for Ta Keo. Ta Keo  has three, Bayon has two, Angkor has four. You could win it right here for Angkor.  They have not won an immunity idol.  I'm out.  Jeff: Abi's going down. Here comes Woo. Kimmi launches. Comes up short. Woo  back up for Angkor. He could win it right here. Woo launches... Just over. Kimmi  launches. And almost hits for Angkor.  Kimmi, come down.  Kimmi, come down.  Jeff: Kimmi coming down. Here comes Spencer back up.  Come on, Kass.  Jeff: Here comes Kass for Ta Keo. Woo launches for the win... Woo hits and  scores for Angkor. Angkor wins immunity. Looking for one more.  Yeah!  Jeff: Kass launches way off. Spencer hits for Bayon. He's headed down. Here  comes Wiglesworth. It's now Bayon with three, Ta Keo with three.  Come on, Joe.  Jeff: Here comes Joe for Ta Keo. Angkor has won its first immunity idol. No  tribal council tonight for them.  Let's go, Joe.  Jeff: It's Joe back up for Ta Keo and Wiglesworth for Bayon.  Come on, Joe.  Jeff: Joe connects for Ta Keo. Ta Keo has four. Wiglesworth with three. Ta  Keo with one more to go. Here comes Keith.  Hard. Really hard.  Jeff: Kelly short. She's coming down. Spencer coming back. Here goes Keith  for the win.  Harder, Keith, way harder.  Jeff: Spencer trying the tie it up. He's been a force in this challenge.  Come on!  Jeff: Keith just misses. Can Spencer get them back in it? Just misses.  Harder, Keith.  Jeff: Keith for the win.  Yes!  Jeff: Ta Keo wins immunity, sending Bayon to tribal council.  Better to be the hammer than the nail.  Jeff: Good job, guys. Angkor, congratulations. Plus applause Woo, you don't  even want to wait for me to come to you. First time immunity for Angkor. No  tribal council. Ta Keo once again immunity. Nobody going home from Ta Keo. Angkor,  Ta Keo, grab your stuff, head back to camp. No tribal council tonight. Nobody  going home. The Bayon tribe, the majority of you have not even been to tribal  yet 13 days into this game. Monica, what's this going to do to this group?  I think it will only make us stronger actually. We'll figure out what's been  going on and who you can really trust and where your loyalties lie. I think  there's nothing wrong with going the tribal council.  Jeff: We'll find out tonight. Bayon, grab your stuff, head back to camp.  We'll see you tonight at tribal council where somebody will be the fifth  person voted out of "Survivor: Second chance."  it's become clear that it's Wiglesworth and I battling to see who goes home.  The four original Bayon are still very strong, and that's a tough nut to  crack. I hope that at least some of the bonds I have stick.  I'll say it once so I don't beat it to death, but I’m really sorry, guys.  There's four original Bayon and Wiglesworth and Spencer on the out.  Hey, win some, lose some. Sorry I didn't get more.  So all I’m thinking is, who do I trust more, going into this game, do I trust  Spencer to go with me or could I trust Wiglesworth?  You all right?  Yeah. I’m fine. I just hate going to tribal. I honestly don't think either of  them have the idol.  I don't think so.  I trust Wiglesworth more, but I think Spencer needs us more.  Yeah, yes.  What?  I think Kelly.  It would be kind of weird to me if Wiglesworth didn't like ask about what's  going on, you know? Being the guy on the bottom, which I’m used to being, I have  to crash conversations.  You good?  I'm good.  Wiglesworth?  Yeah.  Everyone's all set.  I basically just wanted to check in and make sure the plan was to vote out Wiglesworth.   And you guys are going to trust me?  We're more worried about Kelly.  My instinct as a somewhat anxious guy, check in, check in, check new york  make sure I’m good, make sure I’m good, but these people are looking for  loyalty, and a lot becomes based on how people feel about you. It becomes  pair mount that you come off as sincere, calm, confident, so it goes against  every part of me that loves this game, but I have to play it cool.  Kelly, I think she's going to go.  I'm not sure if I want to get rid of Wiglesworth. I think that keeping Wiglesworth  around might actually benefit my game and the hopes of maybe doing a girl's  alliance.  I want to try to keep the girl's numbers up. Right new it's even. We have  four original Bayon. These are our roots. Now all of a sudden Monica is  looking for an all-girls thing. I have no idea where that girl is going and  she's going to ruin a really good thing.  We four have to keep together, 100%.  Monica playing "Survivor," she's a liAbility because she's a loose  cannon. She would be a flipper.  She's a snake in the grass.  Yeah.  She's a snake in the grass. My whole entire ambition is to get to the end,  and there are going to be casualties. Monica is not playing for the Bayon  tribe. Monica is playing for Monica. And she will go and step on every single  one of us thinking, like, she owns us. And you know what, the joke's going to  be on her.  So we were just talking, okay, and she's like what's your opinion on Spencer  or Kelly. She's like, don't you think we need to keep our women's numbers up?   Does she want to go home?  I don't know what she... We have a good thing.  She's a snake.  Oh, my God.  She's going to mess this up. We got something really good.  The only thing I can think of is if we go Monica and then Spencer's on our  side. Spencer will go anywhere because he's go nowhere. I don't want to do  that, but it's something that if she's sitting here saying, keep girls  numbers up, what if Monica goes to Kelly and Spencer and says, hey, i'll vote  with you and we'll vote off Jeremy or we'll vote off steve. The three of us  have to blindside Monica.  Monica's just... I don't know what Monica's doing. Why would you tell Kimmi  we need to keep the girls' numbers. Why would you do that? So it would be  cool to see Monica go home off of that. I just want to put it out there,  though, that like it does send a bad message to Bayon to vote out a Bayon.  She would be first Bayon out of this game.  Yes.  I'm just terrified of a swap. That's it.  I know you are.  Jeremy, Kimmi and I need to decide which way we're going to go. This could  have a really wrong lasting impact on our whole game. If we take out Monica,  we're betraying all of Bayon, our original tribe. Then who knows what will  happen if we swap or merge. That might violate a lot of bonds of trust. In a  sense, Monica and Wiglesworth are liAbilities. You can't count on man camp  she's going to flip and flop. Wiglesworth has ties to Ta Keo. Getting rid of  her now would make a lot of sense. So it's hard to weigh which one is more  dangerous.  Jeff: For those of you who don't have a torch, go ahead and grab one. Dip it  in and get fire. Part of the ritual of tribal council because fire represents  your life, and when your fire is gone, so are you. So Fishbach, tribal  council can be beneficial to a tribe, as Monica eluded to today at the  challenge when it can help solidify a tribe. Is that your feeling that maybe  this will be a good thing.  This is a game based on trust, and there's no way the prove trust than when  you vote tonight at tribal council.  Jeff: Monica, the easy thing to just look at would be that the four former Bayon  members, Kimmi, Stephen, yourself and Jeremy, would have easy pickings  between Wiglesworth and Spencer. Is that the feeling right now that alliances  have to stick together?  I think that's the feeling. It's also based on trust mostly, and who you feel  you should be loyal to.  Jeff: So Wiglesworth, did you get that sense today that it was maybe you or Spencer.   Absolutely, and my actions from when we came together will hopefully carry me  through until tomorrow morning and I can stay with this tribe.  Jeff: Jeremy, do you think that's the mark of an old-school player? Because  what Kelly just said is actually very wise and could make a lot of sense.  It does make sense. It is old school, though. New school is more erratic, I need  it now, I need to know if I’m in, let me do whatever I can for right now to  last to the next day.  Jeff: Spencer, that's you. You epitomize the new school erratic, student of  the game, always playing hard.  Yeah, yeah, you could say that. And what I have here is the first time in my  "Survivor" career ever in "Survivor" i've had a tribe  that's unified, that I feel solid with going into challenges and playing as a  team because this game is still tribal. It's not individual right now. And  i've never experienced that before, and that's what I base me saying this is  my group on.  Jeff: Jeremy, if you're looking long term, that is music to your ears.  It's good the hear, for the long term, and also with Kelly, she's loyal, she  works hard, she's also good going forward in the group.  Jeff: So Jeremy, what will tonight's vote be based on?  Loyalty, trust, challenge strength.  Jeff: So far there is nothing to differentiate Spencer and Wiglesworth.  They're both strong in challenges. They both have plead their loyalty.  Well, we'll see then.  Jeff: And Kimmi, another thing that factors into this vote is what kind of  signal you're sending to everyone else still left in the game.  I mean, our original Bayon ten were very cohesive. I think as long as they  see it's one of the original Ta Keo, we're still good. But nobody knows what  goes on at camp.  Jeff: Monica, do you think this vote is locked in.  I believe it's locked in.  Jeff: So Kimmi, is it hard to vote somebody out or is there a bit of a kick  knowing I’m really playing this game?  It stinks that I’m squashing somebody's hopes and dream, but you know what, I  have to get over the emotional part. I came in here knowing that it's a game,  and I’m going to keep going on the path that I’m playing.  Jeff: Stephen, does emotion come into a vote for you or is this about  strategy and getting to the end and this time I’m going to win?  I think that strategy is based on emotion. You have to build real bonds in  order to build real alliances.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Monica, you're up.  I really hate putting your name down, because I think you do amazing if we'd  let you go any further.  Sorry, spence, you're a good guy, but I got to go with the numbers on this  one.  You invented the phrase, "i didn't come here to make friends," and  yet you have more than I do on the other side. I hope I did my job of  convincing this tribe that that is the case.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want the play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Kelly. Spencer.  Kelly. Two votes Kelly. Monica. Two votes Kelly, one vote Spencer, one vote Monica.  Monica. That's two votes Monica, two votes Kelly, one vote Spencer. One vote  left. Fifth person voted out of "Survivor: Second chance," Monica.  You need to bring me your torch. Monica, the tribe has spoken. Time for you  to go. Well, if there was any question as to whether this tribe is playing  old school or new school, tonight's mind side put that to rest. Grab your  torches, head back to camp. Good night. Stay tuned  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," big moves are all about timing.  Think about it.  This would be the move that set the tenor for the whole season.  Jeff: But one Survivor's time in the game is about to run out.  It's worse than anything you can imagine.  I'm a little shocked, but I’m okay. I really wanted to stay in this game a  lot longer. I didn't expect myself going out this early. You never know what  to expect. I guess you can say I was officially blindsided. I feel like my  second chance was a bit of a disappointment. I don't know what I could have  done differently. It's tough, but it's a game. You got to pick yourself up  after you get voted out.