<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor": Ta Keo was thriving, and had put  together a strong five.  This is final five.  I'm trying to pull in as many people as I can.  Jeff: While Angkor was barely getting by.  We are in hell right now. This isn't working.  Jeff: But at the last immunity challenge-- Woo launches! They finally won. Angkor  wins immunity. Sending Bayon to tribal council. Back at camp, Wiglesworth and  Spencer were on the outs.  I still say Kelly.  But Monica wanted to change things you want.  She's a loose cannon and she'd be a flipper.  Jeff: And everything did change at tribal council when Monica was blindsided.  Monica, the tribe has spoken. 15 are left. Who will be voted out tonight.  Captioning funded by cbs and ford. We go further, so you can.  Terry. Hey, it's Probst.  Hey.  Jeff: I need to talk to you for a second. Come on out. We'll be right back,  guys. Come down here on the beach.  Okay.  Jeff: I know this is a shock, waking you up in the middle of the night. I wouldn't  be here if it wasn't serious.  No question. I'll go back, grab my bag, and, uh, tell them.  Jeff: All right, let's do it.  Then we'll go.  Jeff: All right, i'll go with you.  Okay, thanks.  Are you okay?  My boy, danny,"he ended up being hospitalized, and my wife and the  doctor think that it's best that I go home.  Oh, my God.  Terry!  Oh, my God!  For me, there was no choice.  Terry!  I appreciate all you guys and everything.  I'm sorry, terri.  You've helped me follow through on another dream and I couldn't have done it  with finer people, finer people.  Thanks so much for everything.  All right. Let me just grab my bag.  I think you have to be a parent to understand how devastating it would be to  be out here and get a call that your child is sick and you need to get home.  I just can't imagine.  Be well. Good luck. Kick some ass. Keep it up.  Terry, be good, buddy.  Godspeed.  We'll miss you.  I'll miss you guys.  To have someone have to go home like, this it's worse than a med evac. It's  worse than anything you can imagine in "Survivor." it's just a  reminder of how quickly thiks can change.  Let's bring this home for Terry. Let's bring it home for him.  I don't like having chills.  Jeff: Hang in there. We're going to get you home.  I feel for him. He's a good dad. We'll keep him in our thoughts and hope for  the best and hopefully when he gets home, it's all good. Angkor getting your  first look at the new Bayon tribe. Monica voted out at the last tribal council.  Angkor and Bayon getting your first look at the new Ta Keo tribe.  What!  Without Terry.  Jeff: Terry Deitz was pulled from the game due to a family emergency.  What!  Oh, no!  Jeff: His wife called and said one of his kids was sick, and that he needed  to go home.  Oh, my God!  Jeff: Savage, you're a dad.  Yeah.  Jeff: Imagine hearing that news in the middle of the night that something's  wrong with one of your kids, and you don't know what it is.  I'd run to the airport. I mean, we all love this game to our core, but that's  family. That's bigger than all of this.  Jeff: Wiglesworth, you can explain to somebody who's not a parent what is  that instant? You had it. Savage had it.  You'd do anything for your kid. If I had to get there any faster, I would  jump and swim all the way to him and for Terry to leave for that, like, we  all have emotion for him. It's terrible.  Jeff: So, Ciera, you are a young mom as well. What comes up?  I had the conversation with my husband, you know, like, what would make me come  home. And I don't know. I love this game, but I love my family so much more.  Jeff: So, Joe, what does this do to you as a tribe?  I think half the night it took the wind out of our sails a little bit, but  there's still the game, and we're going to do him proud.  Jeff: Where are we at with the other two tribes? Bayon, what's the vibe of  this five right now, Jeremy?  It's a nice little family going on here.  Jeff: Savage, has this tribe gotten stronger, even though you've been through  a lot of adversity?  This four right here are unbelievably tight. And we just can't wait to  continue our little winning streak.  Jeff: All right, so I’m glad to know that we have three very tight tribes,  because the great thing about "Survivor," it just keeps moving  forward. And that makes today a perfect day for a switch.  What!  Jeff: Everybody drop your buffs. Again.  Love you, Terry.  Three most beautiful words in this world for me, "drop your buff."  Jeff: Two tribes will be Ta Keo and Bayon. Angkor will be no more. Everybody,  open your buffs.  So I notice that Savages that the same color. I was more than pleased because  fihad to choose one person I’m most closest to, hands down, it's God got to  be Savage.  Jeff: Take your spots on your new mats.  There have been two swaps now. There are so many past relationships, I cannot  fathom how people could group together. It is a cluster... Expletive.  Welcome home!  Jeff: All right, Kass, you just dropped a buff and drew another Ta Keo and  you're right back here.  I'm happy because we have the rice and the chicken, you know. A little  hesitant about Spencer because, you know, maybe there's not a lot connection  there.  Wow, we're already in it. Here we go! Kass and I have feuded, and at times,  we've hated each other. So how I can get along with my arch nemesis is going  to determine how this game goes for me.  Jeff: So wentworth, in a new game of seven, six of whom were together in the  beginning do you feel instantly I will be the odd one out?  I know I’m the only original Ta Keo. You be, I know some of these people,  though, from working together on the last tribe so I’m excited. And I just  want to win.  The switch worked out perfectly for me for right now. We have an obvious  target with wentworth, but I still have a sense of being at risk because  there are a lot of big alpha guys here. That's terrifying to me.  Jeff: All right, you guys ready to get to your first reward challenge as new  tribes?  Yes!  Jeff: For today's challenge, one member from each tribe will race down a  slippery course, grabbing a ring along the way. You'll then toss that ring  attempting to land it on a post. First to get it right, scores a point. First  tribe to three wins reward. Want to know what you're playing for?  Yes!  Jeff: It will be a nice way to get to know each other. A "Survivor"  picnic delivered to your camp. Fried chicken.  Oh!  Jeff: Mac and cheese. And for dessert, brownies!  Oh!  Oh, girl, girl!  Jeff: I'll give you a minute to strategize. We'll get started. All right,  here we go. First up, Ta Keo, who you got? It is going to be Savage taking on  Jeremy in this first round. First one to get their ring on the post scores a  point. We are playing to three. Here we go. Survivors ready? Go! Jeremy  launches. Savage launchs. Jeremy's got the ring, Savage right behind. Jeremy  scores over Savage, and Savage less than a half a second behind.  That's crazy.  Jeff: That is as close as it can get. Bayon leads 1-zip. Next match-up. It  will be Kass versus fishpack. Survivors ready? Go!  GStephen, go, go, go! Get up, Stephen, get up, Stephen. Go, go, go! Move  those feet!  Jeff: Kass not messing around. She has her ring. Stephen has his.  Come on, Stephen!  Jeff: Kass almost scores?  <br/>Steve, relax, man! Fishback can he do it right here?  Throw it at the post, Stephen, throw it at it.  Stop flipping it!  Jeff: Kass can tie it right here. And she does! We are tied 1-1.  Hey, you have to have confidence in yourself. We have confidence in you, have  it in yourself, man! Come on!  Jeff: Next match-up, it is Abi for Ta Keo, Kimmi for Bayon. Survivors ready?  Go!  Go, go, go, go, go!  Jeff: Beating women come up short. Kimmi going to try to walk it. That is not  easy to do.  Grab the ring!  Jeff: Kimmi has a ring. Abi has hers. Kim wea toss. Kimmi on and off. No, no,  no! Keep going! Abi thought it was over. Abi can put Ta Keo in the lead. Ta  Keo leads 2-1. Next round, it is going to be Woo.  All right, Woo!  Jeff: versus Joe. Joe must score to keep Bayon alive.  Big Joe!  Jeff: Survivors ready? Go! Woo launches. Joe launches. Both guys get to the  ring quickly, Bayon scores! We are tied and go to sudden death down to a  showdown!  One shot!  Jeff: And it comes down to this. Wiglesworth versus wentworth. Whoever scores  here wins for their tribe fried chicken, mac and cheese. Here we go, for the  win, Survivors ready? Go! Wentworth launches, comes up short. Both women on  their feet. First ring wins for their tribe.  Almost!  Throw it! Throw it!  She's got it.  Jeff: Wentworth for the win. No, it bounces on and off.  Jeff: Wiglesworth can win it. Wiglesworth wins it for Ta Keo! Huge reward. Ta  Keo, big reward, "Survivor" picnic delivered to your cam. You don't  have to do anything but thrit sitthere and enjoy it. Grab your stuff and head  back. Enjoy your afternoon.  Thank you, Jeff!  Jeff: Bayon, got nothing for you. Grab your stuff, head back to camp.  Looking at the complexion of my tribe, I couldn't be happier. I got Abi and Woo,  after we went through in Angkor, we're rock solid. And if I can just regroup  with my Bayon folks, Kass and Ciera, that's the most perfect equation you can  imagine. I’m not going anywhere.  Oh, my gosh! Let's get to it! Those browni brownies are bigger than our  fists!  Well done, everyone. That was amazing.  Coming into the new Ta Keo tribe I was thinking about the awesome meal I was  about to eat but in the back of my mind kind of nagging at me was how the  hell is this tribe going to work out for me? How was Ta Keo the last, like,  couple rounds?  We were chill because I know you don't believe it, but the four of us that came  over were, like, the least dramatic, nonschemers.  I can believe that. When Kass and I had to actually do the seemingly  impossible and interact, it was a little awkward. It was a little cagey. Can  I get a watermelon?  You can have about 10.  Genuinely, I didn't know what to make of it. So I just tried to treat her  like everyone else, but that's never worked for me in the past with Kass.  Dude, do you realize we're here? We're out of that hell hole. No, I can't  tell you guys how hard that was. What we went through in Angkor was so  traumatizing that having that victory and the food was one of the most  beautiful moments in my life, honestly. It sounds silly, absolutely beautiful  moment.  Ta Keo! Cheers! Cheers! Cheers!  So as soon as I looked at those other six, first thing I thought was I got  five. Two of the old Bayon with Kass and Ciera, and I got my Angkors.  Be careful right behind you.  Spencer's this wonderful kid, honestly, if I had a son, i'd like him to be  like Spencer. Big heart, super bright. I love the kid, but i'll tell you  this, and it sounds really cold, I know deep down inside Kass can't stand Spencer,  and and I am going to use that to my advantage in the game.  What do you think?  I don't know.  Ciera and I are pretty tight.  So, me, Woo, and Abi inseparable. So we have us three. Whatever you want to  do.  Awesome.  I know what you want to do.  As long as we keep our Bayon.  Spencer's got to go.  Yeah. I would love to get rid of Spencer again. I didn't want Spencer on my  tribe. I wanted to play second chances without the bledsoe.  That's it, perfect.  Here's what we were thinking is we tell Spencer Ciera's going, and it's going  to be 100% blindside. He'll have no idea.  Savage says, "we're going to send Spencer home and tell him that it's  going to be me to go home." me? Like, hold the phone. It shows a huge  cipe of where his trust lies that he would rather throw me under the bus  than, you know, Woo is not original Bayon.  So you're not going anywhere.  I trust you.  Let's not scramble. We're good, five, right here.  Whenever you hear your name being brought up, it is never a good thing. I want  to be a team player. There are certain times I’m willing to take things for  the team. This is not one of those times.  One, two, three, Ta Keo.  Here.  Don't drop it in there.  I won't drop it in there!  I don't know. Don't catch it on fire, either.  Oh, son of a-- okay.  Oh, you're done. You're done.  How did they burn off?  Oh, my goodness, Joe.  I know. We might have to do some work. Because you're Ta Keo.  I know. I knew I was in trouble here.  You're the easy vote.  No, I know.  So, I know.  We need to find a way to keep you here. After the tribe swap, strategically I’m  in a good spot. I've got an original alliance of Bayon, and over at the Ta  Keo camp myself, Kass, Ciera, Kelly, and Keith all kind of made a pact, so I want  to keep Kelley around so I have numbers at the merge. You're stronger than  steven and Kimmi.  I know.  That's the one biggest pitch, I think.  For sure.  I know I’m the easy vote. Like, I’m not oblivious to it. But I do have an  immunity idol, and if Joe wants to protect me, like, I’m going to hide behind  him as long as I can. I mean, Joe, thank you.  What are we doing? Are we just sticking together? What do you guys want to  do?  Are you good with wentworth? I don't think we're going to lose, to be honest.   Do we try to go strong? I mean, like, I love Kimmi, but, challenge-- I mean,  I’m just saying, like, just in terms of like a first vote.  You know, I feel like Bayon strong. Why would we screw it up now? The old Bayon  is saying let's keep Bayon together. Joe is saying no, let's keep wentworth  and target Kimmi. He is already trying to get our core alliance to turn on  each other. Joe said Kimmi.  I don't like that.  No, of course, not.  So Joe actually flipped on the Bayon alliance, and this is "Survivor."  you have to take action. I don't trust Joe at all. So, like, I would be happy  to lose him, like, immediately.  But i-- I don't want to do Joe first. Steve is definitely digging his heels  in he wants Joe out. But I need a shield. I need Joe around as long as  possible. I do not want to be the biggest guy out here. All right, we'll  talk. We'll talk. You know, at the reward challenge, Jeremy's like, man,  you've got to have confidence. You need to believe in yourself. You know  what? Like, I’m putting everything into winning "Survivor." that  doesn't manifest itself in challenges. I know I’m not good in those. You're  bugging.  Just think about it. Let it percolate. I’m good at other things. In terms of  the strategic moves, that to me is what this game is about. It's about the  social strategy. It's about building alliances and maintaining alliances and  targeting the right person at the right time. He's, like, trying to get us  out to save wentworth, so he's not Bayon's friend.  Right. It would be unexpected--  you think it's a mistake because it's too much, too soon.  Yeah.  Fican't get my alliance to make that move with me, I have failed. You know,  like, you don't get a lot of shots taking out your major competition and, you  know, what actually works me up... Is-- oh, my God. I can't believe I’m getting  teary. Is the idea that, like, you know, I would miss this-- oh, my God. This  is so silly. That I would miss the second chance. I would miss my-- you know,  i've put so much into it last time, but I still came up short. And I’m putting  so much into it this time. And the idea that I would come up short because I just  couldn't get my crew to take the shot that we needed to take. Like, i've been  kicking myself for so many years just for not getting rild of the golden boy  last time. But to just wait for the game to come to you and pass you by, that  would be a real loss to me, to not take control of the game when we have the  chance. God, it would be such a great move. It would be such a great move.  This would be the move that set the tenor for the whole season.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! All right, you guys ready to get to today's immunity  challenge.  Yes!  Yes, sir.  Jeff: First things first, Ciera. Take back the idol. Thank you. Once again,  immunity is back up for grabs. Today you will participate in a food-eating  competition. You will race to get down local cambodian delicacies. First to  do so scores a point for their tribe. First to four wins immunity, safe from  the vote, losers go to tribal council where somebody will be voted out of  this game. We have done this challenge 14 times. Kelly you are the originator  of this. Kimmi did this in season two, and couldn't get down the cow's brain.  Ciera participated and didn't even get out of the first round. Each tribe for  the first round will put up two tribe members. We'll get started. Here we go.  First round. Kimmi and Tasha taking on Woo and Spencer. Go ahead and reveal.  Oh, Kimmi. Oh, my God.  Is it alive?  You got it, girl.  Jeff: So everybody has two tarantulas to get down. The first pair to finish  scores a point. Here we go. Survivors ready? Go! Empty mouth.  Swallow it.  Good job, Tasha.  Jeff: There will be a little bit of guts in there. A little bit of juice. Kimmi  struggling. Everybody else has all of their traptulas in their mouth except  for Kimmi. Spencer's good. Step back.  Woo, swallow it.  Jeff: Woo is good! Ta Keo scores first point. Jeremy and Keith taking on Savage  and Ciera. All right, everybody reveal. Water beetle. It will have a little  bit of its guts. It will have some juice. Survivors ready, go. It's crunchy  and it's juicy.  Awesome job!  Jeff: Jeremy working on the second. Savage now working on his second. Savage  is good. Jeremy's good.  Come on, Keith! Come on, Keith!  Jeff: It's now down to Ciera versus Keith for the point. Would be a huge  redemption for Ciera.  Come oCiera, you got it!  Jeff: Keith has it! We are tied. 1-1.  Great effort. Come here.  Fishback and wentworth taking on Kass and Abi. Go ahead and reveal. Pig  snout. Here we go. Survivors ready? Go.  Everybody takes a big bite right away. Abi's tearing it up right now.  Come oAbi!  You got it, Abi. Swallow.  Jeff: Look at that, first to finish. Abi's finished. We have another showdown.  It is Kass versus wentworth. Both have the same amount left. Kass spitting it  back up now.  Go, go, go! And she did it! Bayon scores and leads 2-1. Now we're going to go  into individual match-ups, Joe versus Wiglesworth. Reveal deep-fried frog.  Yeah! That looks good, Joe!  Jeff: Bayon leadses, 2-1. Survivors ready? Go. Kelly is shoving it in her  mouth.  Take your time, Joe.  Jeff: Joe going piece by piece, two very different strategies. Kelly could  tie it up right here.  You got this, Kelly.  Jeff: Kelly does it for Ta Keo. Defeet Joe. We are tied 2-2. Next round, Woo,  Kimmi, go ahead and reveal. Pigs brain.  I haven't had pig in 30 years. I-- and to go jump into pig brain is a little  bit extreme, so my gift is to let Woo eat some pig brain.  Jeff: Here we go, Survivors ready? Go.  Bon appetite.  Cheers.  Brains!  Jeff: Wow. Woo making this look easy. That was less than five secondses. (  applause ) Ta Keo leads 3-2. Next round. Ciera, wentworth. Reveal. Scorpion.  So, Ciera, if you win here, you win the challenge for Ta Keo.  Okay.  Jeff: If you lose, we are tied 3-3. Big pressure. Survivors ready? Go.  Go, Ciera. Go, Ciera. Get it, get it!  Jeff: Ciera could win it for her tribe, would be an amazing second-chance  story.  Swallow, swallow, swallow. Wentworth would tie it up for Bayon. Extending  this one more round. Losers go to tribal council, where somebody will be  voted out of this game. Wentworth scores for Bayon! Ciera once again comes up  short. We are tied 3-3. So, Ciera, what are the tears for?  I feel bad for letting these guys down.  You did not let us down.  I'm proud of myself for even getting as far as I got.  Jeff: Kass versus Tasha. Last item. Reveal. Belute.  Oh, God, that's brutal.  Jeff: Duck embryo. This is it for the win, the first to finish sends the  other tribe to tribal council. Giant stakes. Hand on the table until I sigh  go. Survivors ready? Go. Shell is and all.  Kass is going to puke.  Jeff: Kass really struggling with just a baby bite. Coming back up. This is  what happened last time. All of it came up.  Come on, baby girl!  Come on, girl!  Jeff: Bayon wins immunity, synding Ta Keo to tribal council. Where somebody  will be voted out of this game.  Good job, girl.  Jeff: Kass are the tears a physical reaction to just it going down or is that  an emotional reaction?  I think it's both. You know, I was kind of vomitus which makes you a little  teary. And then letting the tribe down.  Jeff: Bayon, immunity is yours. Well earned.  Good job, tash.  Jeff: No tribal council for Bayon. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp, enjoy  the night off.  Oh, we will. Nice job, guys.  Jeff: Wow, really?  I haven't eaten in 16 days, Jeff!  Jeff: Ta Keo got nothing for you but a date with me tonight at tribal council  where somebody will be voted out of this game. Grab your stuff, head back to  camp. See you tonight at tribal.  Tribal council tonight and I would love to get rid of Spencer again and if he  was the first person whose name I wrote down, i'd be more than happy to write  a sad face on his card and send him on his way. Spencer bledsoe, 0% chance of  winning this game.  We lost the challenge and now we've got to face tribal council. We already  talked about who we wanted to take out if we ended up at tribal. So as of  now, if everything goes according to plan, we're all going to vote Spencer.  Everybody knows the plan.  We're locked.  Okay.  Everybody's gotta say Ciera.  Okay, okay.  So everyone is saying Ciera.  But you have nothing to worry about.  Don't stress it.  If he asks me i'll just say I don't know.  Guys, don't be seen talking to Ciera.  To come here at Ta Keo and be amongst the majority of the alliance, I’m finally  in tune with this game, and I get to-- get to play.  What do you think is happening tonight?  Here's my thing, I think Ciera's gotta go.  I am kind of on the outs as far as being in the know. But i've been wanting  to play with Savage this whole time. I think he's just a really good guy and  someone that I can trust.  Yeah.  Woo knows, Kass knows, Abi knows, I know, now you know. It's unbelievably  hard for me to put up Spencer like this. He's a great kid, but nothing's  getting in the way of my second chance. So tonight everyone's voting Spencer.  He's voting Ciera.  Yeah.  All right, man. This is going to be one of the most devastating, unexpected  blindsides in the history of Survivor. I mean business. This is my second  chance. I’m note getting a third chance. This is it.  Here's my thing, I don't feel with my name being the one thrown out. Who does  saffable think he is--  it was weird, he's like, "we're going to say Ciera." I was like  where does this come from.  He was all Bayon strong and now all of a sudden he has Woo, and that freaks  me out.  I definitely had a wake-up call when Terry went home. It is my second chance.  It could be my last chance and I want to go for it full on so I can go home  to my family and say, "hey, I gave it my all."  i would like to get rid of Spencer before the merge.  I think we would be really dumb to keep Woo over Spencer.  So Ciera wants to get rid of Woo. I didn't want to play with Spencer. I was  glad not to be on a tribe with him all this time. And when everyone said  let's do Spencer first, it was almost being served up to me. But then you  have to step back. Is there a better use for Spencer right now?  We should talk.  I don't want to rehash any of that stuff.  No.  But I do think it would be good to talk through everything, you know.  Yeah, there's some stuff going on, and--  yeah.  There's some stuff that could benefit you, because I think you're kind of not  in anything.  I really like Savage.  Interestingly, Savage said, "why don't we go for Spencer, but we'll tell  them it's Ciera."  does Savage actually want to go after me?  Yeah.  Huh. When did he say that?  Like, after the feast. Just sitting in the shelter.  If what Kass is saying is true, that Savage is considering me as a target, I’m  left having to figure out where to run.  I'm leaning towards a Woo blindside, and if we have to--  do you think we would have a good group to do it.  Ciera, Abi, me and you, and that's four.  I guess I’m bunking with the devil tonight. I might have to play with Kass.  I'll finally get my revenge on Spencer bledsoe. There's two ideas floating  out there, Savage, Wiglesworth and Woo think spence ser going home, and Spencer  Abi, and Ciera believe Woo is going home.  We're all good, right?  I'm not wavering from that at all.  I have no interest in anything else. We're so strong with just us.  I have the opportunity to write down Spencer and say good-bye. As I sit here  right now, I could still do that if I wanted to because of how the votes are.  It's my first tribal of my second chance. Which Kass is coming? Is it calm Kass  or is it chaos Kass? The little angel and the devil. They're each on my  shoulder. Spencer, Woo. Calm, chaos. It's there. What's going to happen? I don't  even know.  Jeff: For those of you who have not been to tribal council yet, grab a torch,  dip it in, and get fire. This is part of the ritual of tribal council because  fire represents your life. When your fire's gone, so are you. All right, so  16 days in to this second chance experiment. That's really what it is, a  chance to see if you can change the way you played the first time and get a  better result. Savage, what have you been working on?  My personal game. Developing deep, deep relationships, began with identifying  folks who actually were trust worthy and loyal, and I think i've been pretty  well doing that.  Jeff: Spencer, what's your second chance season been about so far?  It's been about coming into this game and seeing people as that, people.  Jeff: Which is tough to do in a game that is outwit, outplay, outlast.  Absolutely. This might be the hardest environment in which to do and yet the  most important.  Jeff: Woo, some would say that what hurt you the first time you played is you  weren't able to clearly see tony manipulating you into a million-dollar  mistake.  Yeah, absolutely. My first season, what I failed in was understanding that to  succeed in this game, you're gonna have to be a little more cut throat, and I’m  at peace with that.  Jeff: So, Kass, there's all these second chance stories but you're still  playing a game. How do you navigate all of the many layers of relationships?  Yeah, it's really hard to keep track. I was on Bayon early with Savage. Are  we still Bayon strong? Woo I know from cagyan, Spencer, you know. Ciera and I  have been together from day one. Who who's really tight with who and why?  It's a lot of fun.  Jeff: Now that chaos Kass or the new Kass?  I don't know which Kass is here tonight.  Jeff: Savage, that's got to be a little unnerving. You know when chaos Kass  is angry or she's telling you truth or she's about to blindside you.  I've been with Kass a long time, original Bayon, and I haven't seen chaos Kass  yet. I have seen a loving, loyal Kass.  Jeff: Ciera, what's your take on all the relationships that are out here? How  do you navigate them?  Navigating people is actually one of my strengths. I meet somebody and I go  with my gut and I know. Like, Savage was with me earlier, but he grew tight  with Woo. Un, it's just all about that battle between your gut and your  heart, and your mind.  Jeff: Savage, do you get uncomfortable any time you more your name mentioned  in any sentence for any reason at tribal?  No.  Jeff: And why is that?  Because I don't have doubts about tonight. My judgment is my judgment. If I blow  it, that's on me.  Jeff: And, Ciera, when you hear what Savage said, ," I feel pretty  confident," that's the fun part of "Survivor," if everybody is  playing at the highest level, everybody here feels confident. And yet,  somebody will go home.  That's the scariest part of tribal council. I mean, we're all second-time  players and we all have plans. And somebody's plan is not going to work out.  Jeff: Spencer, that's really it. Somebody's plan is not going to work out.  Yeah. Everyone has some degree of confidence, and not everyone can keep that  confidence once you get out the snuffer.  Jeff: All right, it is time to vote. Wiglesworth, you're up.  I'm writing your name down for one reason-- are you too good at this game.  My fate tonight lies in the hands of chaos Kass. ( sighs ) God help me.  Jeff: I'll go tally the person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal  council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, spenter. Woo. Spencer.  Spencer. Three votes Spencer, one vote Woo. Woo. That's two votes Woo. Woo.  We're tied, three votes Woo, three votes Spencer, one vote left. Sixth person  voted out of "Survivor: Second chance," Woo. You need to bring me  your torch.  Blindside.  Jeff: Woo, the tribe has spoken. Time to go.  Jeff: Well, this season the game is being played at a very high level, which  means are you going to have to continue to adapt your game if you want to  make it to the end. Grab your torches, head back to camp. Good night.  Surely a difficult way to leave the game, but I had an amazing run. This game  is the toughest, both mentally and physically. So win or lose, it was an  achievement of a lifetime, and I’m stoked to be a part of this "Survivor"  family. Captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor": The mecialg is coming.  Congratulations, you have merged.  Now the game is on. Once you make the merge, things are about to change.  Jeff: And chaos Kass it back.  Here's the line. It's been drawn. People should think about who they're  working with and the mimgz they're trying to run. Don't mess with my second  chance. You unleashed the beast.  I when Jeff woke me up in the middle of the night, getting home to my family  was the only thing I could think about. It turns out my son danny needed a  heart transplant and he got that transplant and he's doing well. Here I was  thinking I was the second whic-chance guy. Here's the second-chance guy right  here.