<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor," after the merge, no one was taking  their second chance for granted.  You have to hit the ground running.  Jeff: Two hidden immunity idols had already been found.  I love it.  Jeff: Joe continued to win. Joe wins his second individual immunity  challenge! And wentworth, Abi and Ciera were on the bottom fighting to stay  alive.  I'm so fricken tired of their half hass plan.  I'm going to throw anything I can throw trying to get somebody to catch on to  it.  At tribal council it was clear the game of "Survivor" had evolved.  I don't agree there's a bottom here. It's in the hire, a cal here.  Jeff: And webt worth decided to take the game into her own hands.  This is a hidden immunity idol.  Jeff: Putting an end to Savage's second chance. Eighth person voted out, the  second member of our jury. 11 are left. 11 are left. Who will be voted out  tonight? Who will be voted out tonight?  #hiddenimmunityidol.  Wait, I want the start by saying... I’m sure I got a little worked up. I feel  betrayed by some of you.  That was bad ass.  Well played.  I was going to explode at tribal council. Hello. I’m Kelley wentworth. I just  maneuvered Savage out of "Survivor: Second chance." I feel like  i've come so far from "blood versus water" to where I am here,  hidden immunity idol, great play by Kelley wentworth.  Okay. All right.  I just feel like I’m a different person. I wanted to take risks and make  moves. It's like the best feeling i've had out here in 21 days.  But it has to be one of those three goes home next time because you can't let  the three of them all of a sudden become friends with tash and Jeremy. Nix  that.  Now I feel like we have the break up the little witch's coven.  Kimmi is calling Ciera, wentworth and Abi like the three witches from macbeth  that are stirring their cauldron. Abi is hotheaded. Ciera, toil, let's make a  move, let's make a move. And wentworth is trouble. She's bringing out idols.  I don't want to be like king duncan who gets killed in the night. I want to  do the killing in the night. Those witches are brewing something epic, but  how do I get the witches to make the potion that's right for me?  That was wild last night.  Savage is gone. Kelley had to have some type of clue.  She must have known something.  You've got to be dang lucky.  Savage going home screws me. I had another man that nobody really liked that  I knew was a shield for me. But even though I trust Stephen and I have one  idol to protect me, I need two idols because they're coming after me. I got  the look. I got to bust my behind again. Like, oh, my God.  We have to go find an idol.  I know.  What about over here?  I'm trying to find a way the stand out.  Yeah.  Got the find that hidden immunity idol. Now people are really going, okay, Joe's  won two immunities. He's got to go. He lose, he's got to go. I spent 30  minutes today looking for the hidden immunity idol. That's going to be  crucial to my survival. Just don't know where it is.  Right in here?  I want to be alone. Do you mind just going, ten minutes. I'll be done in ten  minutes. I promise. All right.  I run enter Joe looking for an idol. He knows that he's in trouble, and he's  nervous. And I love it.  I just caught Joe looking for the idol desperately. Swear to God.  Over there?  Over there by the tree mail.  Duh. It's like, there is a group of eight that's voting together supposedly.  But there's paranoia within the eight, which is great for me. Like I am so  hoping that people are finally ready to get this game started. My lord,  please let's have a big my lord, please let's have a big move at the next  tribal. Move at the next tribal.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to today's reward  challenge in.  Yes.  Jeff: For today's challenge you'll be divided into two teams of five. On my  dwork you'll use Wooden polls to build a staircase. You then make your way  through a maze and down a slide. One person will then navigate a key through  a rope obstacle. He'll then use that key to open a chest. Two tribe members  will use the pieces inside that chest to solve a puzzle that will reveal  three numbers to a combination. First team to get their combination solved  and their flag raised wins reward. Want to know what you're playing for?  Yes.  Jeff: The winning five will be taken from her to our "Survivor"  spa. You'll start with the first shower you've had in 22 days.  Oh, my goodness.  Jeff: You'll then have a traditional cambodian massage, increase your blood  circulation, repair those beat-up muscles. Then you will eat spa food,  sandwich, salads, desserts. You'll run back to camp rejuvenated, refreshed  and well fed. This challenge first ran in brains versus brawn versus beauty.  Tash and Spencer were in the game on the same tribe. Spencer did the puzzle.  They lost. Another big second chance opportunity. All right. We'll this a  schoolyard pick, which means one person will not participate. Let's do it.  All right. We have our two teams. Tasha was a captain. She selected Fishbach,  Spencer, Joe and Ciera. Wiglesworth was a captain. She selected Keith,  wentworth, Kimmi and Jeremy. Abi was not selected. She will have no shot at  reward. Here we go, Survivors ready? Go! The first goal is to build a  staircase, which will take you to the top of the maze. The only problem is  the length of the pole does not necessarily correspond with the position it  will have because each of the slots are at a different depth. So you might  have a short post that goes toward the end and a listening post that goes  toward the front. That's where you have to work together and these posts are  very heavy. You will notice a gradual incline. If you don't notice it moving  gradually to the top, you're not right. You'll know when you're making  progress. It will look like you can step from one post to another.  Yep, yep.  Jeff: Purple starting to get some momentum now. They're starting to figure it  out. Green still chaotic over there, making very little progress. Purple now  starting to pull ahead. They've got another one right. Is this it? Yes!  They've got it. Head on. Purple now out to an early lead. Make your way  through the maze.  This is wrong, to think.  Jeff: Green still trying to get something going. Purple pulling ahead. Joe  heading down. Big lead right now for purple. Green still working with their  post.  Come on, Fishbach. This is why you're out here. Spencer now heads out. One  person. Joe going the start working that key through the rope obstacle. Once  you're through everybody goes through. Green is nowhere close to getting  their posts in order. Joe almost through, extending the lead. Go, everybody!  Huge lead advantage for purple right now.  No!  Jeff: Green may never catch up. Two people now on the puzzle for purple. It's  Spencer and Ciera while green is absolutely nowhere.  Where we going with this? This might be one of the biggest blowouts in "Survivor"  history. Spencer looking for redemption. He took the puzzle on the first time  he played this challenge and lost.  This is damn embarrassing.  Yeah, it is.  Jeff: Absolute disaster for the green tribe. Five people, nine posts and they  can't get it. Spencer and Ciera a lot of time to look together. You're  looking for three numbers that will help you solve that combination and win  that reward. Ciera with another piece. The green team is still working on  their posts. And they finally have it. Let's go. Spencer and Ciera now  slowing down. They made a lot of quick progress. Jeremy is down with a big,  hard fall. Wiglesworth takes a fall. Here comes Kimmi, wentworth.  Oh, my gosh, that hurt.  Jeff: And Keith. One person. It's going to be Jeremy looping that key through  the rope obstacle. Can he do it quickly?  Let's go. Let's go.  Jeff: They have the tree numbers. Do they have them in the right order? Is  that correct? The numbers in the puzzle have to match the numbers on the  combination. If not you have to switch it.  Go, two, go, go.  Jeff: Jeremy through. For the win, do they have it? Yes! Reward and  redemption for Spencer and Tasha with a nice reward at the Survivor spa. Nice  reward. You'll be taken to the "Survivor" spa. Should be a  beautiful afternoon. Grab your stuff, head out and enjoy.  Thank you, Jeff.  Jeff: Wentworth, Kimmi, Abi, Wiglesworth, Jeremy, Keith, guys, have nothing  for you. Grab your stuff and head back to camp.  We weren't even close. It was embarrassing. This whole game is a waste of a day.  This is a bad one. Last night was bad. Savage went home. Today is bad. It  goes up and down. It goes up and down. Today's down. Today's down.  Oh, my God.  Oh, my God.  Wow.  Oh, wow.  Oh, my God.  We had an amazing reward, massage, a fresh shower.  Cheers to good friends.  Blowout.  Awesome reward.  Food in this game so valuable. It keeps your mind right, keeps your body  right.  This is just happiness on the table.  Going into an immunity challenge, it's a competitive edge over everyone else.  We have a little more in the tank.  Oh, my God, these rolls are great.  There is definitely strategy going into reward. It gives you a little more  alone time with a different group of people that maybe you wouldn't get in  camp.  Are we talking strategy at all or are we talking food only? Because obviously  I’m clearly on the outs, so it's not like I can really say, you know, I don't  have anybody, you know, my closest person was Kass.  As the game moves on, you have fewer and fewer votes, and you need to use  every one of those votes strategically. And Abi and Ciera are working harder  than the dominant alliance because they're desperate, so those are the ones  who deserve to be here.  I'm just going to say it because I’m queen of just saying things. I know a  few of you are very close with Jeremy, but I promise to God, you go to the  end with Jeremy, you don't win.  In this season of Survivor, everyone sees the hierarchy and everyone wants to  flip it on its head. So to play this old school game where we're in an  alliance of five and that five has a four within it and a three within it and  a two within it, it's just not going to hold. It's going to getdy disfled.  What do you think about wiggles?  She has the first season. She's been very smart.  Yes.  Her social Ability, she talks to everyone.  Yeah, that's true.  No one dislikes wiggles.  I think there's voting blocs that make sense, and the next day that could be  completely out the window. I think this is moving much faster and very  different than the game has ever in the past.  Okay. So we'll save two big clams for tomorrow.  I'm pissed off this we lost, and not that we just lost but we lost by so  much. We got crushed. But with only five other people, they're cooking and  talking and everything. They're going to let me go and leave me alone, and I went  and looked for the idol. I wanted to check tree mail. An I’m digging around  tree mail and everything, and nothing around there. And the first idol I got  was in a tree under leaves, so I was like, there's a huge tree at tree mail.  Oh, my God. Oh, my God. When I turned around, like it was just staring at me.  This is so crazy. Not again, man. Not a freaking again. I've got to be  inconspicuous. Tonight after everyone else lies down to go to sleep, make  your move and follow the map and look for the lantern. You will find the  security you seek. So it's like the same trail we did for the merge. I had a  bad day today, but things are looking up. Oh, I can't wait. Oh, I can't wait.  I’m so stoked right now. I’m so stoked right now.  As soon as the moon goes down, the team that won came back from their spa  treatment. Everybody is usually in bed ready for bed. I thought, this will be  so easy. I'll just get up. They're not going to be watching me.  You know, you come on down. You know, go... So I’m like, this is ridiculous.  Everybody is by the fire, hanging out, like no one ever, they never ever do  this. It was crazy.  Don't stay up all night now. Finally I’m just like I got to go to the  bathroom. That food hit my stomach. Then I made a dash for it. I took off. It  was partisanship black. There's rock, there's trees. I don't know what's out  there. There's snakes and everything. And I’m just smacking branches out of  my face. From a distance I see a little glow. So I kind of took off after it.  Whoa baby. Look at that thing. This is what I’m talking about. Idols this  season, there's no two idols that look the same. And hacking from the lantern  was this beautiful thing. We got another piece. It took me two years, but now  I got two idols, two hidden idols. Two idol, all the more aggressive, that's  me. This is an idol. This is val's idol. This one is val's idol. The other  one is val's idol. This is a beautiful thing. I love it! Val is my wife. Val  is my best friend. I can't keep it bottled up anymore. I’m doing it all for  her. I just want to make her life a little easier. I want to make life  easier. And I want to make my next child's life a little easier. Like I don't  even know if it's a by or a girl, and that's been bothering me a little bit.  Like I know people are after me, and I got to figure out when I can use these  idols because I got to use them at the right time. I just want val to win. I just  want val to win. She deserves it more than me, you know? You know? Man. Man.  Nothing has changed with you and I as far as I’m concerned.  Okay. Good.  Joe is super close. There's a sister-brother thing happening, there  aunt-nephew, some sort of relationship there that seems to be developing, and  i've been nervous about that.  I trust Kimmi. I trust you. I trust Keith. I don't trust the three girls.  No.  They have a sort of shared arrogance about how awesome they are. I’m tired of  the way the game is going. There are huge threats in this game and everyone  is too timid to make a move, but my second chance is about having a game of  my own that I can point to and say, these are the moves I made, so I want to  build something with the three witches, because they're on the bottom, and  they're desperate to make a move.  I don't know if we all trust each other. Probably we don't trust each other,  nor should we. I don't know...  Obviously I’m still up for anything honestly at this point in the game.  I would work with you guys, but I’m not willing to tell you what to do.  In order to save our own asses, we'll write down whatever you tell us to  white down. Who would your big move be, Joe?  Everyone wants Joe out, right?  Eventually. I feel like for...  The other power players are...  He has relationships with everyone. He's nice to everyone.  But us.  I'd get rid of wiggles.  Abi and Kelly wentworth and myself are very clearly on the bottom. But Kelly  webt worth pulls out a hidden immunity idol, now people are scrambled,  they're coming to us and they want to talk. It's funny. Where have you been  the last 20 games.  It's a complicated game.  I think it's so dumb the way things have been going. It's so dumb. We could  truly shift the game.  I'm down.  I'm down.  Anchor: Come on in, guys.  Anchor: Come on in, guys.  Anchor:.  Jeff: You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yeah.  Jeff: First things first. Joe, I’m going the take it back again. Once again  immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're going to balance  on triangular platforms in the water with your feet perched on very narrow  footholds at regular intervals. You will move up, making it more difficult.  If you fall, you are out. Last person left standing wins immunity, guaranteed  a one in ten shot at winning this game. Losers, tribal council, somebody will  become the third member of the jury. We've run this challenge before. The  last time we ran it, brains, brawn beauty. Once again Spencer and Tasha  participated. Beth loves. Big second chance opportunity. We'll draw for spots  and head out to the water. It is pouring, providing another obstacle to an  already difficult challenge. Everybody get into your first spot. Here we go.  Hands cannot touch. Butt cannot touch. You fall in you're out. I'll give you  a few seconds here to get your sense of balance an then i'll count you in.  Five, four, three, two, one. This challenge is on. Everybody settled in  nicely now. The rain continues to pour down. We'll stay here for ten minutes,  and then we'll move up. It will become more difficult. Keith, how you doing?  I wish I had about a 16 size foot. Probably help a little bit.  Jeff: Everybody looking very good. You're on day 24 of "Survivor: Second  chance," greatest adventure game ever created. It's a complicated game,  and your success in this game is typically dependent on your Ability to make  the right decision at the right time. I’m going to give you a chance to  change your situation in this game right now. But it will require an instant  decision. First person to touch their buoy earns an advantage in the game,  but gives up their shot at immunity. Go. Spencer is in. Two people swimming  for their but we. Who will touch it first. Fishbach has it. Advantage in the  game for Fishbach. Spencer comes up short. Spencer comes up short. That was  that was now we play it out. Ten seconds left in this first round. We'll move  up one level. Here we go. Make your transition to the top. This is a live  transition. You can use your hands and your butt, whatever you want, but if  you fall in, you are still out. I'll count you in. Five, four, three, two,  one. Wentworth is in. She can't make the transition. Jeremy struggles. He's  in. Ciera's in. Kimmi's in. Tasha struggling. Tasha can't do it. Five people  could not make the transition, and we're down to four. Keith, Abi, Wiglesworth  and Joe all still with a shot at immunity. We'll stay here for 20 minutes. Joe  the only one struggling right now, but he's still up there, and that is all  that matters. Abi looks likes a statue right now. How you feeling, Abi?  I feel great. I can stay here all day.  Jeff: We're at the half-way section of this challenge. That's starting to  make the water move. Joe with a lot of movement. , but he continues to  recover. Wiglesworth looking like a statue. Abi very calm. Keith starting to  wobble. Keep your concentration. Loses his balance and has no shot at  recovery and we're down to three. Joe with more movement, but he's still up  there. Does not have to be pretty on does not have to be pretty on "Survivor."  "Survivor." 15 seconds left in this round. After this we will go to  one foot. Abi as close to individual immunity as she's been this season. This  is a live transition. There is no touching. This is it. Go to one foot. Five,  four, three, two, one. Wiglesworth got to get it up. Kelly, you're out. You  were too late. Kelly took too long the make the transition. She's out. This  is it. No time limit now. Last person left up there wins the necklace. Nice  recovery by Abi. Joe is the only person to win individual immunity this  season. Joe with another nice save. Abi now starting to wobble.  My foot is cramping.  Jeff: Fatigue really setting in. Muscles starting to cramp. Can she do it.  Yes, I can.  Jeff: This is what it's all about right here. It is pouring. Balancing on one  foot for immunity... Joe struggling to stay in this. Abi holding one of her  feet, trying to release the tension in that muscle. No, Abi goes in. Joe wins  his third individual immunity. Joe, come on over.  Good job, Joe. [applause]  Jeff: Third time in this game Joe safe tonight at tribal council. Guaranteed  a one in ten shot at winning this game. One other piece of business, Fishbach,  took a shot at an advantage, that is it.  Thank you very much.  Jeff: It's yours to open in private. Everybody else, someone going home  tonight. Good job at tribal.  It was amazing. Jeff Probst gave me this. It isn't immunity, but it's the  next best thing. But tonight, this is happening, I don't care how, but it's  happening. Happening. Maybe I break up my advantage. Maybe I break up my  advantage.  Good job, Joe.  Good job.  Good job, Stephen.  Yeah.  Nobody can win from Joe.  Yeah.  He's going to be winning every immunity forever.  Joe won immunity, which is fine, because I really need the witch's to start  getting voted out because I don't want them getting too much power.  We have eight votes.  We have to do wentworth five, Ciera three and let the three witches this  whatever the heck they want to do.  Tribal council coming up, and some of the larger alliance are plotting to  vote out wentworth or Ciera, but we're going to split votes.  We really want wentworth to go home.  We'll just do guys.  How many guys do we have?  Five.  Five guys and three girls.  All right.  Right now we want wentworth to go home. She's really savvy. She's already  played an idol. She's building her resume, and she needs to go.  I won this mystery advantage at the immunity challenge today.  Your swift decisions give you the right to steal a look at tribal council.  This is tremendous. This is a game changer. This is amazing. This is like...  This is beyond my wildest dreams.  Wait until it is your turn the vote, and announce to Jeff you wish to use  your advantage. You will then select one tribe member whose vote you will  steal. This person will not cast a vote and instead you will cast a second  vote. In Survivor no collar, blue collar, white collar, dan won the right to  cast another vote, but balancing able to steal someone's vote can shift the  entire power dynamic of the game. Wow, I am in an insanely powerful position,  unless I screw it up, but I’m not going to use it tonight. I know that I’m safe.  That would be a waste tonight. Tonight I can fix with my wits and hustle, but  this is like a game-winning advantage.  Wiglesworth, are you into this?  I just think someone else would do it.  I can definitely do it. I need one other person.  Yeah, I’m totally down with it.  I feel like if this blindside tonight works and Wiglesworth goes home, there  are new people who are willing to work with me, so I feel like much more  confident going forward in this game. If it works. I just hope I don't go  home tonight.  Shake it up a little bit.  The three of us vote Wiglesworth. She's gone. Let me just talk through like  how that would work if that happened. Where does that leave us?  Well, first of all it leaves us with six with the girls. It leaves us in a  great position. Like we can't keep playing from the bottom like this. Let's  shift the game. Taking out Wiglesworth shifts the whole game.  Yes, right here with three of us, that's an 11-person tribe.  I don't want to make an alliance with a people on the bottom and get picked off.  I want to build a voting bloc. Every tribal.  I would be stoked if Wiglesworth were removed from the game right now, but  to... Basically you're saying the way we make it happen is trust three people  that we can't trust.  Uh-huh.  Would I love to take control of the game? Yes. Can I make it happen in a way  that doesn'try to my -- that doesn't destroy my game? I've never been more  confused about any economics, statistics problem than I am this one.  How confident are you that Abi and wentworth want Wiglesworth gone? You sure  they're down?  Yes.  We're all set with taking out one of three witches. I’m hesitant with Stephen.  Stephen's running around. Everyone is trying to play their own game. I want  everyone to be on the same page. The person I trust most is Stephen. You're  asking me to trust three girls that want nothing to do with me.  I'm asking you to trust the girls, their momentarily... It's a game of voting  blocs. It's not a game of long-term alliances.  I'm trying to will be down my alliance and trying to work these other voting  blocs.  Wiglesworth.  Yep, sure does.  If we take Wiglesworth away, there will be four people that will come back to  camp blindsided, Kimmi, Tasha, Keith, Joe, you know, I don't want to have to  worry. And I want the make the right decision and the right move. I don't  want to just jump ship I don't want to just jump ship and do it so fast. And  do it so fast.  Jeff: We now bring in the members of our jury. Kass and Savage voted out in  the last tribal council. Fishbach, you look like you're freezing.  I am freezing. It's really cold. It's hard to even think straight today.  Jeff: Keith, this is part of the game you sort of want because it makes it so  big, and yet it really takes a toll on you.  It does, Jeff. I’m going on two hours of sleep over the last 36 hours. We  haven't had any food. It's hard to concentrate right now because I’m not  thinking straight.  Anchor: Yeah, it's real.  We know.  Jeff: Wentworth, you received the majority of the votes at your last tribal.  If not for the votes, you would be sitting over there and Savage would be  here.  I'm hoping me playing the idol opened people's eyes and people are willing to  make a move at tribal.  Jeff: Ciera, if the game is as fluid as it appears to be, being on the bottom  of one tribal means absolutely nothing the next tribal.  Absolutely. Anything can happen. And we saw Kelley throw out an idol. Now I think  it scared people a little bit. And it's pretty much my or get played at this  point, you know?  Jeff: Joe, big statement: Play or get played.  Yeah. If you think someone is coming after you, it's kind of like you got to  go get 'em first, like Ciera is saying, get or get got.  Jeff: Jeremy, for all the talk about fluidity, last vote nine people were  together.  With nine people, that's a huge alliance, and I think even more than that,  this game is about voting blocs. A few people are in one voting bloc. A few  are in another. I’m sticking trying to figure it out myself.  Jeff: Spencer, do you agree with Jeremy's assessment, there are factions of  people working together, but it doesn't mean it will last.  Yeah, I do.  However, that doesn't mean you don't build trust, and that doesn't mean that  trust doesn't just disappear when you do vote.  Jeff: Wiglesworth, Spencer just said it it really clearly, the volt  ultimately tells the truth.  Absolutely.  Jeff: What do you hope happens tonight?  I hope everybody does what they say they're going to do.  Jeff: How confident are you?  I'm pretty confident.  Jeff: Fishbach, do you think we are in the midst of an evolution of the game?  Because nobody has ever talked about this type of strategy.  I absolutely think the game is evolving. Alliance aren't clear-cut and  defined. You have to give your word to people, and sometimes you may need to  be flexible. And sometimes they may need to be flexible with you.  Still, Jeff, even with the voting bloc, you need those two or three people  you trust because at the end of the day, the voting bloc with the strongest  alliance will dominate this game.  Jeff: Who here is truly worried right now, heartbeating, that it might be  them tonight. So Abi, Tasha, Fishbach, Spencer, wentworth, Ciera. Spencer,  half the group is truly concerned.  Yeah, and half the group is bold enough to admit that in front of their  allies and in front of the people with whom they have trust.  Jeff: All right. Somebody is about to go home. It is time to vote. Abi,  you're up.  I'm voting for you because it's part of the plan. It's part of the plan. I hope  it works. I hope it works. I hope it works.  Sorry, girl.  Sorry, girl.  There's only room for one  there's only room for one Kelly on this island. Kelly on this island.  Jeff: I'll go tally the  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. Votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol  and you want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes  are read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Ciera.  Wentworth. Wiglesworth. Ciera. Wentworth. Wiglesworth. We're tied. Two votes Wiglesworth,  two votes Ciera, two votes wentworth. That's three votes Ciera. Wiglesworth.  That's three votes Wiglesworth. Wiglesworth. Four votes Wiglesworth, three  votes Ciera, two votes wentworth. Ninth person voted out and the third member  of our jury, Wiglesworth. You need to bring me your torch. Kelly, the tribe  has spoken. Time for you to go. Well, tonight's tribal would seem to confirm  that an evolution is happening in the game play of "Survivor." I can't  wait to see where it goes. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Try to get  warm. Try to get warm. Good night. Good night. Captioning funded by cbs and  ford. And ford. We go further, so you can. We go further, so you can.  Captioned by media access group at wgbh media access group at wgbh  access.wgbh.org access.wgbh.org stay tuned for scenes from our stay tuned for  scenes from our next episode. Next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," the rain is relentless.  People ask me if "Survivor" is fun, "Survivor" ain't fun.  Going on a cruise is fun.  Jeff: And forces a decision that could change the game. Make your decision.  Put you palm out. Everybody reveal.  I didn't hope to go out this early. I know I was voted out because I’m a  threat. I mean, I figured the three girls were going to vote for me. It's the  two other votes that I kind of suspect. I hope it wasn't Joe. It's a much  different game this time than it was the last time. It's not really my style.  It's not really my style. So they can have at it.