<br/>jeff: Previously on "Survivor"... After a meeting, Jason, Scot and  Tai were on the bottom.  It's time to come out.  Meaghan: Julia saw it as a perfect opportunity to get further in the game.  Getting rid of you guys would be a dumb move on my part.  Jeff: But everyone noticed Julia was playing both sides.  Julia wants to ride the middle to the end.  Jeff: At tribal council, Debbie exposed the plan in front of Julia.  Debbie completely trusts jewela. That scares me.  Jeff: And it put a target on Debbie's back.  Do I have to cut Debbie loose? I’m ready.  Jeff: At tribal council...  I've got an idol. The idol's got a brother.  Jeff: Jason, Scot and Tai showed off their idols.  I'm giving my idol to Tai.  Jeff: And were prepared to play the super idol, which gave the majority more  reason to vote out one of their own. Debbie, the tribe has spoken. Eight are  left. Who will be voted out tonight?  That was beautiful. The only way it would have been better if Cydney had gone  home, but they ate one of their own. It's beautiful. Tribal was exciting. The  boys are happy because none of us went home, none of us used our idols, so we  think tribal went very well.  I am giving your idol back.  I will accept it and I thank you so much.  Psychological operation. It worked. And all we did was hide a machete and an  ax and put a fire out. And they couldn't handle it. We caused chaos. It  fractured them, and it made them get raid of their own. We may not have  gotten the person home that we wanted, but all three of us stayed. We got Julia  on our side, and we still have the super idol. That's a win in my book.  I'm beyond good. We're back together. That's a start.  I would love to get camp life back together. It's all about mending  relationships again. I think we need to say, you know, olive branch is there.  You got to start somewhere.  We have to talk to Aubry and see what her... I want assurances.  I came into this game not wanting to be the gruff man kicking over the rice  and pouring water on the fire like I did, but I had to make a point that we  were the providers and they weren't going to eat and succeed without us.  We enjoy getting wood, getting the water, getting all this stuff. I want...  My real beef is with Cydney. She betrayed us for no reason, so we want Cydney  gone. If we feel like you're on board with that idea, everything will go as  normal.  Now we're being the bigger people. We're showing our maturity. We're showing  that we can come back in and be like nothing happened. Hopefully Cydney  continues to show everybody who she really is, which is brooding, petty,  small.  We want a happy camp.  Okay. It's a lot first thing in the morning. Scot was telling me camp life  will be normal if he gets what he wants. It was a soft, controlling move. It  was him telling me what he wants, and what I will get in return, but it was  served up with a birthday cake that was very sugary to make it seem a little  less come nearing.  I'm not going to demand anything from you right now. I don't need a promise.  I need you to think about it.  New york it's definite. There was in the a shot in hell I’m going to work  with them, but I’m willing to let them think i'll play along, and when it  comes time to get out Scot, I’m ready the fight, but it's a big, scary move.  Captioning funded by cbs and ford. We go further, so you can. [ theme song  playing]  jeff: Come on in, guys. [ theme song playing]  jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to today's reward  challenge?  Yeah.  Jeff: Very simple: For today's challenge, you'll place one foot at the end of  a balancing beam. At the other end, ceramic pots. When the pots drop, you're  out. Last person left standing wins reward. Want to know what you're playing  for?  Yep.  Jeff: Today it's something a little different. You have a choice. You can  choose to play for food in the form of a bacon cheeseburger, french fries,  cold beer and chocolate chip cookies for dessert. Or if you want to nourish  your soul, you can choose to play for love. These are the letters written by  the very people you are out here playing for. This could be just what you  need to get you through these last few days. Or if you feel you're in  trouble, you can choose to play for advantage. The specifics of the advantage  will remain a mystery. All you know is this will help you in the game. Here's  the twist: So you are all competing in the same challenge. You are only  competing against the people who choose the same reward. So it becomes a case  of what do I need versus what do I want versus what do I think everybody else  is going to choose. Give you a minute to choose your reward in secret and get  started. We have our matchups. Going for advantage in the game, it is Tai, Cydney  and Aubry. Choosing food, it is Scot versus Jason versus Michele. And  choosing love, it is Julia versus Joe. So all you have to do is beat the  people in your category. So we will have three winners in this challenge. All  right. Everybody place your foot on your beam. Gently. This challenge is on.  You can't touch the structure. It's all about balance, staying focused. Joe,  a little trouble out of the gate.  I'm shaky. I’m shaky.  Jeff: All Julia has to do is beat Joe to get those letters from home, and  that's it. Joe is out. Joe, take a spot on the bench. Julia, you're done. Julia  the first winner in this challenge, the love letter. You might want the wait  until you get back to camp. Now it is down to advantage between Tai, Cydney  and Aubry, and food between Scot, Jason and Michele. Lots of strategy in the  choices everybody made. If you don't think you can beat somebody, then go for  something that you think nobody else will choose. Jason struggling but gets  it back under control. A little bit of movement is okay, as long as you're in  criminal of it. Scot, a little bit of hesitation. He's out. No shot at food.  It's now down to Jason versus Michele for food. Don't start daydreaming. Stay  focused. If you lose your concentration for one moment, you're out. Those  pots will drop. Here comes the wind now. Big breeze. Aubry with some  movement. Jason all over the place now, but he's still in it. But he can't do  it. Jason is out. Michele wins food.  Congratulations.  Jeff: Have a seat, Michele. I'll bring it to you.  Thank you.  Jeff: We are down to our last three. Our last winner will be either Tai, Cydney  or Aubry going for advantage.  Enjoy.  I think I’m going with the cookie first.  Good job, Michele.  Jeff: Julia has won letters from home. Michele has won food. But this may be  the reward with the most long-term value. Tai, Cydney looking very good. Aubry  wavering again. This could be what you need to get to the end. You don't  know. A silly little challenge that could be worth $1 million. Cydney getting  a little higher. Aubry with a lot of movement. Out of nowhere Cydney drops.  Wow.  Jeff: Cydney has no shot at advantage. We are now down to Tai and Aubry.  Good job, Cydney.  Jeff: The last two people in this challenge going for advantage.  Jeff, I just want the prove it to myself.  Jeff: So this is not about the advantage?  This is about proving myself that this is a hard-ass game and I can do it.  Jeff: Do not lose your concentration. Whatever you're doing to keep control  over your body, keep doing it. Probably seems like you've been out here for a  long time. It has only been ten minutes. Tai with a little bit of movement. Aubry  with a little movement. Those thighs have to be burning. The whole idea of  dig deep. Now is the time to do it. Tai with a little movement. You have to  stay alert. Stay alert. Another nice save by Aubry. Tai struggling more. Here  comes that breeze again. Aubry fighting to stay in it. Aubry is out. Tai wins  individual reward in the form of advantage.  Good job, Aubry.  Jeff: Another big showdown this season. Tai, your advantage.  Thank you, jeff.  Jeff: Take it back to camp. Find a private spot, open it and read it. All  right, guys, grab your stuff. Head back to camp.  So Tai wins the advantage. That's the best thing that could have happened for  our little alliance, but most importantly, Cydney didn't win advantage. Cydney  didn't eat, and Cydney goes home.  Wow.  That was a huge burger.  I was trying to shove the food in my mouth, but I didn't want the make anyone  wait, so I was like, all right. It felt so good to beat Scot and Jason,  because I know they wanted that burger more than anything.  You guys need anything else while we're out?  I'm dying of thirst, but i'll eat this first.  It's a little nerve-racking that Tai won an advantage, because everybody  knows he has an idol. And it's scary.  The moat say go the tree mail. My idol right now is kind of out in the open.  It would be nice to have an advantage that was like hidden and no one would  know I have it. Just like anything, the more people know, the less power it  has. Oh, congratulations, you won yourself an extra vote. Wow. I open up the  box, and the box say you have an extra vote. Fantastic. An extra vote. That's  a lot of power, and I can play it any time until up to five people are left.  Yeah. I found an idol. I have an extra vote. And I’m scared of what's the  right thing to do. It's a rich man's problem, but I have to trust myself.  Otherwise I might go home with both of them in my pocket.  That was funny.  I've kind of gone on this roller coaster throughout this game. I’m kind of  figuring out how to get power, to getting power to losing power when I went  to brawn beach, coming back and having a love letter gives you that boost the  keep going because, you know, it's who you're playing for. Every day know  that you are in our hearts, so hang tight and be fierce because you know our  love runs so deep and it grows every day. And have the greatest  soul-searching experience of a lifetime. Oh, my God, I’m going the cry. Try  not the cry. But it keeps you going. And it was kind of a moment for me to  step back and reaLize that I’m here the play and the goal is to win. And to do  that, I have to make big moves. Coming out and saying that they have the  idols was so dumb.  Not the smartest thing.  Those idols cannot be around. And Tai got an advantage today.  That scares me.  That scares me, too.  Tai is definitely a threat at this point. So what I want to do is flush out  these idol, but also stay loyal to my alliance with Jason and Scot.  This is the thing, if we all vote Tai and Tai doesn't my an idol, Tai is out.  If he plays an idol, Cydney is gone because the three of them are going to  vote for Cydney. And then we have an idol flushed out.  Get that damn idol out. I think that's...  I think it's a good plan, because he'll get nervous and play it.  The three guys have two idols. That's a huge problem. And we got to flush out  the idols and we got to get rid of the guys, one or the other.  We have to make sure Tai does not win immunity.  That seems like a good way to get them all out of the game.  Julia wants to throw all the votes at Tai at next tribal and make hour the  idol goes. Julia is due police us the, but at the same time, she's playing a  good game. I can respect that. But I don't know that I want her next to me.  She's super shady, and people like Michele don't see through it. I think Julia  is going to wait until the numbers are perfect and she'll take out the girls.  If I have to turn on her, I’m not afraid to get my hands dirty.  Yeah.  I sat crying in the grass here saying, I don't know if I could still play  this game.  I think that every night when I go to sleep. Everybody is playing better than  me. What am I doing.  Out here, I really struggle with people taking advantage of other people, all  the lying, all the cheating. I keep telling myself, it's a game. But it seems  really difficult for me to do that.  It's the heart and the brain constantly fighting, all day long, in this game.  And sometimes it's hard to know when to trust the brain and when to trust the  heart and when to stop thinking.  My heart say, I like that girl Aubry a lot. Out here, most people I don't  have much in common with, but she has a cerTain energy that I really like.  We're going to have to talk at some point because cerTain girls want to push  the vote to try to get idols out.  Uh-huh.  I want to work with you, and I want to show you that you can trust me.  Okay.  That I could have your back on this.  I went out on a limb talking to Tai. But I wanted Tai to know that Julia's  gunning for him, and I am abalternative to the way Jason and Scot and Julia  are playing this game. So maybe we can make it work and I can tell you what's  going on.  I'm excited Aubry is on my side. I think she's a good contribution to the  alliance. Together we could be a great partnership. I think Scot and Jason  are going the like it. If that's the case, then everything is beautiful. So  this morning Aubry say some girls want your idol gone, and she thinks she's  open if we want to join forces. And she said, well, I am a free agent. I’m free,  open to any suggestions if you want to talk.  How about this idea: At next tribal we take Aubry out.  This one?  The next one.  Seems like I have no say in our alliance. I’m not part of the discussion. I always  participate, but seems like they're so forceful.  The smartest option is to get Aubry out.  I say we do it.  Break her and Joe up. Then we have all the power. The downside is we have to  keep Cydney around, which I hate doing. As much as I hate it, it's the last  thing they'll expect because they know we want Cydney out so bad.  I like it.  Those two boys are running the show. That's why I’m feeling a bit like an  outsider. And I don't know what to do?  She won't suspect it. We blindside her, bam, Aubry goes home. This plan works  so much better than just going blindly at Cydney because it was an emotional  decision. As long as Tai and Jason and myself remain faithful, which I don't  see why we wouldn't, we have a pretty good path to get to the final three, so  we just need to make sure Aubry doesn't win immunity.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to today's immunity  challenge?  Yes, sir.  Jeff: First things first. Julia, take back the necklace. Thank you. Once  again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're going to  stretch your arms out and use your fingertips to press against two wooden  disks. Attached to the disks, ceramic pots. The pots drop, you're out. Last  person left standing wins immunity, guaranteed a one in seven shot at winning  this game. Losers tribal council, where after 27 days somebody will become  the fourth member of our jury. Take your spots. We'll get started. All right.  Everybody is in position. And this challenge is on. It is designed to make  your fingers feel numb fairly quickly. You have just enough that you can keep  pressure on the disks but not so much that you can just put your entire palm  or your fist up against there. When your shoulders and your arms start the  wear out, you'll drop. Joe standing straight, trying the hold strong. You can  feel the pain. Joe drops. Joe is the first person out of this challenge. Spot  on the bench. Vulnerable tonight at tribal council. We are now down to seven.  One of the greatest feelings in this game is to walk into tribal knowing, I can't  be voted out. This could be the challenge that saves you or dooms you. By now  you're definitely feeling it in your shoulders. Your fingertips are starting  to go numb if they haven't already. People changing positions, standing up  straight, bending over, leakinged to right. Aubry doing some sort of 50s  dance craze. Whatever it takes to keep that body alive and that blood moving,  that's what you want to do. Julia slips but a nice recovery. She gets it back  in play. Scot drops. Scot is out of the challenge, and we are down to six. Julia's  now out.  My thumbs.  Jeff: We're down to five. Everybody starting to look at everybody else now. A  sure sign that the pain is there. Wondering, is anybody else hurting. Yeah,  they are. Tai slipping with his left disk a little bit. Now Tai slipping on  the other side. Tai dangerously close to losing one or both pots. He's on the  edge right now. Can he get it back. Tai is out. Tai has no shot at immunity.  Take a spot on the bench. We are down to four. Michele fighting to stay in  this. Michele cannot hang on any longer. Michele is out. No shot at immunity.  We're down to three. One brain, two brawn, one necklace. Everybody's  fingertips are sufficiently gone at this point. Another hot, muggy day. Jason  continues to fight. You can feel your muscles starting to give out. Cydney  can't hang on. Cydney is out. And we are down to two. It is now Aubry, an original  brain member, versus Jason, an original brawn member.  I'm not backing down.  Neither am i, pal.  Jeff: Does that get you a little, Aubry, when Jason says, I’m not going  anywhere?  Not at all. Where else would I expect him to go? This guy's been through  everything. Why would he not get through this? Why would he not get through  this?  Jeff: Super impressed. You guys have been digging for a long time. Aubry with  a little slip. Aubry with a nice recovery. But her hands are now in a tough  spot. Can she get it back up? She does.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Another nice save by Aubry.  Damn, Aubry.  Jeff: This has been a battle. You've got to dig deep right now. This is it.  27 days. You do not want to go home tonight because you couldn't keep your  arms up just one more second. Aubry slipping. Both disks moving. Now it's Jason  that's moving. Keep fighting! You got to dig! And more slipping.  Yes!  Jeff: Aubry drops. Jason wins individual immunity, safe tonight at tribal  council. Will live to see day 28 in a huge challenge.  Nice job both of you.  Good job, Jason.  Nice.  Jeff: Jason, come on over. Jason, safe tonight at tribal council. Cannot be  voted out of this game. As for the rest of you, after 27, and I know how  tough these days have been, somebody will be voted out tonight and become the  fourth member of our jury. It will not be you. Congratulations. Grab your  stuff, head back to camp, see you tonight at tribal.  Thankfully we beat Aubry, and winning immunity, it lets us play our idol as a  super idol, so Scot, Tai and i, no matter what happens, us three are safe.  And from here on out we're unstoppable.  That was amazing.  Thank you very much.  You were so stable. It was incredible.  It was amazing.  I don't know what happened? I could not move that.  It's okay. We got it.  We got it.  The whole thing, one of us had to. That was impressive. She was a hell of an  opponent on that one.  Yeah.  She's gone.  It went better than I ever could have dreamed. We went there knowing we  couldn't let Aubry win immunity. Finally Cydney went down and it was between Aubry  and i, and I won. And that's huge.  You and Scot will not leave tonight and I am not either. We have a super  idol. We're staying.  Yeah.  I have the immunity necklace and we have two hidden immunity idols, which combine  become the super idol. What's so great about the super idol is we can play it  after the vote is read. And no one but the three of us knows that. So Aubry's  going home, and there's nothing she can do.  What are you guys thinking?  Welsh -- well, everyone wants to get rid of Tai's idol.  Jewelback our little double agent, is coming over and telling us the girls  are voting for Tai, and that's fine. We'll just play the super id.l. And save  him, but what they don't know is we're going after Aubry. That's a strategic  move, because she's very smart, she's very savvy, plus she's tough. And  that's another reason for her to go, because she is such a threat in the  challenges.  You're kind of playing both sides, which we understand, but you come with us  and then we have the numbers, we know we can't beat Tai either, so we  eventually have to blindside him.  When he doesn't win an immunity.  And then once that happen, we're going final three.  Yeah.  I'm stoked right now. The girls and myself are going to vote for Tai and  flush his idol. And Scot and Jason are aren't really too worried about that  because at some point they want Tai gone anyway. They'd rather go to the  final three with me, and that would be awesome because they have ruined  relationships with almost every single person out here, and that's the kind  of people you want to stick with at the end of this game.  We need to split up Scot and Jason, which are the power players right now.  I'm down for it.  I'm definitely thinking Scot.  With the girl, the guys are just too damn powerful. We have to find a way the  get one of them out. I think we should try the blind side Scot because he's  just so confident it's ridiculous. He's definitely gotten a lot cocker since  he found the idol with Jason. I’m like, simmer down, you would not have that  without me, so shut up.  We need to find a crack somehow.  He and I have been like people on connections in craigslist all game.  At this point the guys are in a really strong position, but I feel like I have  some kind of connection with Tai. I think Tai is someone who wants to be true  to himself. And Tai's natural state is not with Jason and Scot. And I think  he's smart enough to know that he can't be that incongruent at the end of the  day.  Whatever you say I’m down for.  Okay.  They don't want me to talk to you at all because they want us to vote five at  you, but I don't want you to go. I want to take out Scot. I know Cydney is  fully on board. I know that Joe would be fully on board. I’m working.  I'm very torn about this vote. The big thing is where it's going to put me at  the end.  Cydney thinks we should stick with our people.  But Scot and Jason, I’m going to break up that duo.  Who do you want it to be? What's better for you?  My heart says, you know, i'd like to work with Aubry, and my instinct is to  trust her, but my brain is telling me the stay with the boys because they've  pissed off a lot of people, and if the three of us go to the final three,  maybe I have a good chance at beating them.  I'm relying on you putting yourself out there. I want you to be comfortable.  This is your game. You're making a big move. And I’m telling you, you have  three people behind you. I’m positive.  Okay. Okay. If I figure something out, I will let you know.  This is a huge vote. And Tai holds all of the keys in this game. But I have  no idea what he's going to do.  We're voting for Scot?  I'm good. I’m voting for Scot.  We know who we're voting for.  No question. Aubry.  They're probably going to vote you. Wait until the vote is read, and then whoever  is voted out, bam, super idol.  Here we go.  Here you go, bud.  If anything happens you play it, if not we give it back.  At this point I truly don't know which way I’m leaning, but I’m in the here  the make good friends. I’m here to win that $1 million. So I just have to  figure out what's best for me, and I have to commit to it, because after that  there's no turning back. To commit to it, because after that there's no  turning back.  Sarah: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Neal, Nick. And Debbie  voted out at the last tribal council. Michele, a lot went down last tribal.  It was a pretty big display of idol power from Jason, Tai and Scot.  Yeah, they made a big show of it, and you never know whose hand those idols  are going the lie inch it's nerve-racking.  Jeff: Scot, you're a former athlete. You know what happens when you make a  statement in the press, you are encouraging your teammates, but you're also  saying to the opponent, bring it.  It was almost a little bit of trash talking. And we're pretty much doing the  same thing tonight. We're not going anywhere.  Jeff: Jason, you're nodding. Just loving this.  I love it. You know, we put up some psychological warfare. It worked. It  broke Debbie unfortunately, and new they have to figure out which one of  their tone cut again because they can't cut us. It's either they decide or we  decide.  Jeff: Aubry, it's got to be a little frustrating to hear, that even though  you high appreciate it as fan.  I mean, with these three it's like you keep running into a wall, trying to  figure out what the heck is going to happen, and then you don't know.  We tried to tell you what was happening. We didn't get a response. We asked  you for a deal, and you...  Everyone here should know exactly what we're doing, because we've never hid  anything.  No, we say we're going to do something, and we do it.  Jeff: Jillian, a little unnerving when the three of them say, I’m telling  you, it's one of the five of you.  Of course. The only person who is truly safe here is Jason, but the fact that  all these idols were brought to everyone's attention has made everyone  really, really want the play.  Jeff: Cydney, a little nervous could be you?  Tonight I’m definitely nervous. Jason and Scot are a little salty that I left  them and went to another ship.  Jeff: So Cydney, what do you do today? You don't want it to be you. You're 27  days. You're close.  Yeah. Since we are this close, everybody needs to take into account, who is  their west -- best bet to go in challenges. I haven't made any challenges.  She makes a valid point, but she's also forgot, the people that have been  women in the challenges aren't going home tonight.  Jeff: You're talking about you and Tai.  Bing york and neither is Scot.  Jeff: Tai, what's going on in your mind, because you seem less talkative  tonight. Are you uncomfortable with the boasting?  That's not what I do in my personal life, but this is war. And I’m committed  to these guys. And I got to do everything to advance my game.  He has stepped up for our alliance time and time again.  Jeff: Aubry, talk about the challenge today. You put up a massive effort  against Jason. Was that a way of saying, I’m not just a brain?  I think it was, jeff. Like when again in my life am I going to have an nba  player on one side, a kick-as veteran on the other who is staring me down and  spitting and I’m spitting back at him like a deranged llama. It's never going  to happen again. We were put enter a group, brains, brawn and beauty, but I think  that only scratches the surface of who all of these people are. And it was  just a moment today to be standing up there with a brawn and then there was  just that... It's over.  But today wasn't new. She's been giving great effort in every facet of the  game thus far.  She's been kicking butt the entire time she's been here. This there's as much  brawn in her as there is in me.  Jeff: Michele, it's amazing how many of these challenges are a metaphor for  the game. You had it and then it's over.  Yeah. Everything in this game can happen in a moment, and you never know when  that moment is, but you better be on the right side of the moment when it  happens.  Them saying since we walked in here, if you caught wind of what's going on,  it's smarter to be on the right side of this. So might as well jump on board  the train, otherwise the world's going to be dictated for you.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Michele, you're up.  This is only because you are such a great competitor.  This is only because you are such a great competitor.  Please, please, please, please, please, please, please.  Please, please, please, please, please, please, please.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want the play it, now would be the time to do so. Now would be the time to do  so.  Okay. Once the votes are read, the decision is final, person voted out will  be asked the leave the tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes.  First vote, Tai. Aubry. Scot. Tai. Two votes Tai. Aubry. Two votes Tai, two  votes Aubry. One vote Scot. Scot. Two votes Scot. Scot. That's three voalts Scot,  two votes Tai, two votes Aubry. One vote left. Ninth person voted out and  fourth member of our jury, Scot. Ninth person voted out and fourth member of  our jury, Scot.  No? Wow. Scott, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Well, once again,  just when you think you're safe, oop, there goes another blind side. 12 days  left, should make for a very interesting finish. Grab your torches. Head back  to camp. Good night. Captioning funded by cbs captioned by media access group  at wgbh access.wgbh.org stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," after betraying Jason, Tai's on top  of the world.  I have power now.  But Jason and Julia are out for blood.  This game is designed to be vicious.  It's all about numbers.  Tai made me angry.  Really I just want revenge right now.  Jason won immunity and he said, here, take this. I trust you. Obviously we  couldn't trust Tai so the plan didn't work, so that's a bad feeling for me  because i've got an idol in my pocket that belongs to Jason and it should be  with him, but it's a good play by Tai. And I got blindsided. And I’m out.