<br/>jeff: These 18 strangers have volunteered to be marooned and left to fend for  themselves for the next 39 days. They're cruising through the waters of Kaoh  Rong in southeast asia, a beautiful but formid iblg part of the world.  Scorching temperatures and stifling humidity punish the body. Dehydration and  heatstroke can bring down even the strongest. The smallest cut can lead to a  life-threatening infection. And if they last long enough, merely exerting  energy will become their biggest obstacle. This will be the most grueling 39  days in "Survivor" history. They've already been divided into three  tribes based on the qualities they most rely on in their daily lives. The  brain tribe:  being an e.r. Doctor, it's going to be difficult for me to not show how smart  I am, to express humility, but I can't deal with ignorant people because they  think they know what they're talking about.  This game is largely a brain game, and in these challenges, I am going to  kick ass, because puzzles lay down for me like lovers.  Jeff: The brawn tribe:  i am a former professional basketball player. I was the guy that did all the  things nobody else wanted to do. I'd go knock people on the ground. I'd push  people out of the way. Diit better than most guys. People I’m going to get  along with are guys that are strong and you show a weakness, bye-bye.  My bread and butter has always been bounty hunting. You kick in the door, you  raid the house, you snatch the guy up, hog tie him like a pig, throw him in  the back of your truck and take off. I don't care. I just need to get my  paycheck, and you're my paychick.  Jeff: The beauty tribe:  i do try and use my looks to my advantage in poker. And if I feel like a male  is staring at my boobs, I might push them up a little more.  My life has definitely been easier because I’m better looking than most  people. And that sounds terrible. It sounds awful. But it's the truth. My  looks will definitely help me. 39 days and a million bucks in my pocket at  the end.  Yeah, baby! Wooo!  Get the fish trap. Get the fish trap.  Jeff: You are witnessing 18 americans begin an adventure that will forever  change their lives. They've been given two minutes to salvage whatever they  can off this boat.  Watch out! Coming down!  Jeff: There are chickens. There is fruit. There are fish traps. But there is  not enough to go around.  Oh!  Jeff: You got a loose chicken.  People will probably recognize me from "big brother," but being an  outdoorsman, this game is totally for me. I don't mind getting dirty at all.  Jeff: You need to work together!  Watch out.  Yeah, let's do it.  Oh! Ouch!  Jeff: You don't know anybody's name. You don't know if you like them! And yet  you're already relying on them.  Throw stuff over. Come on. It's very hectic down here. I’m a retired f.b.i.  Agents and, of course, there have been times in the f.b.i. When we had those  kinds of case where's everything's gone a mile a minute. But this to me is  going to be the ultimate challenge. So I’m pumped for this. This is the real  deal for me.  Jeff: 30 seconds left! You need on start getting supplies overboard and then  get yourselves overboard.  I'm running around like crazy. I’m protecting the chicken because I love all  living creature.  Jeff: Another chicken is on the loose! Somebody better get it!  Come here, chicken. &gt;. Jeff: That is friend or food. 15 seconds. Start getting over! Brain tribe,  get in the water!  Whoa!  Jeff: Beauty tribe, get over.  Watch your head. Watch your head.  Jeff: Let's go! Brawn tribe, you gotta get over.  Jump.  We're having fun now, kids!  Jeff: It is the ultimate challenge. 18 strangers forced to work together.  They must learn to adapt or they'll be voted out.  You know what? Who's a good swimmer, because I’m an excellent swimmer.  Jeff: In the end, only one will remain to claim the million-dollar prize. 39  days, 18 people, one Survivor! Captioning funded by cbs and ford. We go  further, so you can. [ theme song playing]  well, kids, this might be the greatest day of our lives.  Paddling in and looking around at my brawn tribe, it feels like home. The  majority of my life is about being strong, whether it's physically or  mentally, it's about being strong.  On the brawn tribe, it's going to be a lot of people that think they're the  greatest I did six years in the army. I don't need to prove to you I’m a  bad-ass. A lot of people find me intimidating. They judge me because of how I  look.  One, two, three.  They don't reaLize that i've got two daughters and my youngest has autism.  Down, down, down.  Like, i'll be the girlie-girl dad, and then I also teach them how to be a  bad-ass.  That's a good start.  What does everybody do?  Professional bodybuilder.  Damn!  Shocking! Shut the front door!  What!  What do you do?  Postal worker and a student.  Oh, nice.  I do real estate. I lease, like, condos and apartments and stuff.  Oh, fancy.  People might like at me and be like malibu barbie. She's not going to be in  here long, but I’m a lot tougher than they would think. I've been bungee  jumping in bail, face-to-face shark diving in australia. With caged tigers in  thailand. I’m fearless, I’m opinionated. This is something I know I can do.  I'm a construction worker. I build homes, sometimes commercial buildings.  I'm retired. I played in the n.b.a.  Yeah, that way we've got double shade. Everybody okay with that?  Yeah.  I think all of us have a very similar mindset professional body builder, can  you knock trees down for us?  I can.  We're not beautiful. We're not smart. But we are strong. And I feel lucky  right now. I know things change in this game really quickly. The same thing  that makes you laugh makes you cry but right now, I think we've got a great  group.  If it's long enough for you to lay I think it will be long enough for us to  lay.  I'm not very good at counting. I’m the brawn tribe.  So where do you live?  In california originally, I live in new york city now. I work for the  government doing data analysis.  Well, what's your regression analysis of "Survivor" right now?  I haven't done something like that. I think I would need a lot more time. The  brain tribe is definitely my tribe. That's the attribute that I actually  think is valuable because we are able to look for new approaches and slightly  different ways of thinking through the problems. So we're off to an immediate  advantage.  Okay, I get to say it-- I’m staring at this guy. I’m thinking, what is the  president doing here?  Being called obama is part of my daily life. It's been like that for the last  seven years. If Debbie calls me obama, I guarantee you, everyone else is  calling me obama.  When you're coming it's going to be like in my head.  We'll protect you, barry.  That being said, if they feel better getting crushed by obama, so be it.  I'm a capTain, civil air patrol, u.s. Air force auxiliary. I can get a fire  started without flint. I have extensive training in shelter building, winter  survival, summer survival, repelling. I’m a chemist but I have been a  protonics engineering supervisor. A bartender, caretake tore none, and  between jobs I fill in at red lobster as a sterver. Do you guys want to do a  quick assessment and unload. At 49 I bring a lot of worldly experience with  me.  I'll actually show you a trick right now. You actually want friction.  Yup.  And we'll shave this off a little bit.  I have my own ice cream business, and I think people think that I’m a dandy  in ice cream hat. I think they don't know quite what to make of me. I’m incorrigible  and eccentric. But Debbie has a whole different level of craziness.  Look, he's got it.  Tell me what to do.  Once it's really smoking, you pick it up, and you're going to blow in the  little hole.  I don't have a hole yet.  Okay, them keep doing it.  Keep going. You've got smoke going.  Should we put a little hole in it.  No the hole is going to come from you and friction.  You did the hole?  Yes.  There's no hole yet. There's just a notch.  I know how exhausting t, so if you want me to do it.  Supposedly, Debbie has started fire this way many times. Nobody else made any  warrants about their ability to be the savior of this tribe. Somebody who  says she's a fire expert and then comes on to the beach and when it's really  clutch time and needs to make fire for their tribe can't do it, is a big  concern.  We cannot show up in front of the other tribes as the brains without fire.  Just from an evolutionary standpoint.  No one has conceded defeat, sir.  Looking back at past seasons, it seems like the really smart folks always  have some form of kryptonite, so I’m a little concerned about being on the  brain tribe. It might be complete and utter madness.  Good job, you guys!  Who-hoo.  Life without a doubt is beautiful. Our tribe is beautiful. We're feeling  beautiful. The island is beautiful. I mean, we're all excited, we're all  happy, we're all smiles. And we work well together. Around camp, right now,  nothing can go wrong.  Oh, my gosh, you're going to give me a freaking heart attack doing that.  Oh, there's coconuts, too. Why am I here? Look at me, I’m bald, big hat,  bald, big eerkz skinny little body. I don't belong here. I just think, my God,  when I go home, people say ha! They say why are they putting you on the  beauty tribe, especially my boyfriend or somebody. But I think my personality  can come out. We all have beautiful inside and outside.  That looks good!  It does look good.  It really does look good.  I have no idea. Definitely, like, a model or--  yeah.  He shaves his arms and legs. I noticed that.  Being a bartender is an extremely social job. You learn that personality  types want cerTain things from you, so I was like, okay, who looks like I would  get along with them? There's t Tai. He's freaking always moving. He's like a  whirlwind. Caleb is super strong. And Nick, the tall, dreamy guy, of course,  I was like oh! He's on my tribe. I get to spend a lot of time with him and he  get to see me disgustingly dirty. Wonderful.  This is so, like, stereotypal.  I'm not sure I can handle all that testosterone over there anyway. So I decided  to build the relationship with the girls. You're inclined to go with the  girls, braid each other's hair, whatever. Girls kind of go with girls so that  alliance felt really natural to me.  Do you think they're going to pair up, the three of them?  Part of me thinks they won't because they're so different.  I think there's probably a lot of ego over there.  Yeah.  One of the girls she said she was in school to be a biologist.  Which one is that?  The one closest to us?  Michele?  Which one is that?  The yellow.  The one in the yellow?  Yeah.  I'm look around at my beaut tribe and I’m sitting here kind of wondering to  myself, why in the world is Tai on this tribe. 50, 60-year-old asian guy that  has eyebrows, like, two or three inches long. I don't understand. Like, maybe  there's a lot more than what people really see.  So we're going to do-- you're going to make a notch.  Yeah, make a notch.  This way.  How high, do you think about right here?  Yeah, sure.  Don't kill the tree?  Don't kill it.  I have a soft spot for trees because I’m a gardener.  Are you? I hate to tell you, but I’m murdaLizing this tree right now.  It's a living being. How would you like it if someone came over and starting  cutting away part of your skin?  The good thing is it doesn't have arms and can't hit me back.  I love all living creatures, especially the plant. As a gardner, it hurts me  when I see people cut off branches. It's just like an arm. You cut it off, it  cannot grow back the same way. And sometimes I could be really strong about  it. But this is "Survivor." i've got to be smart about how I say  it.  You're a gardener, Tai?  Yeah.  Up in san francisco?  Yeah.  And I’m from vietnam. This is, like, my hood, so I know a lot of stuff.  How long you have been in san francisco?  I have to go get in the young expel get food for us. I’m from vietnam. I lived  through the war and I survived. And in 1979, 262 people were on a 26-meter  boat. We're just sitting there like this for, like, for 11 days. We have no  food. No food. Just a little bit of water. And we just float and float and  float. And we end up on this refugee camp really close to here. A whole year,  and then we come to america. So throughout a lot of my life, that's a lot of  things I survived through and I think I have an advantage. Adventure just  excites me. I can't sit still. This is "Survivor." this is once in  a lifetime. I’m loving it.  Oh!  It's a harsh sun. My shoulders are fried. My shins are fried. Sunburn hurts,  you know, but I give it my all, work physically hard first and start thinking  about it as you're going along. It's just the type of person I am.  I got it.  We need one of the guys to do this.  That didn't work out well.  Blondie, I haven't even learned her name, call her blondie. I have zero faith  in that girl.  I remember the directions, but I don't know how to do it.  She doesn't doing with.  We need more bamboo don't we.  I think there's more over there.  I'll go.  You want to head out there?  To me, she's at the bottom. I have no sympathy for her. I got my own wife and  kids to worry about. Blondie, little girl real estate agent?  We've got strong people and all of a sudden we've got the california girl.  Worst comes to worst, her, right?  Yeah. The plan is you, Jenny, and me.  Jenny's the construction worker, right?  Yeah.  I'm in with you.  All right.  The truth si want as many alliances as possible.  Are we going good?  Yeah.  In my eyes, these alliances are only truthful when I need them.  You, me, and Scot.  Yeah.  Potentially, they could all be truthful in a way. Every single one of them  could be false. I'll make that decision as I need to make it.  You ain't got any matches on you, do you? No? I didn't think so.  All right, here we go. If I layer them, it will be all right. I feel like it  will be a little holy.  I get what you're doing now. Growing up in chicago, it's pretty tough. There  was a lot of stuff they learned, and I’m going to bring those instincts into  this game. I’m going to use my gut. I got your back. Okay, well, we're good  then. I kind of like Alecia?  You don't like her. Who do you want to align with?  I'm thinking the guys, I like them more. I’m thinking we need to get the  girls out first.  I most definitely trust Cydney. This gut don't lie to me.  I minute I find out something I’m going to let you know. And right now, my  gut tells me don't use the bathroom.  Is Darnell going to the poop rocks?  He is.  I'd go a little further.  Oh! [ laughter ].  Watch out for the brown trout!  I just heard, "Darnell, are you taking a dump?" seriously. I can't  be at peace for two seconds? I need some reading material.  So, where is everyone from?  I live in redondo beach, california, but I’m from new jersey.  Where are you from?  I'm from kentucky.  Oh, my God, the chickens!  I wonder if we're burning more calories than what we're gonna get out of this  chicken. It wasn't the best of starts for the beauty tribe whatsoever. While  we're building the shelter, the chickens get out. It's just, like, really,  this, right now?  You know, this is going to make us a really good--  wait, wait!  Guys, do you see it?  We are running around like chickens with our heads cut off, and we're wasting  calories but you desperately want those chickens.  Yeah!  We need to make a better chicken trap.  We got two of them back, and 66%, i'll take it. But it wasn't the best start.   I have an idea. We'll tie one chicken to the next chicken, all right. And  between them, we're going to have a long line.  Okay.  They can roam around. They'll be happier that way. Yeah. I think that will be  good.  I love Tai's approach on life. He takes his time with all of us, and when  there's something new, he tries to teach all of us. And I absolutely love  that about him.  It's a little pet.  Don't let go.  I'm not. He taught us how to tie a little rope on the chicken and how to run  around. I respect that. He respects all the creaturees and chickens that live  here. Is that attached?  How cute is that?  They seem so much happier.  They're going to be dead in a few days.  They're two little little buddies.  I think this one might be a rooster.  That's what I was thinking, too.  Tai is someone I can definitely work with. The three girls we're pretty tight  but in order to have the numbers and propel ourselves in the game, we need a  guy, and Tai is perfect to take along with us. We can use him, for sure.  What do you think about the asian guy?  Yeah, honestly, I loved him from first sight.  You, too.  You are, like air, sweetheart me and you?  Yes.  Okay.  There's a little bit of a connotation that comes from being in a sorority.  People underestimate you. They think that's all you do and that's how you get  through life, the way you look. But I’m really not like at that all. I can  pull my own weight and will make connections with these people instantly. I want  to stick with Anna and Michele, I think the three of us could do very well.  You, I trust. I am like 99% sure that the other guy was on "big brother."   which one?  Caleb.  Julia came up to me and said, listen, Caleb was on "big brother." I  trust her. It gives us a lot of information that he was on "big  brother." he was in an alliance of nine on "big brother" and  he kept it all the way, which shows me he's very loyal. So that's really  important for us.  I was afraid you guys wouldn't know who I was. Nick knows.  You mean "big brother"?  Yeah, yeah. I wouldn't at the present time to I guess hurt my game.  We're not just the beauty tribe. We have brains, too.  I'm beast mode cowboy from "big brother," but I’m more than that  and I want to show everybody what I’m made of.  You got it!  Almost.  You definitely belong on the beauty tribe. You look great up in that tree.  I was in the military right out of holly. I was a prison guard in bagdad,  iraq. If I’m in a competition standing on my tippy toes for three hours, I’m going  to stand on my tippy toes for three hours until last person gives up.  Caleb!  Blow, blow, blow, blow.  Living my daifl life on a farm and being an outdoorsman, this is home to me.  I know what it takes to make a fire.  Here we go, baby.  We've got fire!  I'll do whatever I have to do to get what I want. I believe I’m probably mebt  mentally stronger than anybody in this game.  Fire!  Gets exciting when you get to the end.  Yeah! Cool. That was a good rhythm.  I'm 71 years old, and I was a hostage negotiator in the f.b.i. We were on  some dangerous assignments at times, but I have street sense. I tend to see  things before they actually happen kind of and have intuitiveness about  things. So I think I can be able to make it through that gauntlet to be the  sole Survivor.  You know what? We'll take turns. It's exhausting. I’m not using the saw.  Anybody wants to use the saw, feel free, but I’m not using the saw.  Yeah, I think you're going to needed saw.  Joe and I are work horses. We've got the wisdom to know. Before we go  strategizing about winning the game, we have to stay alive! This is "Survivor."  you actually have to survive here.  Stop, stop! We're coming down the whole thing here.  Yeah. So I’m going to make this camp as comfortable as I can. Mostly for me  and Joe. Because Joe and I plan on sticking around a very long time.  How are you liking the group?  Good.  Yeah?  Yeah.  Are people kind of like what you expected?  Yeah well, you know, when we first met Debbie, she was really, like, chatty,  chatty, chatty. I was like oh, my God. I hope she shuts up.  When I first saw her I was like she could be super tough and cool to work  with and when she first opened her mouth I was like oh, maybe not. Debbie  talks, talks, talks, and talks so highly of herself that I start to think  that she might just annoy everybody to death.  We have that geriatric tinge that we're going to have to get rid of. They're  just going to be too slow. Old Joe, a 72-year-old running through a group  challenge?  He does seem like the most likely to be medevaced.  Do you feel good about the four of us, the children?  I do. I feel like the four of us would really hold together well. Like, I don't  see anybody, like, flipping out over some stupid thing.  When you have six people on a tribe, and you know that four of us are going  to be quicker, both physically as well as mentally, it makes a hell of a lot  of sense to try to keep the four younger ones together. I think we get the  four young bucks and go to the merge.  I think that's the best plan ever. I think we're all easy-going.  Don't talk too loudly. Sound carries in the water.  In our group we've got four young people and two old people. The fact they  say they're old people means they already stick out. Who do you want to take  out first, grandma or grasms?  Let's see how they do in the challenge.  Joe and Debbie are low-hanging fruit so they're going to be eaten first.  I'm just gonna drag these two back with me.  I'm gonna look around try to see if I can find some signs for the idol. This  morning, we were walking and everybody turned around to take the bamboo back,  so I say I have to look for the idol. I have no clue. But this is "Survivor."  there's got to be an idol somewhere near here. This is unusual that someone  would have that tree here in the middle of the trail. This might be a sign.  It's gotta be one of these trees. It's gotta be it. I should know because I’m  the tree guy.  What's going on over there?  I have a feeling, like, Tai's looking for an idol.  Yeah, I had that feeling as well.  When we all walked off, he walked right back to where the tree mail thing  was. I don't know why.  Should we go over there?  You want to?  Let's do it.  Let's do it.  Okay, not this one. Gotta be one of these guys. I hope I don't miss it. Okay.  I gotta look carefully. All this work. Anybody coming? I heard them.  No one needs it yet. We haven't even had a challenge. Like, we have time.  It definitely paints a target on your back.  Yeah, it does.  Sorry, tree, I’m just looking for something that I want.  I'm looking around, and then I saw Tai, and as soon as I walk up, he kneels  down. Ooik like that's really weird. And I see him patting the floor, and  i'm, like, okay, well, this guy's looking for the idol, and I’m just right  away sketch.  Did you get a little lucky over there? Caleb was like Tai's looking. I was  like, "okay, well, we'll see, but we don't know."  i'm look here.  Is it under it or something?  You don't have the new cloou.  No, I don't have the clue. I smawt it must be somewhere near the tree mail so  we have to look for signs.  Yesterday I felt comfortable with him but now I don't trust you for a  freaking second.  I screwed everything up. It's not good for me at pull. The fact that I went  away for half an hour to look for the idol, and I got caught.  It's cerTainly suspicious.  He could very well with it.  Yeah, I thought I saw him put it in his pocket or something.  He did? We'll pretend he doesn't have it.  Should we try, us five?  I just don't trust Tai. He's bringing a lot of anxious energy. He made his  bed, and right now, Tai is number one for me.  All right, we're good.  Yeah, we're good.  Should I start up here and go down?  I find it easier to start--  you're going in the opposite direction. Yeah.  It's so hot out here that I don't think you even reaLize in the moment how  hot it is. You reaLize when you start moving slower. It kind of scrambles  your brain. It slows you down. And you can't escape it. I think this heat  might be one of the piggest factors in this game.  I need some shade.  Oh, yeah. Why are you working in the sun.  I am dehydrated.  I mean, look at me. I went to a prep school, and I work in social media. So  coming from boston in the middle of winter to being marooned here, it's like  going from black to white. It's intense. I started feeling a little wobbly  and discombobalated, and your thoughts stop moving in a lirn pattern. I just  don't have my faculties about me to even, like sit still and take care of  myself.  Well then you do what you think you need to do.  Can you guys just help me.  Sure.  Just, with, like, fruit and water.  Uh-huh. Lay down.  Yeah, neil's right. Come up here and lay down and relax.  Aubry comes to me and immediately I knew she was dehydrated, heat exhaustion,  and anxiety-ridden.  It's tough.  My mind it's just shot.  She was also absolutely overwhelmed with being thrown into a jungle with five  strangers.  See how hot you are?  Yeah. I know... Thank you for being here for me.  No problem. It's going to be okay.  Thank you, Debbie.  Yes.  I care about this game. I love everything about it, and maybe I worked it up  too much in my own head. This situation I’m in isn't even about the  environment. This is all about my own head. I’m a thinker. I get stuck in my  own head. I know that I brought this upon myself. It's that feeling of you  can't even make the choice of what you need to do for yourself. To make the  right decision of, like, I need to do this, this, and this, to feel better,  to make myself feel better.  Aubry wasn't, like, ill dehydrated. She hadn't even gotten to the point of,  like, chapped lips. So for her it was really more of an anxiety attack. She  was just freaking out about freaking out.  You're going to be okay. Once your hydrated, once we have a fire, you're  going to feel awesome again.  You're just going to cool off.  I just wish you guys got to meet me.  Whatever impression she's giving off on day two, I do think there's a  significant risk she cracks again next time something doesn't go well.  With Aubry being weird and freaking out--  keep drinking. You'll be fine. I think it might be a repeat of the first  brains, beauty, and brawn where brains were nuts and just got shellacked.  Brawn where brains were nuts and just got shellacked.  I'm actually worried. I’m not sure, but I think I got a bug in my ear, and I thought,  it's fine. It will crawl out. It's not a big deal. But instead of crawling  out, it is getting deeper in my ear. I can't sleep. I can't get comfortable.  It's just disgusting hearing these little legs crawl around in your head.  Like, it's digging deeper into my ear canal. I don't know what that does to a  person. Emotionally it does a lot, but physically, what kind of damage is it  doing? I feel like there's blood coming out of my ear. I don't know what it's  doing to me. It's so painful. I prepared to face a lot out here, but I didn't  prepare for some bug to munch me from the inside.  My ear's bleeding, sweetheart, see.  Ugh.  Yeah.  Tree mail!  All night, I haven't slept, like, not even a minute.  Are you okay?  I want to know what is inside me that is causing my ear to bleed. It is so  painful, like, it hurts so bad. Like, it will go for 30 seconds and he'll  stop for a minute and he stops. I can hear him literally digging. Ah! That's  what it sound like. He's getting further in. I thought he would crawl out,  but he's going further inside my ear, and it-- God, it just hurts so bad.  What if something's wrong with her? She gets pulled.  We're in trouble.  It changes things.  I hope she's okay. We need to win this challenge and I don't want to see her,  you know,... Not be able to participate and they pull her, then we're a man  down. We'll see how this goes.  It is a concern going into a challenge, thinking that we might lose one of  our tribe mates because she has a bug in her ear. I do think I could be on  the chopping block because they want a stronger team, so hopefully jen is  okay for the challenge because I don't want us going into the challenge for  five people.  Ah!  Do you want to use my jacket for a pillow? Do you want me to get you some  water or anything.  Poor Jenny. She's bleeding and in some pain, but selfishly, I’m a little  worried about the challenge today. If we don't win, this it's going to hurt  all of us. So, quite literally, failure is not an option.  Do you see anything?  No. Just--  i see it! Ewwww!  Really?  Look at it! There's a Tail. It's wiggling.  Oh!  There it is!  Get it!  It's going back in. Hold on,.  It's comeouth, it's coming out. There it is, there it is.  I'm going to get it as soon as it gets out of your ear.  Ewwww! That little critter was clean, clear-- got your blood in there and  everything. I don't know what that is.  Eww"p" that was just amazing.  Kill it!  At first I wasn't sure how long was it was and it ends up being about ya big,  it's pretty long for an ear canal. So I could see how she was in pain upon.  Does it feel better?  I feel like myself again. We're going to kill this challenge because I’m so  pissed off.  Yeah! Jenny's back. I feel amazing, back to what I was before, ready to take  on all these challenges. I got this, 39 days, no problem.  Jeff: Come on in, guys!  Jeff: All right, welcome to the first challenge of "Survivor: Koah  rong"!  Yeah!  Jeff: For today's challenge, you're going to swim out to a boat. Once  everybody's on board, one person will dive down to retrieve a paddle. Once  you have all four paddles, you'll then race to shore where you will convert  your boat into a cart. You'll then push it to the top. Once you're at the  top, you have a decision to make. You can either choose to assemble a puzzle  or test your dexterity by stacking balls while standing on a wobbly beam.  Both average the same amount of time to finish, but if you choose the right  one for your tribe, you can finish much faster. The first two tribes to  finish win immunity, are safe from the vote. This is what you want in this  game. Either one of these pieces of theide does the same thing-- it keeps you  in this game another day. In addition, you're playing for reward. Want to  know what you're playing for.  Yeah!  Jeff: First tribe to finish, a massive fire-making kit. Everything you need--  dry wood, a tarp to keep it dry, lighter fluid, matches, a flint, even  charcoal. You will have fire all the time. Second tribe to finish, not as  impressive, but gets the job done, a flint. For the losers, nothing. But a  date with me at tribal council where somebody will be the first person voted  out of this game. That is a distinction nobody ever wants. All right, i'll  give you a minute to strategize and we'll get started.  I'll paddle.  I'll paddle.  I'll paddle.  We're doing puzzle. Do you want to do puzzles?  Yeah.  You're diving.  I'm diving.  You're sure.  I'm sure, positive.  I'm not good at puzzles.  Stop talking about what you're not good at. All positive.  I'll be one of the rowers.  You're primary ciefer.  This hasn't been easy for me. I've been having a bit of a hard time. I might  be going home tonight but I’m not going to go home without giving this one  everything I have.  Jeff: All right, let's get to this. For immunity and reward. Survivors ready?  Go! Everybody's got to get in the boat before you can do anything else.  Beauty into the boat quickly. Brains right behind. Darnell struggling to get  in for brain braun.  Whoa, whoa, whoa!  Jeff: Getting some help. Everybody's in for beauty! Go! Michele met water  looking for that first paddle. Go, brains! It's Aubry in the water. Darnell  in the water for brawn.  Where did the goggles go?  Where did the goggles go?  They came off when I dove in.  Jeff: Darnell lost the mask. Only seconds into the challenge, that was an  absolute disaster for the brawn tribe. Jenny jumps in now without a mask. Michele  has the first paddle for the beauty tribe. Get it in the boat! You gotta put  the paddle in the boat! Aubry has the first paddle for the brain tribe. Brawn  having a lot of trouble without a mask. Caleb has want second paddle for the  beauty tribe. Aubry has their second paddle.  Awesome job!  Jeff: Jenny finally has the first paddle for brawn. Tai now in the water for  the beauty tribe. There are four paddles total. They get deeper with each  one. Tai has the third paddle for the beauty tribe.  You got it, you got it, nice job.  Jeff: Aubry has the third paddle for the brain tribe.  Jenny has their second paddle. Beauty has their fourth paddle. Start  paddling, beauty. Jenny coming out. Jaison dives in now without a mask.  Beauty doing a great job with a nice early lead. Jaison with the third paddle  for the brawn tribe. They're looking for one more! Aubry went fourth paddle  for the brain tribe did it all herself. Beauty tribe is back. Now you gotta  push this huge boat up into its cradle and clip in. Beauty working together  nice le. This takes a lot of strength to get this boat up into that cradle.  It's going to take everybody. Here comes the brain tribe getting closer.  Beauty struggling to get in that cradle. You're getting there, beauty! Brain  tribe is back. You've got to get yours in the cradle. Clip in. Brawn tribe  still in the water. Brawn tribe has their fourth and final paddle without a  mask. Here comes the brain tribe. They're halfway. Here comes the brawn  tribe. And, amazingly, still in this challenge because both the beauty and  brain tribe cannot get their boat in the cradle.  Paddle!  Jeff: Nobody giving up here. Beauty tribe made a lot of progress right there.  That is team work! Beauty tribe is inching closer and closer. And here comes  the brawn tribe. We've got a challenge! Could the brawn tribe make a comeback  riement here? Brawn tribe digging. Beauty tribe digging.  Yes!  Jeff: Beauty has it! Clip in! Start putting on your wheels.  One, two, three!  Jeff: Brains you're in! Let's go. Clip in, clip in! Brawn tribe with a big  effort! Brawn has it. Clip in!  Put it on.  Jeff: It is the brain tribe now in the lead. They are clipped in and putting  on their wheels. There goes Aubry and Debbie, going to go up and pull that  rope. Beauty tribe has slid off the track, which makes putting on these  wheels tougher. Keep fighting! Two tribes are going to finish this challenge.  Brain tribe has all four wheels on. They are in the lead now! Brawn has their  four wheels. Start moving! Beauty now going to be in dead last. The brain  tribe is there.  Puzzle.  Jeff: Brain tribe untying the puzzle box. Brawn still work their way up.  Beauty slowly working their way up. This haib a taxing challenge for  everybody. But everybody is still in it. That is why you never give up in  this game! It is Liz and Aubry doing the puzzle for the brain tribe with a  big lead right now.  Come on!  Jeff: Here comes the brawn tribe. They were in dead last for most of this  challenge. They are now in second place, despite taking forever to get their  paddles. Beauty has blown a huge lead but is quickly gaining on brawn. You're  good. Hook it in, brawn. Make your choice. Which box?  Puzzle.  Jeff: Ron untying the puzzle box.  Go!  Jeff: They're going to take the sure thing. Jenny and Alecia have some work  to do to catch up.  Get the [ bleep ] pieces!  Jeff: What you don't want to be is dead last and right now that looks like it  could be beaut whoa has blown a massive lead. Keep digging, beauty! Hook it  in! Gpuzzle or dexitator!  Puzzle expwhr beauty will go for puzzle, too. Nobody will go for the hail mary  and try the dexterity. It is Jenny and Alecia solving the puzzle for the  brawn tribe, and Liz and Aubry for the brain tribe. Brains still in the lead.   Yeah!  Jeff: Liz and Aubry doing a nice job working together.  Yeah!  Jeff: Jenny doing all the work for the brawn tribe.  Alecia, you want to tag?  Yes.  Jeff: Alecia is out. Scot it coming in. Alecia cannot come back in. She is  out of this challenge. Brain, piece by piece getting close to winning this  immunity challenge. Trying to figure out what clues can I find to help me  solve it because the other tribes have had a big head start. Aubry making a  lot of progress for the brains.  Jeff, jeff!  Jeff: Brain tribe has it! Brain tribe wins immunity and reward! First  challenge of "Survivor: Koah rong"! We're looking for one more.  It's going to be brawn or beauty. One will go back to camp, one will go to  tribal council. Brain has already won immunity and a massive fire-making kit.  This is a race. It is Julia and Anna with another piece for beauty. Anna with  another piece.  Let's go, Scot.  There we go, there we go.  Gen weanother piece for brawn. It is back and forth. Piece versus piece, each  tribe getting closer.  There you go!  Jeff: Scot and Jenny figuring it out. And another piece.  Let's go! Keep going! You're almost there!  Jeff: This is neck and neck right now.  Yes, yes, yes.  Come on, y'all, we're in this! We're in this!  Yes, yes!  Jeff: Beauty with another piece.  Come on, guys.  Jeff: Jenny with another piece for brawn. Beaut you down to three pieces if  they fit.  Something is not in the right place.  Come on, brawn. We're in this. We're in this. Let's get it!  Jeff: Brawn is very close.  Let's go, Scot.  Got it!  Jeff: Both tribes down to their last piece! Beauty has it! Beauty wins  immunity and reward. Sending the brawn tribe to tribal council where somebody  will be the first person voted out of this game. Brain tribe,  congratulations. First win of the season. No tribal council tonight. In  addition, a massive fire-making kit. Come grab it. Take it back to camp.  Enjoy the night off. Beauty tribe, immunity for you as well. Nobody going  home tonight. [ applause ] in addition, not a big fire-making kit but flint.  Here it is.  Yeah!  Jeff: All right, beauty, grab your stuff. Head back to camp. No tribal council.  Nobody going home. All right, brawn tribe, got nothing for you. Grab your  stuff. Head back to camp. See you tonight at tribal.  It is riskate tribal because I’m not a puzzle widdard! But Darnell dropped  the glasses and totally screwed up the challenge. So the only way for me to  stay in this game right now is to try to get them to vote off Darnell.  No, that was my fault.  I'm sorry to hear about it. It was my fault. It is what it is. I mean, I lost  the goggles. And that put us way behind. Growing up in chicago, I was a  lifeguard, but I never knew that sea water was that murky. Like, you couldn't  see nothing. That was a hard-ass challenge, pushing that boat.  When people in this game are not talking to you, they're talking about you.  We have tribal tonight. I’m a good candidate to go home. So I’m going to do  what I gotta do. You all save me tonight, I promise you'll have my loyalty--  you don't have to worry about no merge, like.  We're voting blondie.  Blondie, it's done.  I'm just letting you all know.  We can only take so much stupid to be honest with you.  We have tribal council tonight, and the two people that are on the chopping  block, it's darn expel Alecia. But really there's just one in my opinion. Darnell  loses the mask. He apologized, but the dead weight in the challenge, it was  just unacceptable.  He's going home. We're not going home tonight, all right?  I mean, it just makes me question, though, how do I know?  Let it happen.  All right.  Sometimes you gotta let the world come to you. You can't force everything.  That's true.  Take it on faith. We're dealing straight. And I’m telling you--  i don't think I can trust Scot, but if I can just try and be a master  manipulator and then vote Darnell, that's the only option right now I really  have. I know I’m at the bottom right now.  You're not.  I think we should vote Darnell out.  Let me tell you something, I’m going to give you some free advice.  Okay.  The only thing I have against you right now is the constant scheming.  Okay.  You're good.  And does he have an idol? I know he's been looking.  No, he doesn't have one.  Do you have one?  Never said I did, never said I didn't. But here's the thing, listen.  That just blew my mind. I threw her a freaking bone. You're pushing yourself  out of this game. It's over for me. I’m done. I'll see you at tribal.  Okay.  We're trying to give her blatant hint to just calm down because the only  thing you're doing right now is killing yourself.  We are voting for Darnell.  Okay.  Blondie, she's pissing me off. The only reason I say Darnell he jumped in the  water, and lost our goggles. You okay with that?  I'm not really to pressed. I don't just-- whatever.  So we're set.  Yup.  They want to vote Darnell out, but I do prefer Alecia to go just based on the  simple fact that she doesn't do anything. I'd prefer for Darnell to stick  around because of our initial alliance. The member numbers I have, the better  it is for me. So when I get to tribal, I’m going to make sure people know who  needs to go home.  Jeff: Behind each of you is a torch. Go ahead and get a torch, dip it in and  get fire. This is part of the ritual of tribal council because fire  represents your life, and when your fire's gone, so are you, and, sadly, that  will be the case for somebody tonight because we're about to vote out the  first person from this game. So, jaison, let's talk about first impressions.  When you get a chance to really see who's on your tribe, what was your  reaction?  I was satisfied. Got a former basketball player. We got the ninth toughest  woman in the world. You know, I sit with some people I believe can stand up  to my high standards.  Jeff: Some people.  That's right, some people.  Jeff: Not everybody.  Not everybody. Not even close to everybody.  Jeff: Who stands out, jaison, as somebody who maybe can't meet your  expectation?  There are two people on our tribe and I have no problem saying the name,  blondie and daschle.  Jeff: Blondie doesn't even get a name.  We can just go with Alecia.  Jeff: So what's that feel like to have one of your tribe members say you're  not getting it done?  It doesn't feel good, jeff. It doesn't feel good. I mean, I know right now  they do see me as one of the weaker ones but I do have good intentions with  this tribe and honestly, I don't see myself as the weakest link in this  tribe.  Jeff: Darnell, your name mentioned as somebody who isn't getting it done as  of now.  I'll be honest, jeff. I was one of the key reasones yes we lost today. I stepped  up. I said I want that opportunity. So I dove in first, lost the goggles, and  that put us way behind. But you know, I went out there and I tried my best.  Jeff, he flat out offered it-- "i can dive." we didn't question.  Okay, you're the dive. I've been snorkeling since I was 12 years old, and  everybody knows the first rule of diving is you hold on because it comes off.   Jeff: Darnell, you're taking a lot of heat.  I know I am. And I’m not trying to make any excuse. I’m only it.  Jeff: Alecia, Darnell says that's right. I earned this.  We do have to keep this tribe strong, jeff. And I’m a mental giant. You're  going to have struggles, but I’m not going to break down out here. I’m not  going to quit fighting for our tribe. I’m going to work my butt off in  challenges and I will step up and I really want to be here and I think they  know that.  Jeff: Sidney, it's almost like you're conTained nay box and you're trying to  get out while listening to alandmark's answers, banging off the side.  I am, jeff, I think she's saying that for show than believing she is mental  strong.  I am honest with you guys. I am not going to say I can do something when I can't.  Like the challenge. I tried to do the puzzle and we switched out.  What it should have been i'll bust my ass to try and do it. The minute you  say you can't, you lost before you start.  I do agree with that. I'll go out and try my best and won't quit fighting for  it. Today, Darnell didn't go down and try and fight and get the mask. He came  back up. I wouldn't have given up.  I also paddled the boat and pushed the boat up. You did absolutely nothing.  You didn't row. You didn't do anything. It's easy to say, "i did a  puzzle. I know I meased up, but I guarantee you, I’m going to go out there  and I’m going to make it happen.  Jeff: Darnell, it feels like there is a really heavy weight on you right now.   What I went through today was one of the biggest challenges of my life, a  heavy weight, jeff. I really feel bad.  Jeff: Compare this to life back home. Have you had similar experiences in  terms of being challenged that would rival this?  Things wasn't always easy for me so, you know, I always had to fight for  everything. And to just lose, it hurts. I do not want to disappoint no one up  here at all. Like, I let all these people down and it hurts. It hurts bad.  Jeff: Jenny, can you relate or empathize to being in Darnell's situation?  Absolutely. When he said he hasn't had it easy in life, wow, as soon as he  said, that I was like oh! Empathy strings just got pulled a mile. I've lost a  lot as well. And you get tired of losing. That's what I think he's getting  at.  Jeff: So, jaison, first vote, obviously it's an important one. It sets a  tone. Difficult decision in your mind right now?  I'll be honest with you, sitting here I did think and say are we making the  wrong choice?  Jeff: Scot, there's a lot going on at tribal right now. It's only six people.  It's amazing how many layers there can be.  But that's what tribal's about. There are people with their backs against the  wall. And they're trying to make sure it's not their back against the wall.  Jeff: As they should.  Yeah, they're doing what they're supposed to be doing. So, yeah, there's a  little ping-pong match going on.  Jeff: All right, time to find out which one of you is going home. It is time  to vote. Darnell, you're up. Darnell, you're up.  You're really starting to irk my soul, a lot.  You're really starting to irk my soul, a lot.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Alecia. Darnell.  Alecia. Darnell. Two votes Alecia, two votes Darnell. Alecia. That's three  votes Alecia, two votes Darnell, one vote left. Darnell. We have a tie.  Jeff: All right, we have a tie. Here's what's going to happen. We're going to  revote. Darnell and Alecia, you won't vote. Everybody else, you will only  vote for Darnell or Alecia. Cydney, if you'll come grab the urn. Cydney, if  you'll come grab the urn.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. I'll read the votes. Darnell. Darnell. That's  two votes Darnell. First person voted out of ko"Survivor: Koah rong -  brains vs. Brawn vs. Beauty," Darnell. That's three. You need to bring  me your torch. Darnell, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  Bye, Darnell.  Jeff: Well, there was a theme to tonight's tribal-- if you're going to talk  the talk, you better be able to walk the walk. The only good news about  coming to tribal tonight, you will go home with fire. Frab your torches, head  back to camp. Good night. "Survivor."  we have the biggest frontal lobes.  Jeff: Debbie may have the brains but she's not fitting in.  Does she have 30 cats or 40 cats?  Jeff: While Tai makes a big move.  You tried to kiss me.  No, I did not. I was totally going for the kiss.  This was very hard being voted out number one. But I enjoyed every moment of  it. This was a life lesson piwhat I learned was fight hard. They can vote me  out and do what they want but I won't let anybody bring me down. Yeah, I’m out  number one. But I went out there and played hard and I’m satisfied with that.