<br/>jeff: Previously on "Survivor," Tai, Jason and Scot thought they  held all the power.  Now we're unstoppable.  Jeff: They had a mole in Julia. You want me to teln is right no  jeff: An advantage in the game. You won yourself an extra vote. Yeah.  Jeff: And two hidden immuni idols that could be combined to form a super  idol.  What' so great about the super idol is we can play it after the vote is read.   Jeff: But Aubry wanted to flip the game, and went behind the backs of Michele  and Julia to try to get Tai to turn on Jason and Scot.  You have three you. Tas in this game.  Jeff: Leaving Tai with a big decision.  I don't know what to do.  Jeff: At tribal council, Scot got the majority of the votes. Ninth person  voted out and fourth member of our jury, Scot. He looked to Tai to get the  other half of the super idol, but Tai betrayed Scot and Jason.  No.  Wow.  Jeff: Sending Scot to the jury and taking Jason's idol with him. Scot, the  tribe has spoken. Leaving Michele and Julia out of the loop and Jason all  alone. Seven are left. Who will be voted out tonight? Captioning funded by  cbs and ford. We go further, so you can. We blind sided Scot. It's a big  move, the littlest guy took out the biggest guy this season.  That was excellent. Excellent, excellent.  That was good.  I'm so happy for you.  I'm happy for us.  I'm so happy.  I'm happy for you. Scot and Jason, those two guys talk over me, and so this  is me getting control of my own game. We have power now. And I have the most  power because I have the idol and the extra vote.  They'll never get rid of Tai now.  What?  They'll never get rid of Tai now.  Beautiful move, as a fan. Beautiful move. Beautiful. Nice seeing you on the  other side of the alliance. Tai turned. Never saw it coming. The one and only  thing that could go wrong went wrong. Tai made a play. Scot was holding my  idol, and once that happens, you can't give it back. It's gone. I lost my  partner and I lost an nowon the scramble from here on out. I’m an island at  this point. You want to do someing nuts, you know I’m the person to be nutty.   Julia, you see in shock.  I am. Like Michele, I’m frustrated that I wasn't part of the plan. I voted Nick  with you guys. I voted Debbie with you guys, and I voted like I said I would  tonight. So I’m frustrated, you know. But that's fine. Whatever. So I was  definitely playing both sides, but Aubry, Joe, Tai and Cydney formed a little  alliance that no one else was aware of and voted out Scot.  Want to hear the reason why I vote out Scot?  Honestly, I really don't care.  Okay. Okay.  Now Michele and I have gone down a few notches after tonight's vote.  It is what it is now.  We're all done.  We got four.  Does Jason have an idol in.  No. I don't think there's another idol.  I can't stop smiling. We voted off Scot, and it feels so good. And this  changes the entire dynamic of the game.  Now there will not be a blind side. We'll know what's happening. We have the  numbers. We have to get out Jason.  Right now we have the numbers, and Jason doesn't have his idol anymore. So  hopefully Jason loses and we can get rid of him and be on our merry way. I reminding  myselef all the time, "Survivor" is a game. I just pulled a big  move, but this is first time ever I did this to anybody, lie in such a big,  big lie, it's a big betrayal. I want t have a talk with Jason just because he  trusted me and I betray him. It's hurtful. I feel bad. Just hear me out.  Okay. All right.  That's the har ever done, betray somebod I see yourship and Scot growing  tighter and tighter, and that worried me. You might cut me loose. I don't  know. Or might not, but I just had the make understood what you didu did it.  But I did it in the name of the game.  But it's a game you can do everything right and still lose.  Yeah. I was so worried you would come back so mad you'd ring his neck.  Chicken. We're still in an alliance, right, buddy?  Thank you for listening me and thank you for understanding my reasons. It's  not funny, know.  It's a game. Tai did apologize to me this morning. It was half-ass apology,  but I can't let them see how much it made me angry. Really I just west bank  revenge right now. It infuriated me that I left without an idol or an ally,  and Tai's still got all his stuff. Old heart,ure flip-flops a lot. Screws a  lot of people over. He screwed me over, and you're o have the same fate he  deserves  jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to today's reward  challenge?  Yeah.  Yeah.  Jeff: For today's challenge, you'll race threw a series of obstacles  collecting rings along the way. Once you have all three rings, you'll attempt  to land them on a swinging hook. First to finish wins reward. Want to know  what you're playing for in.  Yes.  Jeff: You'll be picked up by chopper, given an aerial view of this island  you've been living on for the past 28 days. Then you'll touch down on the  sand spit in the middle of the ocean where you will have a nice picnic, fried  chicken, corn on the cob, apple pie.  Oh, yeah.  Jeff: Soft drinks, a little wine.  Did you say wine?  Jeff: I said wine.  He said wine.  Jeff: Worth playing for?  Absolutely.  Jeff: One other thing, you will not be running individually. You will be  tethered together in pairs. We're going to do a random draw, which means one  person will not participate. We'll draw for our pairs and get started. All  right. The random draw gave us three pairs. We have Joe and Tai, Julia with Aubry,  Michele with Cydney, Jason picked the wrong rock. Jason will not participate.  Here we go. For reward, Survivors ready? Go! You're over that first obstacle.  Julia and Aubry making quick work. Cydney and Michele, Tai and Joe. Got to  unthai that first ring. You're looking for three rings, which you need to  finish this challenge. Michele and Cydney making quick work of this first  section. There's Tai and Joe with their first ring. Julia and Aubry right  behind. Already Aubry and Julia take a big fall. Cydney and Michele over and  under, over and under. Got to go over that first one, under the second one.  Under.  Over.  Jeff: Michele and Cydney still in the lead. Working on that second ring. Julia  and Aubry right behind.  Want me to get it?  Over.  Jeff: Tai and Joe trying to catch up. Michele and Cydney now heading for  their third ring.  My side, my side, my side.  Jeff: There goes Aubry and Julia. Now you have to climb that ladder.  Okay. Going up.  Jeff: Tai and Joe with their second ring. Michele trying to knock it off.  It's Aubry trying to get it off. Here goes Tai now trying to get it off.  Everybody pretty even. Aubry and Julia have theirs.  Go!  Jeff: They're now in the lead. Cydney going the take over now. Can she get  it? It is Cydney and Tai. Tai has his. Cydney has hers. Everybody has all  three rings. Now you got to hook 'em. Tai and Joe right behind. Everybody now  tossing rings. Cydney tosses one. Cydney hooks one. Cydney and Michele have  their first ring.  Want to go again?  Yep.  Jeff: Big reward.  So close.  Jeff: Chance to take a break from the game or even change the game.  Let me take a couple shots.  Jeff: Michele hooks one. We're tied 1-1. Michele and Cydney with one. Cydney  hooks a second.  Nice.  Jeff: Joe hooks a second. We're tied 2-2. Julia and Aubry still trying to get  on the board.  Why can't we get it?  Jeff: Coming down to the last ring, it is Cydney and Michele, Joe and Tai.  This is it right here. For the win, just misses. Cydney for the win. Cydney  tosses and wins! Cydney, Michele win reward! Michele and Cydney, come on  over. Right here. Congratulations. Your first win.  She's wanted fried chicken.  For a while now.  Jeff: Here's what's going to happen, chopper will land, pick you up, take you  on a nice tour, drop you in the middle of the ocean. You'll have a picnic.  Now, given for the past 28 days there have been nothing but blind sides, it  says that these alliances are ever shifting in this game, which should make  this next decision very interesting. You get to pick one person to join you.  It can be anybody, including Jason, who didn't compete. You two have to agree  on who the one person is going to be. Boy, that was fast, Michele, does it  surprise you there was a consensus so quicklien somebody hasn't eaten, and  that person should eat.  Jeff: Who are you going to pick?  Aubry.  Jeff: Aubry, come on over. All right, Cydney, Michele, Aubry, enjoy your  afternoon. Chopper is coming in.  I'm glad that me and Cydney decided on Aubry to go on reward, you know,  because last night I was on the outside of the vote. So at some point I have  to be like, all right, this is my game. This is a really good opportunity to  make sure that I am in with them and that they trust me and that they want to   this is what we needed, day all.  Jeff: All right, jo Tai, jewelback Jason, got nothing for you. Grab your  stuff, head back to camp.  It's pretty blek right now. It really is, but I’m not giving up yet. I can't.  For my family I can't. Keep trying. Do my best, and I’m ulateese people and  find a crack somewhere.  Oh, my God.  This is incredible.  It's so pretty. The feeling flying through the air, I was just screaming left  and right. It's aon't have for the rest of your life.  Butty, brown and brain.  Perfect.  I'm on a helicopter zooming around this beautiful beach, and it's ours to  share together. That's... I mean, Survivor about once-in-a-lifetime this is  just a nice pick-me-up to refuel and reset for th next 11 days.  White or rose?  Both are really great.  Cole slaw.  Uh-huh.  Mmm.  Thank you. I appreciate this.  This is the best day ever.  The best day ever.  I get by in my life on my . Build relationship, and that's what's gotten me  this far in the game. Me and Julia are a tight two. As much as I trust her  and love working with her, we're just two people. To get back into the  groove, I’m going to have to make them trust me.  I wan the make su that because I was out in the boat, I didn't want I was out  in their a  so I obviously jewelback but me, I don't want my questioned.  I think everybody wants to work  i want this. This to work.  I told you I trust you.  I trust you, too.  I do. I trust you.  Michele has proved herself. She's voted every time with us, except the one  where we had to leave her out, so I trust her.  This is too nice.  This is definitely the best challenge.  I do feel reintegrated into the group, and that actually says a lot about my  ability to keep people's faith in me, just by staying happy, staying humble,  staying sane and hopefully my loyalty will make them want to keep me for a  little bit longer.  Okay some what are you thinking?  I think we are in a good spot Michele is a good option.  I think so, too.  I'm not going to say we're on the mounTaintop, but i'd like to think we can  go like this instead of like that. Exactly. The same time, we can't three.  Ichele, weuld still play better.  We have to think. It's good to start thinking about it, but we need to get  out Jason and Julia.  Right now we need to keep our alliance with Tai very, very strong because at  the end of the day, he can get us further. The fact that Tai has a hidden  immunity idol and an advantage means it would be better to get him out as  soon as possible, and we can use Michele to do it. That's what I need to get  to the end of the game. When to make this big move, that's the big question.  We'll figure it out.  We have to win immunity.  It's probably going to be me on the block. There' in, Julia.for both of us.  I'm at the bottom. So I’m not going to quit. You got to try. There is room.s  always room. Always a way to squeeze in somewhere. It's do you find it and I can't  believehis close. I want to get a little closer. Got to figure out how.  If we can get rid of Tai... But if they keep him around purposely, that's  stupid.  Stupid.  We don't have the numbers, though.  What's the best case scenario, though?  We get four vote for him and he plays his idol and someone else goes home or  he goes hom with his ido me, we got ho is our fourth. Have a fourth.  Tai is a big threat in this game because we know Tai has this hidden immunity  idol. He has this advantage. And we know Tai will win if he gets to the final  three. So we need to get someone to reaLize it's stupid not to use Jason and Joe  and i's numbers to get rid of Tai. Tai would work with Cydney.  When she comes back.  We have a plan for Tai. I see a clear shot at getting with Julia, Michele,  but you need four. It only really takes Cydney. Cydney likes the mind side.  It's obvious. Maybe she's looking for another big play. We had a good  relationship in the beginning. Maybe she flipped. I got to sell, sell, sell.  You thinking of doing anything crazy yet, sir? All depends if you want the  get Tai out.  We're here. That's an option.  When we walk enter tribal, I’m writing t-a-i. Everybody else is going to vote  for one of us because you're not going to kill off your own, and Tai plays  his idol and stays in and one of us goes home, or Tai gets blind sided, all  the idols are out of the game and you guys are still holding numbers.  Definitely makes sense.  I think I put myself in a great position. I have my options open. At this  point in the game, it's all about what's best for me. It's a me game, not a  we game. If I think staying in my alliance is best for me, that's what I have  to do. If I have a chance to take out Tai will get me further, that's what I have  to do. It's a win-win for me.  So you know we're voting for him. You do you, boo boo.  If you're a true fan of this game, you know it's designed to be vicious.  You're not going to win if you just are loyal and float through it. You have  the cheat and steal and mess things up, and I think this blindside of Tai could  definitely change the game.  What do you want?  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to today's immunity  challenge.  Jeff:  yes.  Jeff: First things first, Jason. I have to take it back.  Sorry the hear that.  Jeff: Win it again. Once again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's  challenge, you're going to race out the a platform where you will memorize  symbols and corresponding numbers. You'll then race back and use those  numbers to solve a combination that will release a key. If you get it right,  the key will open a box conTaining puzzle pieces. The first person to solve  their word puzzle wins immunity guaranteed a one in six shot at winning this  game. Losers go the tribal council where after 29 days somebody will become  the fifth member of our jury. You don't want that to be you. We're going to  draw for spots. We'll get started. All right. Here we go. For immunity, Survivors  ready? Go! Jason out to an early lead. High-stepping it to that obstacle. Got  to get up and over that platform. Going to come down to testing your memory,  and after 29 days in this environment, who knows how many symbols and numbers  you can hold on to at once. You're trying to match numbers with symbols. Once  your brain fills up, you can head back. There is no rhyme or reason to the  symbol or the number that's with it. But you have the make a connection. You  have to find a way in your brain to connect every symbol and lock that number  in. You don't know which symbols you're going to need when you get back to  the start. It's unlikely you can remember all of them at once. You have to  memorize what you can and then head back. Cydney's got enough. She's heading  back. Jason right on her Tail. He's heading back. Here comes Michele and Julia  and Aubry. Cydney broke it and everybody follows. It's now a race back. Here  comes Tai. Even a tiny little obstacle can be exhausting 29 days into "Survivor."  and the whole time you're moving, you are trying to remember all those  symbols and the numbers. Over and over in your head. Now Joe's starting to  kick it into gear. 71 years old. Not bad. Cydney and Jason are going to be  back first. There's Michele. Here comes Aubry kicking it into fourth gear. Julia  right on her Tail. Now you got to remember which number goes with which  symbol. That will tell you how many spaces to turn your dial. Michele writing  her numbers in the sand to lock them in. Tai now doing the same thing. There  are 12 symbols out there, but you only need 5. The question is, did you  memorize the ones you needed and do you have the right numbers to solve the  combination. If not, you have to head back out. Aubry has a few, but she's  got to head back. Cydney heading back out. Joe comes in. Tai going to head  back out. He doesn't have enough. Julia, Michele still working, having only  seen the numbers one time. Jason now untying a key. There are eight keys.  Only one unlocks the box. Julia now untying a key. The question is, are you  right? Did you memorize the right numbers? Jason thinks he has it. He's going  to give it a go. It would be an impressive win to do it without having to go  back. Julia's now giving it a go. If you're right, that lock will open. If  you get wrong, you have to go all the way back to the platform, so you better  be right. Jason is wrong. He's got to head become out. Julia is right. Julia  has opened her box. Start working on your word puzzle. Michele giving it a  go. Joe, you going to sit this out?  Yes, sir. I've run out of gas.  Jeff: Joe going to sit the rest of this out. Michele has hers right. It is  now eula and Michele. Both with a massive time lead as everybody else is  still out checking numbers and symbols. Unbelievable performances. Julia and Michele  got it very quickly. Now you're looking to figure out what is the word. What  is that word puzzle? Jason and Aubry heading back. Julia trying to make some  progress. Michele quickly trying to make progress. You got the figure out the  order. What word is it you are trying to solve? Michele moving quickly now.  She thinks she might have it. If she's right, it would be a big win.  Jeff?  Jeff: Say it.  Blind sided.  Jeff: Yes! Michele wins individual immunity and will not be blind sided at  tribal council. Michele, come on over. [applause] congratulations.  Thank you.  Jeff: I got to ask, how many numbers were you able to memorize at once?  I memorized all of them.  Jeff: Wow. That and you finished so fast. Nice job. Guaranteed a one in six  shot at winning this game. As for everybody else, somebody going home  tonight, somebody will become the fifth member of our jury. It will not be  you. Congrats.  Thank you.  Jeff: Grab your stuff, head back to camp. See you tonight at tribal.  I needed to get that win, and I got one swing at the plate. We just have to  make sure Cydney and Michele are on board with this plan to get rid of Tai or  I’m screwed.  My family is going to be so excited. Since the reward, it's four plus Michele.  Jason and Julia are on the outs. Jason is a ticking time bomb, so tonight  seems like a super easy vote, but not sure if that's the best move right now.   So what's the story, morning glory?  Personally I’m thinking Jason, because if there is another water challenge,  he's going to be out.  Julia was right behind you today.  She's really great with herself. She's so fast. She has a great memory. She  has balance.  She nailed the balance.  She was ahead of me. I think I was thinking Jason before I knew she was that  close to you.  Jason is a physical threat, but he's also a very polarizing character. When  it comes to the jury, there are going to be people who love him and people  who hate him, so I don't think he can win at the end of the day. The thing  about Julia is not only is she a well-rounded prayer when it comes to the  physical part of things, Julia doesn't really have any blood on her hands but  has proven herself to be strategic enough to be able to dodge and maneuver to  keep herself in this game. Julia needs to go.  What's the word?  Julia?  We agree as a group?  Yes.  I was originally on board when we were voting Jason, but now they decided  they want Julia out. It freaking sucks. In a perfect world I would love to go  further with Julia. I trust her wholeheartedly. She's proved herself to me  over and over and over again, and we've been together since day one, so I don't  want to have to write down the name of my biggest ally.  We all know she's going to come and ask me.  If they ask you, we're going with the Tai thing.  I don't want the hear my name. It's never good in "Survivor." I don't  trust and I’m still a little bit uncomfortable with Michele.  Shake and bake, baby.  This is the "Survivor" game. I have to dot my "t" and  cross my "i," however you say it. Tonight I’m bringing my idol and  my advantage. I’m not going to go home with an idol in my pocket.  So what's the plan?  Our backs are against the wall with the Tai idol thing. If Tai goes to the  final, he's going to win.  So we're going to vote Tai.  You know, earlier I told everyone I was going to vote for eula to keep everyone  happy and to lock in that I’m with them 100%, but if Jason and Julia really  do have Cydney, then the Tai vote could work out and it would also save  jewel, yeah which is great, because it's been killing me to think I would  have to go against her.  Getting rid of Tai is crucial.  Hopefully Cydney is with us.  All right. I think we're good.  We're going with the Tai thing.  At least one idol is gone tonight.  Exactly.  So I’m hoping we have the numbers to get rid of Tai, but it doesn't mean  things are guaranteed. Tai plays his idol, he's safe, one of us goes. I mean,  Julia and I are two. If you and Michele do it, it doesn't matter what they  do.  You're down, I’m down.  Yep.  Tonight Michele and I have two options. We can either go with Julia and Jason  and blind side Tai, or do the original plan of going with our alliance and  blind siding Julia.  What do you think?  It's nice to have options.  100%. But every little thing we do has to be with a purpose.  Exactly.  Are they going after Tai or are they blind siding me?  Michele said that she's voting Tai. In a perfect world, Tai will go home with  the idol in his pocket.  And we're still here. All right. If I go, at least maybe he loses his idol.  The same way he made my idol go walking out that door.  A lot is riding on tonight's tribal for me. I have a decision to make  regarding my relationship with Julia and my alliance. I don't want to  backstab either side. I’m struggling to decide what action needs to be taken.  It can really affect your game mentally and emotionally, and all I can do is  fight and play my game.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Neal, Nick, Debbie, and Scot,  voted out at the last tribal council. So Julia, where are we in the game  right now?  I think that we are at a crucial point in this game right now. I think every  decision we make, every person we decide to vote out, every conversation we  have can make or break a person's game. The only person who can feel 100%  safe tonight is Michele.  Jeff: Jason, do you feel that same thing, that every action you take from  here on out will have some impact on that million dollars?  Most definitely, every thing you do, every little word that comes out of your  mouth, everyone is remembering. Sometimes people want to listen, sometimes  people don't, but you got to weigh all options. Because someone in that five  is number five.  Jeff: Julia, who do you think is on the bottom?  I think of the alliance and five, Michele and Cydney are on the bottom. I think  Aubry is holding Joe's hand to the final three, and, you know, Tai is a  strong competitor out here, and Tai has potential to win this game, so that's  something you want the looked a and kind of want the shake up.  Jeff: Tai got to be a little unnerving to hear Julia throw your name around.  Yes, because I have the idol, and I also have the secret advantage. I’m fully  aware of that, and it's nerve-racking. I just, you know, remind my alliance, Joe,  Aubry, Cydney and Michele, why jump on the a sinking ship and row with them  when you have a guaranteed spot.  Jeff: Aubry, your name was brought up, as well.  Yes.  Jeff: Is it as nerve ragging for you as it seems for Tai?  It is a little bit scary, but you have to rely on the relationships you  forged with people and trust that.  Jeff:  but at the same time, I trusted my alliance, and what happened? Scot, bye.  Tai started flipping more than a flapjack. He's done it two times already to  his solid alliances. What makes you think there won't be a third?  But the bond between you and Scot was so strong, you two were in control.  That made me uncomfortable. I need the break that up.  So you left my alliance because Scot and I were close and went the an  alliance where Aubry and Joe are even closer.  Jeff: So Michele, Jason makes the case you can't trust Tai. That's what makes  alliances so tricky. So are you constantly evaluating, is the five tight?  Should I make a move? Is this the right move?  Yeah. There's not a moment that I’m not thinking, and you have to be thinking  ahead in this game. You definitely have to make moves at some point or  another in order for your game to be respected. You know, you sit at the end  and you have to have something to say.  Jeff: Cydney, Michele brings up an interesting point. It's tricky to vote  people out, squashing their million dollar dream, and then turning around  saying, give it to me.  With the jury, you want them to respect your game play. They'll give the  million dollars to people who play the game versus someone just throwing  people under the bus left and right and making sure they just got further  that way.  Jeff: So Jason, you have a common interest. There's an overlap. You want back  in. The five need to make a move in order to make their case at the end, and  senator in there might be a marriage that one can help the other.  I couldn't say it better myself, jeff. Every person here that's in the  clique, they have to be able to justify to every person that sits at the  bench, why me? What did I do? How did it outplay? How did I outwit? How did I  outlast? We're two islands looking for a home right now? The perfect people  to bring in and say, hey, I’m trying to do something crazy. We all know from  tribals with me, I enjoy doing crazy stuff.  Jeff: So Michele, if the right situation came around, are you the type of  player who would say, yeah, i'll make a move?  You got to go with your gut in this game, and you have to feel confident in  the decision that you're making, and, you know, if you feel a little bit  uncomfortable, it might be saying something. I think your intuition is a lot  in this game. I’m just trying to go with mine.  Jeff: Cydney, are you the type of player open to a big move?  Definitely. If the idea presents itself, you need to take it in and listen to  it. Every decision at this point is either going to make you or break you.  You need to figure out which one you want to happen.  Jeff: Tai, you were just paying close attention. How comfortable are you  right now as we get ready to vote in.  I'm not comfortable at all. I’m going to... I’m really not comfortable.  Jeff: Wow. Once again we head into the vote with a lot of uncerTainty. It is  time to vote. Jason, you're up. Out this time. Out this time.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes.  Should I play it?  Go with your gut.  Jeff: If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now  would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are read, the decision is  final. Person voted out will be asked the leave the tribal council area  immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Tai. Julia. Tai. That's two  votes Tai. Julia. That's two votes Tai, two votes Julia. Julia. That's three  votes Julia, two votes Tai. Tenth person voted out and fifth member of our  jury, Julia. That's four, that's enough, you need to bring me your torch.  That's four, that's enough, you need to bring me your torch. Julia, the tribe  has spoken. Time for you to go. Well, for maybe the first time in this game,  nobody came into tribal council confident. Fear has entered the game. And  when fear is in control, anything can happen. Grab your torches. Head become  the camp. Good night. Captioning funded by cbs captioned by media access  group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  jeff: Next time on "Survivor," Jason is down and out.  No one will strategize with me. It pisses me off.  Jeff: Until the majority starts to crumble from within.  You're trying to run this show. I’m like, no. If it came down to it, would  you vote with me or would you vote with him?  This is a rough one.  I'm bummed, but I’m proud of the way I played. Being one of the youngest  people ever to play this game, I feel like I had the opportunity to grow up  out here, learn a lot about myself. I did make some big moves and helped  contribute to some awesome blind sides. I didn't go out not trying. I didn't  go out being dragged along, so at least I know I played.