jeff: Previously on "Survivor," everything seemed to be going right  for Tai.  I have power now.  Jeff: He had an idol, an advantage in the game...  You won yourself an extra vote.  Jeff: And an alliance of five. But Jason and Julia saw that Tai was the  biggest threat in the game.  It's stupid not to get rid of Tai.  Jeff: And they tried to convince Cydney and Michele to take Tai out.  Getting rid of Tai is crucial.  Jeff: Which left Cydney and Michele with a bigsbee decision.  It's nice to have options.  Jeff: To take out the biggest threat or vote off one of my shill's closest  allies. At tribal council, Jason made his case for voting out Tai.  I started flipping more than a flapjack. He's done it two times already. What  makes you think there won't be a third?  Jeff: But Michele and Cydney stuck with the majority and sent Julia to the  jury. Jewelback the tribe has spoken. Leaving Jason alone to fend for  himself. Six are left. Who will be voted out tonight? Captioning funded by  cbs and ford. We go further, so you can.  I was fearful. I almost played my idol. I did. I looked at her and said, what  should I do? It scared me.  Tribal council was a little heated. People now can see I can preach. I know  how to talk. I do it every day in my job. I make mothers wrap their sons up.  We all got here.  We got here.  We got here.  You have to pick you opportunities when they come. Now is the time to start  making changes. Tai's going to be hard to beat, and Aubry, she's going to be  hard to beat. I’m not a bad person. I have no allegiance to no one right now,  but I’m a better person to stand in the final three than one of them. Now is  the time to start scheming, playing for yourself and playing for the end.  Jason kind of hit me and Cydney real hard. Be smart to go him, but I don't  want to put doubt at all in my alliance, that's why I voted Julia, because  there is no better way to show my loyalty than to vote out my biggest ally in  this game.  The three of us, we stick together.  We're going to stick together.  Everybody knows that we stick together. I have an extra vote. Okay. We'll use  that next time, and we have four.  All of a sudden Tai revealed he has an advantage, which is an extra vote, and  a hidden immunity idol.  And then the following one, i'll use my idol, we're safe. We're not going  anywhere. We're staying until four, at least four.  It's a little scary. Tai has so many different levels of control, and I got  the keep on Tai's side.  They don't know the extra vote. Only us three here know I have an extra vote.   Right now my alliance is Aubry and Joe. We are tight group of three already.  And Cydney is number four, and that leaves Michele and Jason. We stay true to  each other, no one else can do anything about it.  Yep.  So the next vote will be either Jason, or he might be a lesser threat than Michele.  Michele is a little more rounded player. So I have an extra vote for one of  them. ( theme song playing )  you guys come here. Look at this crazy thing.  What is it?  That is a big grub.  We might have to eat one of these in a challenge.  Tai, would you eat it?  No.  That's a grub.  I started digging. I saw this grub. It's fat. It's kind of nasty. I say, oh,  maybe moxie will like it. Mock, mock.  Oh, yeah, he wanted it, sure did.  Oh, my God. Look at the chicken. Wow, that's brutal.  Swallowed the whole thing, in one bite. Holy mackerel. He's like, that's  mine, nobody's eating it.  He ate that thing whole.  I gave up hope on eating that chicken days ago. Everyone loves that stupid  chicken. Day 39 right now...  Getting a little cocky. Some fowl play.  I'm definitely between a rock and hard place right now. Pretty frustrated. I’m  not really allowed to play the game because no one will strategize with me.  They are set in their ways, and everything lands on deaf ears.  I see that.  We're wasting the concept of the game at this point. No one is playing the  game anymore. Now is the time to do something, and everyone's done playing  and accepted their position where they're at. It's frustrating. It pisses me  off.  I don't think Jason has any respect for much that doesn't go his way.  And then I’m sitting here on the outside going, I still want to play. I still  think I can help someone make a crazy move, and everyone's like, uh, I don't  really feel like it.  When it doesn't go his way, he's vulgar and just tries to bulldoze you, but I  think people see through that.  And if I’m going to get thrown out on the curb and be forced to watch and not  have a choice, well, I’m not helping you. At this point I had one card to  play. I just lay around and eat their food. I don't help them with firewood.  I don't help them with anything. Why? Why help the hand that's trying to kill  me?  It is what it is.  He's not winning any votes. Let's just keep him around.  I don't know what else to say.  We'll just end it there.  Jeff: Come in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to today's reward  challenge?  Yeah.  Yeah.  Jeff: For today's challenge, you'll be divided into two teams of three. On my  go, one at a time, you'll race through a series of obstacles out to a  floating maze. Once you have all three players there, you'll then work  together to maneuver three balls through the maze. First team to finish wins  reward. Want to know what you're playing for?  Yeah.  Jeff: Today's reward is pretty powerful. You'll be taken to a place called  the wildlife alliance, an organization here in cambodia that rescues animals  from poachers and illegal traders and brings them to the sanctuary to live a  better life.  Wow.  That's awesome.  Jeff: You'll get a chance to visit the facility and interact with the  animals. You'll also enjoy an afternoon picnic. Worth playing for?  Absolutely.  Jeff: I know it is. We're going to draw teams. We'll get started. All right.  We have our two teams. It is Joe, Aubry and Cydney taking on Tai, Michele and  Jason. For reward, here we go. Survivors ready? Go! Jason going in first. Joe  going in first. Jason quickly hopping through these obstacles. Leaving Joe  back at the first platform. Got to get all the way to the floating platform  before the next person can go.  Let's go, Joe.  Jeff: Joe still working for yellow. Taking him a long time to get there, but  he's getting there. Go, blue! Michele now in the water for blue. Joe still  working for yellow. Michele now at the obstacle for blue. Joe pulling himself  up. That body tired, but he is not giving up. Michele is there now. Go, blue!  Tai now in the water for blue. Joe is crawling to his matt. Go, yellow! Cydney  now in the water for yellow. Cydney has to make up some time now. Blue with a  big lead.  That's it, Cydney.  Jeff: Tai now going to grab first ball for the blue team. Go, Aubry. Tai has  the first ball for blue. Aubry in the water for yellow.  Ready?  Jeff: Blue has their first ball. Now you have to work together to maneuver  that ball through the maze. Aubry getting the first ball for yellow now. Go  this way. Blue with a big head start. This is all about teamwork.  Put it in, put it in. Start walking that way.  Jeff: Yellow has their first ball. They can start working. Tai, Michele, Jason,  a lot of communication, figuring out where that balance point is. Where does  this maze shift? Aubry, Cydney, Joe right back in this. Jason, Tai and Michele  making some progress. They're in the center of the maze now. Great leadership  by Jason. It's one thing to just run around and get the ball the move. You  need to control it to go through the entry points.  A little bit more.  Jeff: Nice work by blue. Very close to that inner circle with their first  ball. Joe, Aubry, Cydney not making much progress at all.  We have to get over here. It's got to be against here, girls. You're not  listening to me.  Jeff: You got to get it to drop in a pocket.  Okay, now. Drop it.  Jeff: Blue has their first. Blue working on their second ball. They lead 1-0.  Jason untying the second ball for blue. Joe, Aubry and Cydney are in the same  spot. Jason has the second ball. He's back.  Come on, come on!  Jeff: Cydney, Aubry, Joe making some progress now. Jason, Michele and Tai now  have the hang of it. They're working together really well. Big reward on the  line.  Come on, baby, come on, baby, come on, baby!  Jeff: Jason very confident, fully in control. Michele, Jason and Tai getting  very close to that second ball in the inner circle. Making their move. Will  it work? Yes, they're in the inner circle and it's in. That's two for blue. Jason  heading out for the third and final ball for blue.  Move to me, move to me, baby. Move to me.  Jeff: Joe, Aubry and Cydney finally have their first ball in that inner  circle. Got to get it in a pocket. Yellow heading out for their second ball.  Blue working on the third and final ball as Aubry unties their second.  Go left, go left.  Jeff: Go, yellow, working on their second ball. They're going to have to move  fast and hope they get lucky. Because Tai, Michele and Jason have figured  this challenge out. They're now near that inner circle. Jason trying to will  it in. Can they get it in that third pocket for the win?  Hold on.  Yes!  Jeff: It's in! Tai, Michele, Jason win reward. A visit to the wildlife  alliance and an afternoon picnic. All right. Michele, Tai, Jason, nice job.  Come on in, grab your stuff. Have a good afternoon. Joe, Aubry, Cydney, got  nothing for you. Come on in, grab your stuff, head back to camp.  It's very exciting to be going on that reward. I love animals, but I’m just  worried. I just worry too much while I’m gone the team going to fall apart  back at camp.  Nice try. Let's see if there's anything left.  Remember?  I'm hoping there's an ember. We lost the challenge. It was Aubry, myself and Cydney.  We need wood.  You want us to get the protein? Or the wood?  Well, let's get the wood first and get a nice fire, and then we can go off  and leave it. I perform like a six-month-old, so I’m embarrassed by it, but,  hey, what are you going to do? We have to get more wood, darling. You got to  move.  One more bite and i'll get up.  I'm sitting here trying to get a meal, a.k.a. Five pieces of coconut down my  throat, and apparently I sat down too long and then I have to get up off my  butt and find firewood. I was like, oh, no, no, no. I don't care what your  trouble, is how tired you are, keep that to yourself. I’m trying to effect. I  ain't going to be able to deal with that. I don't do orders well. It's been  proven this whole entire game. That was what happened with the bronze side.  This should keep him good. I don't think he understands the concept you don't  need large flames to keep the fire going throughout the day. We're in the  middle of the day. We don't need no more heat, baby.  I'm trying to help.  No. Around this side of the fire.  Around this side?  No, no, I want you to stuff that underneath when I pick this up?  Stuff what?  This. Right here underneath.  Sorry. I just want to make sure I’m clear. It's been a long day for all of  us. I don't know what Joe's problem is. He wants to burn the damn place down.  I don't know. It's hard, too, because Cydney is not going to be bossed around  and told what to do, and the last thing I need is Cydney kind of blowing up  the game, because then we're screwed.  Oh, my God.  Wow.  Oh, my God. We got a spread. Oh, my God.  Look at this.  Me, Jason and Tai went to the wildlife sanctuary, and we had this wonderful  picnic set up. I was in heaven.  I'm here. I’m starving. Good job. To us, good, good, good.  Teamwork.  It's an elephant.  It's coming our way. Oh, my God. It's huge.  We were at this beautiful hut. We were having such a great time. We saw an  elephant walk up.  Oh, my God. Hi. Hi, lucky.  Nick, the director of the wildlife alliance, he brought the elephant in,  lucky. She's 16 years old and still was wonderful.  How did you guys end up with her?  She was found alone in the forest in the southwest of the country wandering  alone without her mother.  Wow.  All the animals here were rescued from the illegal wildlife trade.  Do you want this? No? You want me? You want me?  Lucky, you're so beautiful. My daughter is crazy over animals. She's not  going the believe this. My daughter, with her having autism, for whatever  reason, animals have always been a big part of her life, where you can tell  it gives her comfort. It's that sense of softness and stimuli and awareness  she needs. It was pretty cool to know I was doing something my little baby  would love so much. You've made my time here, lucky. It's going to be blown  away that dad's hanging out with animals. Like whose dad does that? Quick,  quick.  Be quiet and calm. Be quiet and calm. Just sit down. Don't be threatening.  Monkey, monkey.  It's fitting that Jason was there. Jason has a daughter who has autism. And  his daughter seeing the monkey hang out with him, he was able to touch the  elephant.  Give me a little monkey love.  I'm definitely warming up to him a lot more.  Hey. I just want a monkey hug.  Even though Jason is very persuasive at tribal, I try not to make any enemies  with the jury, so right now I think Michele should go next.  I think Jason wants to seem a little bit softer than he is. I want to think  that he's enjoying the animals and doing it for his kids, but when the machete  and the ax situation happened, I saw that evil side come out. Feisty. So if Jason  doesn't win immunity, best-case scenario for me would be get Jason out next.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. So we get to today's immunity challenge. First things  first, Michele, you're not going to help me at all.  I made headway.  Jeff: Thank you. Once again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's  challenge, you're going to hold on the a rope that balances a possibly table.  On my go, you're going the race out and collect wooden blocks, bringing them  back one at a time, stacking them one on top of another, spelling immunity.  At any point if the table wobbles, the stack falls, you have to start over.  First person to finish wins immunity, guaranteed a one in five shot at winning  this game. Losers, after 32 days, somebody be voted out and bill become the  sixth member of our jury. We'll draw for sports and get started. All right.  Here we go, for immunity and a guaranteed spot in the final five, Survivors  ready? Go! There will definitely be a learning curve to this challenge. It's  all about balance, patience, and when you need it, the right amount of speed.  You're spelling the word "immunity," but you have to do it one  block at a time while balancing those blocks on a very wobbly table. Joe back  for his second block. Joe, 71, still in this game, out to the early lead in  this challenge. 18 people started this game. Six are left. Five will live to  see tomorrow. Joe places his second block. Joe playing aggressively. Michele  places her second block. Tai places his second. He starts heading back. Aubry  places her second. Jason places his second. Cydney in dead last right now.  Literally moving like she can't walk. Joe places his third block. Michele in  second. Tai with his third block. Jason places his third. Aubry places her  third block. Joe has his fourth block. Even reaching for the block is  difficult because you still have to mainTain balance. Joe back with that  fourth block. Joe is half-way through this challenge. Then Michele, then Tai.  Everybody else fighting to get back in it. Cydney still in dead last heading  back with her third completely out of this challenge right now. Here's Joe  with his fifth. You've got to be careful. The higher your stack gets, the  more careful you have to be. Tai nearly drops. Nice save. Jason's been on the  bottom. He would love to have immunity tonight. You have to do it one block  at a time, one slip, that stack falls. Joe dumps everything after leading the  entire challenge. Pick 'em all up, bring 'em back, start again. It is now Michele  in the lead. Tai right on her Tail. Michele drops. It is now Tai. That's how  quickly this challenge can change. Aubry drops. It's contagious. It is now  Tai in the lead, Jason on his Tail. Cydney still out of it. And just like  that Tai drops. It is now Jason in the lead. It is a brand-new challenge, and  now Cydney's in second place.  Oh, man, I got the wrong word. I got an "i."  jeff: Joe has the wrong letter. Not only do you have to stack these and  balance them, you have to remember how the spell "immunity." now Jason  with a nice lead over Cydney heading back with his sixth. Jason dumps. It is  now Cydney in the lead. Unbelievable turnaround. Cydney has not been in this  challenge at all, and she's now in first place. Say what you want about Cydney's  approach, but she has not dropped this entire challenge. Everybody chasing Cydney.  Dead last the entire challenge. Now could win it. Slow and steady might be  the answer.  Damn.  Jeff: Joe did it again. It's Cydney now increasing her lead. Cydney with  five. Aubry with three. Michele with three. Tai with three. Jason with two.  The good news is Cydney continues to go at a very slow pace, which means she  can be caught. Michele heading back, looking for that fourth. Aubry with her  fifth block. Jason places his third. Trying to get back in this. Going to be  moving more quickly. Tai has his fifth block. He's back in it.  Jeff: What did you bring back?  Joe brings back the wrong letter.  Jeff: It's funny until you get to tribal. Aubry coming back with her sixth.  This could put her in the lead. Michele has her fifth. Michele drops and  loses everything. Tai drops. Tai's out of it. Aubry drops. The only  challenger to Cydney just dropped. It is now Cydney with her sixth block.  This is going to come down to Jason and Cydney. Can Jason pick up the pace  enough to get back in this. Jason coming back with his sixth block. Cydney  two blocks away from cerTainty tonight at tribal council. Jason places his  sixth block. He's only got two left. Cydney now picking up the pace a little  bit. She can feel the pressure from Jason. Here's Cydney with her seventh  block. She has one block left. Jason heading out with his seventh while Cydney  is heading back, going very slowly back for eight. Jason on her Tail. Jason  places his seventh. Jason has almost caught Cydney. Cydney going very slow. Jason  extremely aggressive. We are neck and neck right now between Cydney and Jason.  Cydney reaching for that eighth block. Can't find it. Can't take your eyes  off your table. Jason has his eighth block. Jason now in the lead. Once again  another lead change. It is Jason and Cydney, both coming back with their  eighth and final block. Cydney trying to pick up some pace. Jason has his  eighth block placed. He's heading back. Cydney has her eighth block placed.  She's heading back. It is going to be a race to get back to the start without  dumping. This could be it right here. Jason still with a one foot -- and Jason  dumps. Cydney now only a few feet away from winning immunity. Cydney has one  foot up there. She's got two. Cydney wins individual immunity! Guaranteed  spot in the final five. Wow. Cydney, come on over. Nicely done. You are safe.  You will not be voted out. Guaranteed a spot in the final five. Tribal  council tonight. Somebody will be voted out and become the sixth member of  our jury. It will not be you. Congratulations. Grab your stuff, head back to  camp. Nice job.  That was my favorite challenge so far.  Me, too.  You against the blocks.  Uh-huh. For tonight's tribal, I decided Michele is a bigger threat than Jason.  So I’m going to try to convince the group to vote for Michele. Let's talk. I think  it's Michele.  I'd rather get rid of Jason.  I think Michele.  Unfortunately Michele joined us four, and the group hasn't come to a decision  yet, but most likely it's going to be Michele.  Jason?  It seems pretty obvious.  It's very obvious.  I mean, at first...  Michele thinks Jason's the next one to go, but for tonight's vote, I’m going  to use my extra vote and put that for Michele. So maybe we have four or five  numbers urge and we see what happens.  I think she's a bigger threat.  I do, too.  Jason, we're going to vote for Michele.  Michele?  I want you to vote for Michele. We haven't decided, but i'll talk to them.  Tai comes up to me and goes, vote Michele. But I can't trust Tai. He's  already turned on me once. You know, I want to vote for Joe, so I don't know  what I’m going to do. Pretty much playing it by ear at this point.  Me, too. I’m on the same page with you because Tai has his own agenda on why  he wants to vote Michele. Jason was supposed to be voted off a long time ago,  so hopefully I can convince people why Jason needs to go before Michele.  I'll do whatever everybody wants. I’m not going to fight city hall. It's not  worth it.  Tai is trying to dictate what goes on, and you're trying to intimidate people  into going with your decision, like Joe feels intimidated. That leaves a  little suspicion in my eyes. It's not sitting too right with me.  Tai is anti-Michele. He's trying to make all of us anti-you right now.  So Aubry is voting for me now?  He's trying to make us do it.  Little did I know that Tai has my head on the chopping block and is putting  it in their heads that he wants me out.  I'm going to do my damnedest no get them off your back, but I want you to  know I got your back as much as I possibly can.  But I was on a tying time limit to talk to people who I haven't talked to, so  tonight for me at tribal, I’m going to do some damage control and hope that Jason  can go and I can last another day in this game.  I have an issue. Somebody's dictating what we're doing. And Tai is pushing it  so hard. Absolutely not. That's the same thing i've already been through.  You're not going to dictate who I vote for.  Tai kind of decided that we were getting rid of Michele, and I agree with  that decision. Michele has pissed nobody off and everyone gets along with Michele,  but it wasn't the most democratic thing i've ever seen. And Cydney thinks  it's the wrong decision, and she's not going to be told what to do.  For me personally, you're not going to dictate.  But then Tai is a part of my core alliance, so it's a tough spot to be in. I’m  in a weird position. I hope you respect that I have a different thought on  this one.  Well, if it came down to it, would you vote with me or with him?  I'm so mentally exhausted today. This is a rough one. It's a tough choice.  I have no clue who I’m voting for tonight. It's going to be a game-time  decision. I think tribal will be alive, and I think I might be someone waking  it up.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Neal, Nick, Debbie, Scot,  and Julia voted out at the last tribal council. So let's talk about today's  challenge. Don't recall ever seeing that many lead changes in one challenge  ever. Jason, does that sort of sum up where this game is, that it is really  just all over the place and anything can happen?  That's right. It's just an unpredictable, every time you think you've got it,  gone. Every single person here wants it, but the blocks only stayed for her.  Jeff: Cydney work that around your neck, in addition to being safe, the  immunity can give you just a little bit more sway. Did you feel any of that  today?  Well, for me, everybody has to play their own game. Some people felt a little  bit more comfortable than others, i'll say, and they wanted to dictate with  things should go and what decisions should be made for you.  I can clarify who it was. I think we all know it's Tai. Tai has said over and  over again that he has two immunity idols or that he has the super idol.  I have an advantage. Whether it's an idol or not. I don't know. Whether you  want to believe me or not, it's up to you. But I think our alliance got  together. Everybody has a voice, everybody has an opinion.  Jeff: Cydney, why the big reaction?  It's Tai's way or the highway. That's what it seemed like to me today. We  were bringing up different points, and they weren't being heard.  Well, I wanted to have some moment with Cydney alone and talk to her, which I  didn't have time.  Jeff: Aubry, a lot of facial reaction from you.  I thought he had time with Cydney that you were able to talk through things  with Cydney.  Jeff: So you're confused as to why he needed more time?  I guess so a little bit. I thought we were all worked out as a group.  Well, I think it says a lot that since we're in an alliance together we all  said who it was going to be tonight. Now you need private alone  conversations. Doesn't make sense to me, but okay.  Well, jeff, there's a big group, there's a smaller group within the big  group.  So what Tai's trying to say is there is a pecking order, and I’m on the  bottom, so now I can't be included because there's a smaller group, and he  thinks he's sitting so pretty to dictate because he has two idols.  Well, even though we have different ideas of what needs to happen tonight...  I thought we had the same idea what needed to happen tonight. I thought we  were on the same page.  I think we have different opinions, but at the end, we have consensus who  needs to go home tonight.  Jeff: Tai, this is deeper than a different opinion. You said there is a group  and then there's a smaller group. Are you aware of how that might make Michele  feel, that I must not be high enough for that level of meeting?  Yes, if I was her, that's exactly how i'd read it.  Jeff: So Michele, you know where you sit in that group.  I know where Tai thinks I sit in that group, if that's where the rest of my  alliance thinks I sit, that's a change, because Tai has turned on every  alliance he's ever had, and I have proven my loyalty over and over and over  again. I mean, crazy is doing something repeatedly and expecting different  results. And if they want to be crazy, then go with Tai. Get it over.  The last vote was in the a flip-flop.  One vote you didn't flip. And then you're trying...  To be honest, I don't know how you end up with this alliance, because you  want to know, and somehow after the vote...  I was more original in this alliance than you were.  That was a brand-new alliance when we formed. And actually, why do we have an  extra person?  Jeff: Wow. So Michele, not only are you at the bottom, you're not even really  wanted.  I mean, it sounds like a bunch of malarkey to me, but whatever.  Jeff: Aubry, there is a lot happening right now. Do you feel like you're in  the middle of just chaos right now?  Yeah. I mean, it sounds like Cydney and Michele have some mistrust in Tai.  There's been a lot of talking, and if stuff starts to swirl, I can't control  what Tai says, Tai can own his own words. I have a different style of play I would  say than Tai.  Jeff: Jason?  How you doing, jeff?  Jeff: Jason, you seem like you've been on the bottom and on the outside for a  while, and yet the conversation is not swirling around you.  That's why I’m keeping quiet.  So when you hear Michele and Tai duking it out, does that excite you?  Of course it excites me. You know, we get here and all these fractures in the  concrete start happening. It might mean I get another trip here. It also  might mean I still go home tonight, and I know who is following me next time.   Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Jason, you're up.  You got to go first.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes.  Wait, jeff. I want the use my advantage.  Jeff: Why don't you explain what the advantage is.  My advantage, I can add another vote to any tribal.  Jeff: So Tai's advantage is an extra vote that counts the same as any other  vote. Tai, go cast your second vote.  Number two. You got to go home.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Jason. Michele.  Michele. Jason. We're tied, two votes Michele, two votes Jason. Joe. One vote  Joe. Jason. That's three votes Jason, two votes Michele, one vote Joe, one  vote left. 11th person voted out and the sixth member of our jury, Jason, you  need to bring me your torch. Jason, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  Well, it appears in voting out Jason, you got one of the one person still  swimming alone, which leaves five of you with not enough room in the raft for  everybody. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night. Stay tuned for  scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor"... Tai's plan the take out Michele  backfired.  Aubry pulled a fast one on me.  Jeff: But an unlikely alliance could change everything.  I have an idol...  If he feels betrayed, he might completely go another way.  Who would have ever thought me and Tai would work together.  I've been watching "Survivor" for 15 years. I still love it just as  much as I did day one. I didn't quit, didn't give up, even being sent out on  my own, I still tried to get in there and fight the good fight. I’m proud of  the way I played. I’m proud of the game I played. And I think my family will  be, too. Love you, girls.<br/>