<br/>jeff: We are live in los angeles at cbs for the two-hour season finale of  "Survivor: Brains versus brawn versus beauty." we have the entire  group of players here. Take a look. They've waited a long time. They're very  excited. It's the conclusion to a crazy season with really weird music right  now that I like. It was a season full of underdogs that saw a record number  of medical evacuations. There were three hidden immunity idols that were not  played and mark, the chicken, the first chicken in the history of "Survivor"  to come this far without getting cooked. Take a look. I have friends. It is a  packed house here at cbs. [cheering and applause] it's a hard ticket to get,  and it's going to be a fun night. We also still have another first to come in  this finale. It's a new twist, and for one player, it could be the difference  between winning and losing this game. All right. Join in on the fun. Hit us  up on twitter #Survivorfinale. Let us know what you think. This is what you  wait for, three hours of "Survivor." it's your last fix before  fall. Here we go! 35 days ago 18 americans representing brains, brawn, and  beauty started the adventure of a lifetime. But they had no idea how  difficult it would move to be. -- prove to be. The sweltering heat led to  dehydration.  Heat might be one of the biggest factors in this game.  Jeff: And heat stroke. See the exhaustion. Medical. It brought down even the  strongest of competitors. Call for the chopper. And led to a record number of  evacuations.  Have fun.  Thank you.  Bye.  Jeff: The search for idols was also physically challenging.  It's not easy.  Jeff: And at times an all-out battle.  I got it, Scot.  Jeff: Tribal council was equally relentless.  Original plan.  Okay.  Jeff: This game is alive. Idols...  I've got an idol.  That's an idol.  Wait a minute. The idol's got a brother.  Jeff: And advantages...  I can add another vote to any tribal.  Jeff: Led to a series of shocking votes.  Vote number two.  Jeff: And devastating blind sides. The tribe has spoken. It's been the  toughest season in the history of "Survivor," and it's not over  yet. Only four remain. Michele, loyalty has been her strongest asset, yet Cydney  is the only one who hasn't betrayed her.  I'm going to do my dammeddest to get them off your back.  Jeff: With trust in short supply, she will have to get to the end on her own.   I'm going to put everything on the line. I’m a jersey girl, and you got to  get scrappy sometimes. If I have the fight dirty, then I will.  Jeff: Aubry, she lost her two biggest allies, Neal and Joe, to medical  evacuation, but she refuses to give up. Does she have enough in the tank to  get to the end?  "Survivor" has been flipping me around, trying to toss me off like  I’m in a rodeo, but the one thing I have to do in this game is to win. It's  not about smoke and mirrors anymore. At the end of the day, do you have meat  and potatoes on your plate? I think I do.  Jeff: Cydney, she's orchestrated numerous blind sides.  Let's strike now.  You want the take Nick out?  Yes.  Jeff: But she'll have to navigate multiple alliances to avoid being blind  sided.  I'm not intimidated by anybody or anything. It's always do or die. You put so  much work in on the front end, that you want to reap reward on the back end.  Jeff: Tai spent most of the game in the power position, but with his idol and  advantage gone, he's now vulnerable for the first time.  I have this war inside me, the heart and the brain. I’m going to go as far as  I can with my heart, but at some point my brain has to kick in because  ultimately it's a game.  Jeff: Who will have what it takes to outwithwit, outplay and outlast all the  rest to win the $1 million and the title of sole Survivor?  Shut up. That's not real. [chicken clucking] it's too early.  Don's crowing again. That's what chickens do. He's waking right now.  Everybody is tired. I can't afford to have anybody upset at chicken, because  chicken is associated with me directly. Right now it's coming at such a  delicate time. Anything, however small, can upset people, and with Joe being  gone, the game just switched again. I know I have Aubry, but two against two.  I don't know what's my fate. I can't use my idol anymore. The idol is only  used for five. I feel vulnerable. I have to be really, really careful.  Otherwise I might not be at the inal, and I i just cannot afford that. Good  morning. How you doing? Did you sleep in  i actually did sleep. I made myself. Every time jeff arrives on the beach, my  closest ally goes home. Like deeãjaaã vu all over again.  It's sad that Joe left, but we still could stay together and make friends. We  have to try to get close to her.  Jeff:  i will. Cydney and I have had a really good working relationship the whole  game. We've worked together on every vote. So I’m going the keep up haute  that -- hope that maybe me, Cydney and Tai can make it happen. &gt;&gt;i  think Michele has built relationships and she's very consistent. She's the  biggest social threat in this game. Michele is the only person who has not  pissed off anyone on that jury. She's someone who has built very close  personal relationships, and that's a scary thing to me. We can do it.  I think we can.  I just feel like if Tai wins and I don't, I feel like I’m screwed. Aubry  definitely wanted to go to the end with you.  But with you, too, though  i know.  The triangle thing?  Yeah.  I feel like no matter what, moving forward with you is what I want to do.  My first thought after Joe left is I’m in a good place. Now I’m in a better  place because now everybody wants to take me to the end. I just need the make  sure that I make it to the final three and i'll fight my way out from there.  I'm liking us three girls.  Me too.  That's just what's best for us.  Now that Joe is pulled from the game. Alliances start reshifting. Everyone is  trying to scramble for power. The beauty of this game is you never know  what's going to happen. And everything is up in the air right now. It's  anyone's game if you my you cards right. It's anyone's game if you my you  cards right.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. You guys ready the get to today's reward challenge?  Yes, jeff.  Jeff: At this point in the game, there is only one thing on your mind,  getting to the end. Today's challenge offers you an opportunity to get a  little closer to that goal. Here's how it works: On my go you're going to  race under a net. You'll then make you way to a table where you will slide  tiles into target. Once you have all the tiles, you'll use machete to  transport them through a series of obstacles to a finish table. You'll then  sort the tiles into pairs, three of the tiles will not match up. Those three  tiles hold the combination to unlock a box. First person to unlock their box  and raise their flag wins reward. Want to know what you're playing for?  Yes.  Jeff: The winner of today's challenge will be treated to a meal designed to  refuel not only your spirit but your body. Steak, vegetable, refreshing drink  and a from teen bar which you need. All right we're going to draw for spots.  We'll get started. All right. Here we go, for reward, Survivors ready? Go!  Attack it. Get under this thing. Michele slowing down. Tai in the early lead.  That's how you do it. Go, Tai, go! Aubry is out. Start moving those tiles.  Here comes Michele. Now it's Cydney taking a lot of time. Cydney now heading  out. Michele heading out. Every time you hear a gong, that's good news. That  means it went straight down into your good pile. Every tile has to make it  through the center target. If not you have to pick them up, come back and  finish. Aubry going to pick hers up now to try again. Any that didn't make  it, you have to collect, bring back and keep firing. Michele having a very  slow go of it. Aubry even worse. Cydney unstoppable right now. There it is, Cydney.  Cydney has all hers. Now you're going to stack on your machete as many as you  think you can comfortably carry through the obstacles. Aubry now picking up  the pace. Cydney making her first go over the balance beam carrying only four  tiles, and she drops. Cydney has to go back and start again. There it is for Aubry.  She's got all hers. She can start stacking. Tai down to his last one. There  it is. Tai can start stacking now. Cydney dumps. She's got to go back again,  evening this up. It is now Aubry in the lead. She's making quick work. She  has a stack of five. Here comes Cydney again. Aubry does it. Nice job. Head  back. There it is, Michele. Start stacking. Aubry does it. Nice job. You're  clear. Good. Aubry heading back for more. It is now Aubry in the lead. The  only person with tiles back on her finish table. Here comes Cydney. Can she  do it this time. No. Cydney drops again. Here comes Tai with tiles. No, Michele.  You missed. You got to go back. Aubry once again pairly is close to falling  but doesn't. It is now Aubry running away with it. Can anybody catch her?  Here comes Tai. Tai drops. He's got to head back. Michele is back with her  first tiles. Here comes Aubry with her last three tiles. Aubry, good. Start  pairing them up. You're looking for pairs. Every time you find a pair, put it  together. That will leave you with three that don't match. Those are the  numbers you need. Cydney for the first time is across. Maybe Cydney can get  some momentum. Aubry pairing up, look for the three that don't match. Once  you think you have them, those three numbers are what you need to unlock the  box. Cydney with a huge fall. Got to pick up and go back. Michele back  successfully with tiles. Aubry has her three. She's going to give it a go. Cydney's  back with more tiles. Aubry tries. Does it work? Is she going to try another  combination? Tai back with tiles. He's good. Tai start heading back. Aubry  trying again. Forcing it. There are six possible combinations. If you have  the right numbers, all you have to do is keep trying them. Tai's good. Cydney's  good. Cydney has all of her tiles now. She can start pairing them up. Aubry  has been trying several different combinations. Nothing working. Michele's  across with more tiles. Let's go, Michele. Keep moving. Tai coming back with  his last tiles. You're good, Tai. Start working on your pairs. It is now Aubry,  Cydney and Tai all trying to figure this out. It is now Aubry, Cydney and Tai  all trying to figure this out. Aubry finally discovers her problem. One of  the pairs not matched up correctly, which means the numbers have been wrong  this entire time. It is now anybody's game to win. Michele is now back. She's  pairing up. Aubry makes a change. Is she right this time? Cydney right on her  Tail. Tai has a shot. He's going for it. Who will get there first? Aubry, Cydney  or Tai? Tai could do it right here. No. Tai's wrong. Cydney's wrong. Yes! Aubry  wins reward. Big advantage in the next immunity challenge. Good job. Wow.  What an effort. Aubry, come on over. Huge effort, your first individual win.  How does that feel?  It feels so good, jeff.  Jeff: All right, Aubry, so here's what you have, a meal designed to refuel  your body. If you want, I will double it and you can choose to bring one  person. If you bring one person, obviously you risk alienating two others,  and if you bring one person, you may be fueling their body to help them beat  you at the next immunity challenge and possibly vote you out that night?  I'm going to go with Cydney.  Jeff: Come on over, Cydney. All right. Food will be delivered, two meals.  Enjoy them. You earned them. Michele and Tai, got nothing for you. Everybody  grab your stuff and head back to camp. Nice job.  Thanks, jeff. Winning the reward challenge was very important. With Joe gone,  I need to make sure I’m on the right side of the vote. That means I have to  have the trust of Cydney. That meal had to go to Cydney. In order to up my  chances that we could beat Michele at the next immunity challenge. Next  immunity challenge.  Today it finally happened. No one was going to beat me. It was my time to win  a challenge. I wanted Cydney to be fed and in a better place to win the  immunity challenge tomorrow. This immunity challenge means everything. We  don't want Michele to win.  I hope it's one of our times tomorrow.  Absolutely. I’m on the same page.  When Aubry chose me, it solidifies the time. It builds on our relationship  and it just helps us trust each other more.  I'm feeling a good mental state, the best i've felt.  That's one thing about the final challenges. They're long. So anything,  running and endurance-wise, me and you should be pretty good on that one.  Right now I have two alliances. My ideal option would be myself Aubry and Tai,  and then the second option would be Michele, Aubry and myself. There's  definitely a trick to being in the middle. I’m just hoping that everybody  sticks true to their word. I can just pick and move wherever I think is best.   Listen, I have an idea. You know that if you lose, the girls want to get you  out. Or me out. Depending.  Yeah, one of us.  Because if you lose, they're going to try and convince me to vote you. If I lose,  they're going to try and convince you to vote me. We might as well get  together and try and vote one of them. I think Aubry made a really poor  choice of her reward challenge. She chose Cydney last time and left me and  Tai on the outs, and then she gets the reward today and she chooses Cydney  again. That made me think, well, I have to make sure that I have a back-up  plan. It took Aubry winning to kick me in the ass and make me start thinking  a little bit outside of the box. They have every single bit of control. We  need to band together and take our own control. I think Aubry is the bigger  target, so if one of us win, we go Aubry. What are your thoughts? Is that a  good idea?  I like it.  Let's shake on it. Willing?  I'm not giving up on Aubry, but I still high go with Michele's plan. That's  definitely an option, at least an option. I have to think, am I better to be  at the end with her sitting next to me or with Aubry? If I have to betray my  true alliance, i'll betray my true alliance. Ultimately I want the million  dollars at any cost. Ultimately I want the million dollars at any cost.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right you guys ready to get to today's immunity  challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: First things first, Cydney. Got to take it back. Thank you. Once again  immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're going the race  out into the ocean and retrieve a key. You'll use that key to unlock a set of  sTairs. At the top of the sTairs, you'll find a second key. You'll head back  out into the water and use that key to unlock a ball attached to a rope.  You'll use the ball to drop a ladder. At the top of the ladder you will find  a third key. Head out one last time, and use that key to release a pole.  You'll use the pole to knock off the bag of puddle pieces, and you will use  the puzzle pieces to solve a three-level puzzle. First to finish wins  immunity, guaranteed a one in three shot at winning this game. Loser after 37  days will become the eighth member of our jury. All right. We'll draw for  spots. We'll get started. All right. Here we go. For immunity, guaranteed  spot in the final three, Survivors ready? Go! This is going the take  everything you have on day 37. Cydney first to the ladder. Then Aubry, Tai, Michele.  Get that first key and get back. Aubry has her first key. Michele has her  first key. Tai coming down. Cydney taking a long time on those knots. It is Aubry  once again full tilt boogie on this. Unlock those chairs and get to the top  so you can get your next key. Aubry has her lock undone. Tai has his undone.  Let's go. Keep moving. Tai looking for his second key. Aubry looking for her  second key. Cydney has her lock undone. Michele has hers undone. Everybody is  in this. 37 days in, immunity on the line. Aubry coming back down. Tai right  on her Tail. Michele has her key. Cydney has her key. Keep moving. You want  to get to three, you got to leave it all right here. Aubry working on that  second lock. She's got her bag. Tai working on his second. Aubry in the lead.  Did that food make a difference? Cydney has hers. Michele has her second key.  Tai struggling. Aubry back first. Cydney right on her Tail. Here comes Michele.  Now you got a ball attached to a rope. You're going to use that ball to  release your ladder. Here comes Tai. He's lost a lot of time. Cydney all  knotted up. It's all about figuring out how the use your rope. Aubry lassos  it. Release that ladder. Go, Aubry! Aubry heading for her third and final  key. Tai just misses. Tai scores it with his second toss. Drop your ladder. Aubry  has her third key. She's heading down. Tai heading up for his third key. Cydney  knocks it down. Michele's got it. Michele trying to stay in this. Aubry with  a massive lead right now. Can anybody catch her? Tai has his third key. Here  comes Cydney. Here comes Michele. Aubry has her third key unlocked. She's now  looking for that bag of puzzle pieces. She's just got to knock off that bag.  That's proving difficult. Tai and Cydney catching up. Aubry has her bag of  puzzle pieces. She can head back. You want to be safe, you've got to get  immunity. Cydney has her lock done. Cydney has the pole released. Cydney has  her bag of puzzle pieces. Aubry is back first with her puzzle pieces. Cydney  right on her Tail. Here comes Tai with his puzzle pieces. Michele has her bag  of puzzle pieces. Aubry first to her puzzle. Cydney gasping for air but still  fighting. Here comes Tai, barely able to move. Michele digging those feet  through the sand. 37 days, you got to leave it all right here. Cydney up. She  can start working on her puzzle. You are looking for a three-puzzle, six  pedestals all the same size. Once you have it you can move to the next level.  Michele back with her bag of puzzle pieces. Aubry has had a big lead  throughout this challenge, but puzzles so often are the equaLizer. Everybody  working on the first of three levels. You use all of your lightest color for  the first level then darker then darkest. Everything has to be even. If five  are even and one is not, you're not right. Tai's got a lot of pieces going.  Is he close? Michele getting closer to that first level. This requires the  ability to see visually. You really got to be thinking outside the box. Cydney  eyeballing hers. Aubry absolutely stumped. Tai making nice work. Tai has his  first level. Start working on that second level. It is now Tai in the lead. Cydney  trying to figure out, what did he do? Will that help? Michele has been dead  last but she's making a comeback. Michele has the first level. It is now Tai and  Michele. Tai close on that second level. Tai now has his second level. Tai moving  on to the third and final level. It is Tai then Michele. Immunity on the  line. Aubry and Cydney still on first level. Cydney not even in this. Michele  picking up the pace now on her second level. You're going to have to move.  Tai starting on his third level. Tai getting closer and closer to winning  immunity. Michele trying to catch him. Tai starting to pick up his pace. Michele  getting closer. One more column for Michele and she's got the second level.  She's got it. Michele moving on to the third level. It is going to be close.  Can Michele catch Tai? Tai getting very close to the end. Still making quick  work. Michele has three columns the same height. Michele's got some mow --  momentum now. This would be a huge come-from-behind for Michele. She was in  last this entire challenge. Michele has a fifth column. Tie moving pieces  around. Tai thinks he has it, making a big, quick moving. Michele getting  closer. Michele has it! Michele wins individual immunity, guaranteed spot in  the final three! Wow. Nobody saw that coming. Michele, come on over. Nicely  done. Michele, congratulations.  Thank you.  Jeff: 37 days in. You will live to see final three. As for the rest of you,  after 37 days, Tai, Aubry, Cydney, somebody going home tonight will become the  eighth member of our jury. One thing cerTain, it will not be you. All right.  Grab your stuff, head back to camp. See you tonight at tribal.  Michele would have definitely been the easy vote if she hadn't won, but she  did. I have to cozy on up to Michele and make sure someone else gets thrown  under the bus before myself. Thrown under the bus before myself.  How did you do that?  I just saw it. I don't know.  Unbelievable.  It feels surreal to have the necklace on and know that I’m in the final  three. Two days ago nobody really gave a crap where I stood, you know, like I  could have been going home tonight if I didn't win, and, you know, now I feel  that I am in a power position.  Mango?  Mango, yeah.  Aubry andly go get water.  I've built relationships with all three of these people, so it's going to be  sad to see one of them go, but this vote that will decide who I go to the end  with, and if I pick the wrong person, boom, there goes $1 million.  Worst thing happened.  We're not gone yet.  The best news for your game right now would be to stick with me, but I think  we're obviously on the same page with that. Tai and I have been trying to get  Cydney to come with us and vote out Michele, but with Michele winning  immunity, we have no choice but to try to take out Cydney. I’m going to  tribal council very vulnerable, and I need Tai more than ever right now. If  we stick together...  Two votes for Cydney and two votes for you.  Or two votes for you. At that point we make fire.  Okay.  By Michele might be gunning for you.  She might be. The best we can do is force a tie and then have to go to fire  making, and that's really scary, plus Tai and I have been like a zipper that  doesn't quite zip through the whole game. And he's a tricky person to be in  bed with because Tai switches on a dime.  You know how to make fire, right?  Not very well.  I can walk you through it.  Grab the magnesium and then hit it.  Yeah.  To be honest, I’m getting kind of a funky vibe, and I could be totally wrong,  but I have a feeling that he might turn on me. And if he does, I’m screwed.  Well, you know where I stand with you. Your name's not getting written down  by me.  You know my vote goes where your vote goes. It depends on who you want gone,  you know what I’m saying?  Here's the situation.  Okay.  I mean, I would like to keep Aubry.  Okay.  But I’m worried that she's going to get the votes.  Me too.  Aubry will get up there, and she'll work the jury.  Like no other.  Tai, he can't speak in front of people.  That's definitely true.  He can't talk.  Uh-huh.  I feel good about it. But I feel like this is what's best for both of us.  Yeah.  Michele wants to vote out Aubry. She's in the position to call the shots. And  it's tough at this point because Aubry, we have been like homies the whole  entire time, so it's going to be extremely hard to write Aubry's name down,  but at the same time, she's a tough competitor, and at the end of the day, my  loyalty is to my mother, and I’m trying the change her live and change my  life, so if that's what I need to do to get to the end, that's what I have to  do.  Me and Tai have actually built a relationship.  Uh-huh.  I know he'll go with us as long as it's not his name on the chopping block.  That's what I’m counting on.  He almost I know he will.  Okay. It's nerve-racking.  It is. It so is.  It's not going to be you.  Should I practice my fire-making skills?  No. You can. You. Can but I’m telling you. We'll be here tomorrow. Okay?  Okay.  On the bottom, right? The girls all get together?  Well, my vote tonight is going to Aubry. It's not going to go to you. You're  the two people I would like to sit next to.  I'm in shock right now because I put your name down and I thought for sure  you would put me down.  When Michele won, I thought it's the worst thing possible because I have no  idol to protect me. I felt completely hopeless. Then Michele said, you know  what, I decided Aubry to go.  I hope you guys are comfortable with that.  If it's her and not me, I’m fine.  I think that she could really beat all of us, and I think we're all kind of  on a more level playing field. And we just battle it out and make our case.  Unfortunately, Aubry is an easy vote. I don't want to betray her, but at some  point alliances have to break.  Special flower.  Oh, my God. They're beautiful. Thank you so much, Tai.  Tai's being super shady, and I’m worried that at the end of the day, if Tai sees  me as a threat he will vote me out. So far i've been lucky. At tribal  council. And if I’m going to be on the wrong side of the vote, it's going to  be tonight, but I’m not going down without a fight. Going to be tonight, but  I’m not going down without a fight.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Neal, Nick, Debbie, Scot, Julia,  jay, -- Jason and Joe, second member of our jury to be pulled from the game  for medical reasons. All right. So, Michele, let's talk about today's  challenge. You're dead last. What are you thinking at that point?  In this game, you're never really out of it until you give up. So there was a  point in the puzzle when it just clicked with me, and I was just moving,  moving, moving, and I was able to finish it out.  Jeff: So Tai, you get back after the collage. What was the vibe, because it's  a very small circle. You can't vote for Michele. You can't vote for yourself.  You have two choices.  I mean, whether I vote for Aubry or I vote for Cydney, now it's all  individual game. Alliances are out the door now.  Jeff: Aubry, one of the big things that's happening every time you guys vote  somebody out is you are putting another person on the jury. And ultimately it  is the jury who decides who wins. So how big will it be tonight?  I think it's huge tonight. I think the person that goes to the jury tonight  has a lot of information about what's happened in this game. They hold the  key to pandora's box that could shift the entire game, and it's something to  think very, very carefully about.  Jeff: Michele, she looked right at you.  I'm looking at everyone.  Jeff: Cydney, the other side of the coin, not only are you putting people on  the jury, you're also deciding who you're not going to put on the jury.  Definitely. Who you're sitting here with is more crucial at this point  because you need to pick people who aren't as big as a threat as other  people, basically who is your best chance of going against.  Jeff: Aubry, does everybody seem to have a real idea who the real threats  are, or does everybody have a different opinion out of who could win out of  this four?  I mean, it's not an easy thing. Something that we see as a threat in somebody  else might be seen as a weakness by someone on that jury. I mean, some of the  things i've heard that I’m a threat about I find comical because I see it as  somewhat of a weakness.  Jeff: So Cydney, that's a pretty candid answer from Aubry. What does it come  down to for you?  For me it definitely comes down to what is best for myself at this point.  It's a me game, not a we game.  Jeff: Tai, how about for you?  I think the same. It's an individual game now. However truthful or trust, $1  million is a big number.  Jeff: Michele, given that you have the necklace, do you feel a little bit of  power?  I feel a little bit of nervousness because you want to make sure you use your  power wisely.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Cydney, you're up. I'll go tally the votes.  Once the votes are read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be  asked the leave the tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes.  First vote, Aubry. Cydney. Aubry. Two votes Aubry. One vote Cydney. One vote  left. Cydney. We have a tie. So in a revote, the only people who would vote  would be Tai and Michele. Do you see a reason to revote or are you guys  locked in?  Yeah, I’m locked in.  I'm locked in, as well.  Jeff: All right. In that case when we have a final four, the tiebreaker is  the fire-making challenge.  Jeff: All right. You each have a fire-making kit. The rules are pretty simple:  You have to build a fire from the base of your fire-making station. The first  person to build a fire with a flame high enough to burn through the rope  lives to see another day in this game. The loser becomes the eighth member of  the jury. Both ready?  Yep.  Jeff: All right. Let's begin. You've been making fire for 37 days to boil  water, cook food. Aubry quickly starts shaving magnesium. Cydney doing the  same thing. Everything you put into this game and it comes down to this: Can  you make fire faster than the other person? Cydney going for broke right away  trying to get something sparking. That willic might quickly, as Aubry just  found out, but it also goes out quickly. Got to be prepared to keep your fire  going once you get it. Cydney has a little bit of flame if she can keep it  going. It goes out. Aubry has flame. She has a little stick in there now  trying to get it to catch. The key right here, that hessian will burn, but it  burns very fast. You have the take advantage of it while it's there and build  a little structure now. Cydney like she has for 37 days sticking with her  plan. Aubry's flame is growing now. Cydney getting a lot of spark. Just needs  to get it to catch flame, and it does for a moment. Aubry doing a nice job  building that fire from the base of her fire-making station. Now into a very  strong fire. Cydney not giving up. She has not given up ever in 37 days of  playing Survivor. Not going to start now. Cydney trying to nurture the  smallest of flames, blowing on it trying to get it to come back. No flame. Aubry's  fire gaining now in intensity. That is a legitimate blaze. Just got to get it  in the right direction and get it a little higher so it starts burning the  rope. Cydney has a little flame. Can she keep it? No. Aubry's flame starting  to grow now in height. Starting to burn on the rope. It won't take much more.  Aubry very close. Very close to living to see day 38 in this game. Cydney  very close to becoming the eighth member of the jury. Now Aubry starting to  lose some of that height. Didn't burn through the rope. The flame is now  dropping. That opens the door for Cydney. Aubry knocks down her entire  structure. Aubry was within seconds of burning through the rope. Tried to  make one little adjustment and lost a lot of it. There is definitely an  opportunity for Cydney to get in this. Cydney trying to get something going.  Has a little something she's blowing on. As Aubry's fire burns closer and closer  down to the base of her fire-making station. And now Aubry's flame is gone.  She had an inferno. Now she's picking through the rubble looking to rebuild.  She has a little something, trying to nurture it, trying to blow on it. It's  out. Aubry's fire starting to burn again. It's coming back more quickly this  time. This time she's got it lined up perfectly. This may be as far as it  goes for Cydney. There it is. Aubry survives tribal council and will live to  see day 38. Cydney becomes the eighth member of our jury. Cydney becomes the  eighth member of our jury. Aubry, congratulations. You will live to see  another day in this game. You are part of the three remaining along with Tai and  Michele. Cydney, 37 amazing days out here. What are you feeling?  I was just out here trying the change my mom's life, trying the change mine.  To have that for the woman I know needed this. I wanted to pay her mortgage  off and get some health insurance, just basic human necessity, go to school.  Jeff: It's been an amazing adventure to watch you compete. I hope it  fulfilled some part of the adventure you were seeking.  It has definitely been everything plus something.  Jeff: Well, Cydney, this is the end for you. You become the eighth member of  the jury. You need to bring me your torch.  Sorry, Cydney.  It's okay.  Jeff: Cydney, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Well, for 37 days  this game has been a roller coaster, and the only thing to do when you're on  a roller coaster is to hang on until the ride is over. This ride is not over.  Two days left, grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night.  I came here the play a game. I played one of the best games out there. I guess  I wasn't as slick as I thought I was. I made all the big moves, and Aubry was  part of those moves, so that's the same reason I was trying to get her out,  as well. I am definitely looking forward to my jury service. I hope everybody  chooses their words wisely.  Jeff: Well, that is the kind of drama you expect. I want to introduce you,  tangelia, come up here. Stand next to me. This is Cydney's mom. I was  watching you. You're clearly moved because, check this out, Cydney didn't  tell you anything, so you didn't know. You were seeing that for the first  time. What does it feel like the hear her reasoning? Did she share why she  was coming to change your life?  She told me when I saw her on the ground, and it was hard for me to see my  baby like that.  Jeff: You're talking about when she was in trouble earlier in the season.  I was trying to pretend I was strong and everything's okay. But that's still  my baby. But we were talking in the kitchen, and I just started crying.  Jeff: You're worried as a mom.  My baby. My baby.  Jeff: So you've got to be incredibly proud. This is a very difficult game.  I'm proud of my baby. I’m proud of my baby.  Jeff: Clearly bodybuilding comes from mom and dad, and maybe if that  fire-making challenge had been a bench press, Cydney still would have been  here. All right. Well, we love Cydney. I hope it is not the last time she's  on the show either. And if you want the hear more about the adventures after  they're done with the show, ponderosa, you can literally watch what happened  with Cydney seconds after she walked off tribal council. Brains, brawn,  beauty live finale. We'll be right back. We'll be right back. I seriously  knew if it went to fire with sid, there's no way. She's never made fire with  flint. I knew it was me or her. Tonight at tribal, I ended up beating syd at  a fire making challenge. It's the last thing I ever thought i'd be doing on Survivor.  I’m so proud of myself that I could actually pull it out when I mattered it  most. Aubry sitting next to me instead of Cydney defiantly changes my chances  in a really negative way. She's made great relationships with everyone and  fought her way here. I've been gunning for aubrey and nobody's wanted to jump  on the band wagon. Everyone respects aubrey now that she just fought for her  life with fire.  Yea. I’m trying hard to think up a case against aubrey and she's been in  control of a lot of this game and I think Tai just gave her a million  dollars. You know what? I’m grateful I get to sit with you guys at the final  three and duke it out and breakfast in the morning. Are you sure there's no  challenge. Jeff didn't ever say... I’m still debating weather this is it or  are we going to have one more challenge tomorrow. Like jeff said, you jobs  not done. There's 2 days left. It doesn't sound like a final there's not  another challenge. Are you sure he didn't say...? There's not another  challenge. Another challenge? Well, it's tree mail. "your final  challenge is upon you. The winner earns the right to crow. And even more  importantly, decides who stays and who will go. Wow. Love you too much to go.  Oh my God, here I am once again having to fight for my life. We all thought  yesterday was the last challenge. And now we find out that the people going  to the end, the person who wins gets to choose the person they are taking. So  what ya thinking? This is now an individual game. There are no more  alliances. I’m on my own and I don't have many options. So, today's do or die  for me. I need to win the immunity necklace. Come on in guys. Alright, are  you guy ready to get to today's challenge? Yes. Yes. First things first.  Michelle i'll take back the immunity necklace. Today, immunity is not up for  grabs. You're not playing for immunity. You are the final three. You will get  a chance to plead your case to the jury and try to convince them why you  deserve the million bucks. Congratulations! Oh, God. But, there is a but. The  but is, you will be voting somebody out of this game tonight. It just won't  be each other. The winner of today's challenge, earns the right to vote out a  jury member. What? I mean holly crap. That's crazy.  Jeff: That means if there is somebody on that jury that you're concerned will  not vote for you, win this challenge, remove them from the game. Net result  one less vote for your competition. Could be a $1 million move.  Wow.  Jeff: Big stakes, right?  Huge.  Huge.  Wow.  Unbelievable.  Jeff: All right. I know it's worth playing for. Now let me tell you how  you're going to earn it. For today's challenge, you're going to balance on a  wobbly beam while using a long pole to stack balls on stands. If your tack  falls, you have to start over. First person to finish earns the right to vote  out a jury member. You might recognize this. This was from your very first  challenge. Nobody chose it. Today it's not an option. Today we're going to  test your skills. We'll draw for spots. We'll get started.  Yes.  Jeff: All right. Here we go. For a big reward, Survivors ready? Go! One at a  time you must stack a ball, then a stand, then another ball, then another  stand. We give you that first stand so you can get that first ball in there  kind of level. There will definitely be a learning curve to this. Don't panic  if you start dropping early. Tai and Michele both have their first balls up. Aubry  still working on hers. Unlike a puzzle, which starts difficult and gets  easier, this challenge starts easy and gets more difficult. Michele out to an  early lead with her second ball. Aubry with her second stand. Tai now has his  second ball. Aubry places her second ball. We have everybody with two balls. Michele  now places her third stand. Tai places his third stand. It is Michele and Tai  and then Aubry. Michele now has her third ball. Aubry now with her third  stand. Very close right now. Here comes Tai with his third ball. Aubry now  with her third ball. Michele now with her fourth ball. And there are six  total. Michele drops. Now Tai in the lead. Aubry right on his Tail. That's  going to happen. You're going to drop. When you jump off your platform, just  be aware, you're vibrating the very thing that you're stack is standing on. Aubry  drops. Tai is not looking good. Not going to stay. Just a matter of moments.  There it goes. Everybody starting over. It's now Michele back in the lead. Michele  rebuilding mao with her third ball. Aubry now starting over. She has her  second ball. Tai had to start completely over. No momentum yet. Michele moving  quickly with her fourth stand. This is a challenge that does require  precision. Moving fast is of no use if you're not straight on your stack.  Because the higher it goes, the more that balance becomes important. Michele  places her fourth ball. There's Aubry with her fourth stack. Every single  piece you place matters the position you put it many because the higher you  go, the more difficult it becomes to keep it straight. Michele coming back  with her fifth stand. It is Michele in the lead. Then Aubry, then Tai. Here  comes Aubry with her fourth ball. Got it. Michele coming back with her fifth  ball. Tai coming back with his third stand. Aubry places her fifth stand. Michele  places her fifth ball. One left. Aubry now with her fifth ball. Michele now  with her sixth stand. Michele looking very good. Aubry looking very good. Tai  in trouble. Michele places her last stand. Heading back for that last ball. Aubry  places her last stand, heading back for that last ball. Stacks both look  good. Who will get there first? Here comes Michele. Here comes Aubry. Michele  now has to place that sixth and final ball. This is where it gets tricky. Aubry  is with her sixth ball. You have to get that ball placed and then get the  full out and it's got to stay stacked Aubry loses everything! Michele wins  individual reward to vote out a jury member.  Good job, baby.  Thank you. Thank you, thank you.  Amazing.  Jeff: Michele, come on over. All right, Michele. This is yours. There's a  piece of parchment in there that you'll use to volt with. You get the honor  tonight at tribal council of reading that note and letting the jury know of  the twist that will impact them.  Amazing. Thank you.  Jeff: All right. Nice job. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. See you  tonight at tribal where for the first time you won't be voting anybody out  from your tribe. Grab your stuff. Head back.  Michele gets to vote off a member of the jury. And damn do I wish I had that  decision to make. It's a game changer. And how she decides to play it could  mess up my whole game.  Well, we all madeed to it day 39!  Oh, what a gift. Oh, my God. I was so terrified.  Terrified. We can all stay friends now.  Yeah, thank God. We would have stayed friends anyway. When jeff said,  "you're the final three. " I couldn't have been more ecstatic. Then  jeff turns around and says, whoever wins this challenge has a chance to vote  out a jury member. That's huge.  I actually don't know what I’m going to do.  Yeah, yeah, yeah. Good for you.  This has never happened in this game. So it's new territory. And I want to  make sure that I have thought of every possible outcome because it could be a  $1 million decision that I’m making tonight.  What do you think? I think I got to go Joe.  Joe's for sure.  He's for sure not going to vote for me.  He's dead set on Aubry.  I feel like it's smart to just go with the one you know is positive.  It's obvious. The brain side, it's not smart to take Neal out. Neal can  persuade people on her behalf. I need the influence Michele. There's only  eight jury members. So remove one tips the balance, and if you remove the  right person, tip the balance on your favor.  Joe I’m definitely sure on. Neal could go another way, but most likely he'll  go with her.  Yeah.  I don't see anybody else, right?  Those would be the two.  Aubry, I brought up Neal because I don't think Neal would vote for me, so  make her feel like it's her idea, and hopefully Michele votes the right  person.  I definitely want to pick your brain and see what some options are because  the obvious choice would be Joe. He's the only person that I can think of  that is 100% in one direction.  Yes.  Other than possibly Neal.  I mean, obviously you don't want me to vote that way.  I have two people on the jury that I think would vote for me. And those  people are Joe and Neal. And it turns out they're public enemies number one  and two.  Is there anyone else in your mind who you can see maybe they would be even  more of a threat?  I'm operating right now that Tai has more votes than he's letting on.  Agreed.  Who is going to be a sucker for his epic david versus goliath story?  I don't know. I think Jason and Scot, there's a good chance they could go Tai.  There's a good chance they could be bitter against Tai. But I can't imagine Jason  voting my direction, as well as Scot.  Yeah.  The other hand of Joe is that he's not going to get up there and maul  anybody.  Right.  I know. I can see Scot doing that.  At this point, I got to save myself. So I told her that, heck, maybe Scot's  the person to take out because he could come out and slander her character,  basically just tell her that Tai is a really big threat.  Who he is and what he's been through, you know, if he can get up there and  articulate what he's done, he's a huge threat.  I planted the seed. Hopefully it works because how Michele decides to play it  could weaken me. She has a loaded gun. I just hope she doesn't have very good  aim.  Hey.  Did you talk to Michele?  What do you think?  I vote Scot.  Why Scot?  They're very persuasive, him and Jason. I could totally vote out Scot.  Aubry's very clever. Scot potentially would be my vote. I betrayed him  deeply, but he might understand and appreciate my big move and he could  persuade some people.  If he has someone in mind, then he could stand up there and fight your case  for them.  That's really weak. I don't follow. Joe is much more dangerous I think.  I have a number of option, and I’m weighing them out right now trying to  decide which way would be better for me. And it's scary, because if I take  out the wrong person, then I’m going to look really stupid. And this decision  that I make, that will be the last thing that the jury will remember before  the final vote. The jury will remember before the final vote.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Neal, Nick, Debbie, Scot, Julia,  Jason, Joe, and Cydney voted out at the last tribal council. So  congratulations on making it to the final three. You've gone as far as you  can go in the game, and tomorrow night you will get a chance to plead your  case to the jury where your goal is to get every one of them to vote for you  to win the game. But that's tomorrow night. Let's focus on the present.  Today, Michele, you won the reward. Your fourth individual win. Pretty  impressive. It came with it a very valuable advantage. You guys know what the  advantage is. The jury doesn't, so go ahead and read it so we can catch  everybody up.  Tonight you will vote out one member of the jury.  Wow.  This person will not be present at the final tribal council and will not have  a vote in who wins this game. Choose wisely. This may be a $1 million  decision.  Jeff: So the stakes are very clear. Your advantage is to remove one person  from that jury that you're pretty sure is either voting for Tai or Aubry. And  that gets you one vote closer to the end. So tell me about this afternoon.  You're clearly thinking in your head, running numbers, who is on my side, who  isn't.  Yeah, absolutely. You know, one vote up there could be the deciding factor  between who wins $1 million and who lose, and so i've been running numbers  all day. I've been bouncing ideas off them, as well.  Jeff: What about Tai or Aubry's opinion could you trust?  It's interesting because you could see them protecting relationships that  they have, trying to steer you cerTain ways, and I’m just trying the figure  out who I can appeal to in the end and who is already kind of set on their  decision.  Jeff: So, Aubry, you can only be thinking one thing, I don't care who you  pull off this jury, as long as it's not one of my votes.  Jeff, this is uncharted territory. The map hasn't been drawn for this part of  "Survivor" yet, so I talked to Michele about it. There are  different ways you can play this vote. You can play with what you think is a  sure thing and take somebody out if you don't think they're voting with you.  Or you can opt to make a move. It can be used in different ways.  Jeff: Tai, I’m a little confused. To me it's very simple. I have a piece of  parchment, and hopefully I write down the name of somebody that was never  going to vote for me, and that takes the vote from you or Aubry. Tell me  where I’m missing the layer?  I think the chance to vote for somebody for sure or you vote somebody out who  can make a big statement and influence other people out of the jury, as well.  And also throw out a question to you and throw an easy question to the person  they're supporting.  Jeff: So Michele, it's not just removing a jury member, it's making sure I remove  the one that has the most potential to persuade the entire jury to vote for  Tai or Aubry?  Exactly. There are multiple people over there that could definitely go with  Tai, multiple people could definitely go with Aubry. Basically who is going  to stand up there and raise hell for that person that they want to win the  million and diminish my name that much more.  Jeff: So, Michele, in a way, final tribal council has already started and now  you have this opportunity to make a giant impression. Do you feel confident  that you're going to remove somebody who not only wasn't going to vote for  you, but that person also would have hurt your game in other ways?  I've gathered as much information as I possibly could about everybody and the  person that I’m choosing tonight has the capability to be very persuasive and  their vote was not going to go for me, and so, yes, I feel very confident in  my decision. It's going to strengthen my game and make me feel stronger and  more confident going into next tribal.  Jeff: All right. Michele, it is time to vote. I'll go get the vote. The jury  member who after 38 days will not be a part of the final tribal council and  will have no say in who wins this game... Neal. Neal, you've been voted out  of the jury. You'll be sequestered until after the final tribal council.  It's an honor to have my name written down.  You came to this game like a bad-ass bitch, but you're more like a puppy  suckling at the teet, and I don't think you stand a chance.  Jeff: I didn't hear all of, that but it sounds like you might have made the  right choice.  I think so.  Jeff: Well, you've gone as far as you can go in the game, Aubry, Tai, Michele.  You've outlasted everybody else in this game. But now the power does shift.  Now seven people will now decide your fate. You have one night left here. Get  some sleep. Clearly you're going to need it. Grab your torches. Head back to  camp. Good night.  I think tonight was a great swan song to be first-ever jury member to get  voted out. I think Michele voting me out of the jury was probably her only  move because I would have absolutely been a big advocate of Aubry. It was  smart of Michele, but I don't think it's going the matter because there are  two other competitors that played better games than she did. [applause]  jeff: I really wish that everybody watching at home could watch with us here,  because the sense of community is really exciting, and that's why you watch  those twists, those new twists. I'll tell you something, hold on here, I just  want the share this. Just to give you an idea, that vote out a jury member, I’m  not sure if this is a good thing or not, we've been talking about that for  seven years and just waited until we thought the time was right. Clearly it  looks like we were right because that was a dramatic move. All right. So Neal  gets voted out, pulled out, doesn't even get voted out. Now he gets voted out  of the jury. Rough season for him. He won't be at tribal council, but there  is an unexpected guest who will be at the final tribal council. Is it a  twist? I don't know. We'll be back. Next time I see you, I will have the  votes. Next time I see you, I will have the votes.  He wasn't too kind on the way out, was he?  He mauled me on the way out.  My goodness. That's all right. Next.  Well, I got slaughtered. It's going to be a long tribal.  Yeah.  I'm scared.  Neal went out kicking and screaming, and, you know, it proved my point he was  probably going the bash me at tribal, and I didn't give him that opportunity.  So it was a good choice on my end. But if tonight was any taste of what  tomorrow's going to be like, I think we're all in for a world of hurt.  This is going to be a roast. My worst nightmare happened tonight. Michele  used her reward advantage to vote out Neal. I think Neal was going to vote  for me. But I’m still in this game until the very end. So I need to fight  really hard for however many other votes I can get. Can get.  I have mail.  All right.  Congratulations, final three. At your convenience, follow the trail behind  your camp to one additional surprise, and see what toll these 39 days have  taken. Let's go! Being here and knowing that I’m final three, I’m like, okay,  there is a freaking shot. Oh, my God, there's a mirror. Oh, and a scale.  A scale?  Oh, my God. That is crazy. Wow. Tonight I’m going to convince the jury that I  didn't get here by luck or by chance and that, you know, I didn't slide  through. I made little adjustments here and there and fought my way to my  spot here. And when I needed to win challenges, that's exactly what I did.  My God. Whoa. I look like... Oh, my God.  Where's my butt. Oh, my God.  It's not there. No junk in the trunk. I’m right there with you, girl. At the  end of the day, I need that $1 million, so I’m putting it all on the line,  and I hope that people can see that I’m not some timid girl who glided along  but someone who strategically made moves this whole game.  Oh, my God.  Oh, my God.  Oh, my God. That's bread and butter.  Eggs.  Eggs.  Bacon.  Vegetables.  I'm this close to finishing the game. But one last thing is the most  important thing to face the jury and answer that question to their  satisfaction, and if I don't do it right tonight, the jury won't give me  their vote, and then all this hardship i've done for the last 39 days will go  to waste.  To the final three.  Final three.  Thank you, guys.  The biggest thing that I did is pull off the blind side Scot, because after Scot  fell, everybody fell with him. So that changed the whole game.  Oh, my God.  But I betrayed Scot, and if I want to win $1 million, I have to win Scot  over, but he's a big fan of the game, and he knows how the game is played. I hope  he's able to see that and say, yeah, he's a great player. And he could get my  vote.  I've gone through such a transformation from day one to day 39. The person I was  on day one was somebody completely paralyzed by the prospect of making a  decision, and this game shook me out of my anxious ball of craziness and  taught me that it's okay to be in control and it's okay if people perceive  you to be a threat. I’m really psyched to be in the final three, get to plead  my case to the jury, but I don't want to get too excited, because my game has  been all over the map. It's been like a potpourri of "Survivor"  triumphs and mishaps, and while I might not have been the flashiest person, I  was the woman behind the curTain, making things happen. But I’m going into  this final tribal council like I go into any tribal council. My head is on  the chopping block. How do I get it off?  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Nick, Debbie, Scot, Julia, Jason,  Joe, and Cydney. So on day one when you're fresh-faced, well fed, your  clothes are clean, this is what you dream about, getting to the end. You've  accomplished that. You've gone as far as you can go in the game. There is  nowhere else to go. The only thing you have left is convincing these seven  jury members that you're the one that deserves the title of sole Survivor and  the $1 million that goes with it. They are going the make you earn it. What  they're trying to do is get the information they need to make a $1 million  decision. I’m going to give you guys a moment to compose yourself, and then  we'll get to it.  Jeff: All right. It is time to bring this 39-day adventure to a close. Nick,  get us going.  Congratulations on making it this far. I’m going to give you some advice and  where we are at as a jury. There's going to be some animosity tonight. Some  of you might not even get a question. Some of you might get a statement. So  take advantage of every question that is asked toward you. Michele, display  intelligence tonight. In your answers, in you game play, and show this jury  that you do have intelligence when it comes to your strategy. Tai, december  play awareness with your game play. And Aubry, you have to display  confidence. If you don't do that, you don't have a shot at winning this game.  Most important of all, be honest. I don't care if you screwed up. When they  ask their questions, i'll be listening, wide open.  Jeff: Debbie.  Well, congratulations to the three of you. You guys should really be proud of  yourselves. I am. It's been a privilege. Tai, you came up with some  inexplicable votes switching from the guys to the girls to the guys to the  girls. I’m just really curious, is there more than one personality in your  skull where you were just torn with indecisiveness in your strategy?  I come to the game thinking social game is the toughest part because I do the  physical part. I enjoy, that but I don't think I did what you say I did,  flipping back and forth starting with switch. I was with Scot and Aubry at  the same time. And I was loyal to that until when we merged. And suddenly Scot  and Jason seemed to run the show in my little alliance. At that junction Scot  and Jason were trying to vote out Aubry, and at that point I broke the  alliance. Are you following me?  It's pissy, but I’m following you. I think the answer is no you do not feel  like you have multiple personality disorder.  I don't. I feel like for me it's a consistent game. I only flipped once. I was  not back and forth, back and forth. I only switched one, which is Scot. But  that's a big move I got to make.  All right. Aubry, it was a thrill for me to watch your metamorphosis from a  neurotic nerd to a geek warrior. I was there day one, day two. We're cold,  we're wet, we're miserable. We're uncomfortable. And my perception was I helped  keep you in the game, and do you really think you'd have done the same thing  for me?  I absolutely do, Debbie. You are my one regret in the game. When you were  about to have heat stroke, that was the scariest moment for me in this game.  It truly was. And by being so close to you, that was going to make the hard  decision I had to make in my game that much more painful, that much more of a  betrayal, so as a human being, I absolutely would have been there for you,  but at the end of the day, game-wise, we were headed in two different directions,  and you were too much of a threat.  I'm very proud of you.  Thank you, Debbie.  We let our geek flags fly, girlfriend.  We did.  Well done. Congratulations again, all of you.  Thank you, Debbie.  Jeff: Julia, you're up.  So, Michele, I think it's safe to say at this point that you are probably the  weakest link on the beauty tribe initially, and I think that first half of  the game, you got really lucky, not going to a tribal council for 22 days,  you just got to slide through without strategizing. Then the merge happened  and you became a number. You were dragged. In the next blind side you were a  number. In the Debbie blind side you were a number, and in the Scot blind  side you were blind sided by your own alliance. So when you voted me out,  your tightest alliance, I was proud of you because I think that was your  biggest move, and for me that was your turning point in the game, but is that  enough to justify a $1 million vote, just that very Tail end of your game?  I think it took time for me to find my footing in this game. I think that  coming in on brain or coming in on brawn, you had intelligence or you had  strength, and when you come in on beauty, you have to prove that you have  those things. You know, you come in with this automatic stereotype. So for me,  maybe it looked like, yeah, I was dragged or whatever, but when I figured it  out, I think I was able to excel in it. Those decisions were well thought out  for myself and for you until, unfortunately, I had to vote you out.  Okay.  Tai, I think you had the opposite. You started out so strong. I wanted you  out from the get-go because you were a huge asset at camp. You were dominant  on challenges. You were a huge threat. You were consistent until the merge.  Then things started to go crazy. Do you think my vote should be justified for  a strong first half of the game and a dee tier rating finish?  Basically I started really song. I blind sided Scot. After this I was not  weak. I just found an aligns I was comfortable with that went all the way to  the end.  Do you think that is what deserves $1 million?  Depending on what you value more? For me I still think my accomplishments  early on, all the things I did, I think that trump what she accomplished. So  I think you should vote for me.  Thank you. I appreciate both of your responses.  Jeff: Thanks, Julia. Joe, you're up.  Michele, I kind of know what your game is about, so tonight I’m going to  direct myself to these two other folks over here. Tai, let me start with you.  You are a selfless, hard-working man, you have what I would call a buddhist  soulfulness about yourself. You're a very, very truthful man, what I want to  ask is what made you think you should be the one considered and not Aubry?  Compared to Aubry, I accomplished more and also physically. I found the idol  and I won an extra vote and won immunity. I made the big move to get Scot  out. All those things I accomplished, I mean, I think Aubry and I have the  same kind of computer, keep running, running, running, running.  But your compute sir a little more haywire, but good answer. Aubry, how did  your game differ and what makes you believe that you really should receive  our votes?  In terms of strategy, Tai was incredibly helpful in that he came to me with a  lot of information, but I kind of had to step to the plate with the tools  needed to implement these ideas. If Tai didn't have me, nothing would have  ever happened. After the merge, I was on the right side of every single vote.  Tai was on the wrong side of the vote three times. Tai had super idols and  advantages, but I don't think he had his finger on the pulse of this game.  Like I had. I got to be the person people came to and then made a decision.  At the end of the day, I was able to rally people together to get something  done that could have just been a whisper in the wind.  Very good. Best of luck to all three of you. Take care.  Jeff: Jason, you're up.  All righty. It's truth time. I don't know who I’m voting for. Michele, the  night Scot went out, you voted Tai, you and jewela. You guys had no idea  about the blind side.  Right.  You weren't in that alliance before that was made.  Right.  Somehow you got in. That was the move that turned the whole game for you. Was  that luck or did you make that happen? If so, how did you make that happen?  So the reason that I was not told the Scot vote was because that alliance of  four did not trust Julia. At that point, I said, okay, you know, I’m willing  to vote out my tightest alliance in order to strengthen this new alliance.  When Julia went, Tai had wanted me out next rather than you. But they trusted  me more than trusted Tai, who flip-flopped the whole game. So I worked my  way. It was not luck. I made moves in order to get myself there.  Appreciate it. Tai, you always say you had a strong relationship with Scot  until I came in. What's the real reason, just honestly, and it's okay, why  did you leave us for them?  I got scared. I got scared of your bond so strong. I got scared that you guys  were going to vote me out, you know, and maybe I got jealous between you two  men who talk about men stuff, the thing member talk about is not what I know.  How you go about is so savage, and that's not how I do work. I do get scared.   Calm down, mark.  To be honest, the most genuine, I got scared of your relationship with Scot.  Okay. I appreciate your being honest, man.  Jeff: Thanks, Jason. Cydney, you're up.  Hi, guys. Long time no see. Aubry, going into the last tribal council, was it  always the plan to get me out?  I didn't want to let you go at that point. The plan was that Michele was  going to go home that night, but she won immunity, so I decided to vote for  you. You were the person who was with me with every decision along in the  game. You were there for the Nick vote, the Debbie vote, the Scot vote,  switching the vote from Michele to Jason. That was all your idea. So I had to  vote you out at that point, because I knew that's what you would do.  Michele, I really, really appreciate the fact that you gave me the  opportunity to build fire with Aubry. You could have easily been like, all  right, i'll put a blind side on my roster.  Can I ask you a question?  Did you know that we were both voting Cydney going into that tribal?  No. But I could have flipped. And I could have easily sent you out, and the  fact is, if I had known that they were going to go for you, then I would have  tried to save you if I could have. I wanted to be here with you.  Okay. Love you guys.  Thanks, Cydney.  Jeff: Scot.  Well, you know what the monkey said when the lawnmower ran over his sail...  It won't be long now.  That's right. Tai, we was going to ask you the question. You got an idol, you  didn't use it. You got an advantage, and you used it in a real dumb way. Your  alliance didn't trust you so you voted both of your votes for a woman who  didn't go anywhere. New england f none of your advantages did you any good.  Aubry?  Yes, Scot?  You started out this game, but "Survivor" has this twist, and that  twist is now you got to make us vote for you. Why would I vote for you, Aubry?   I think you would vote for me, Scot, because I think you're someone who is a  competitor and can appreciate that someone has a different competitive style  than you, and even though it might not be how you played the game, I played  the game with my strengths, which were personal. I think you can respect  that.  Michele, if this was four tribals ago and somebody said you three would be  sitting here, I would have said you're last place. Guess what you did? You  outtoughed those two. Tai got weaker. Aubry got weaker. You got stronger as  this game went along. Well done, Michele.  Jeff: Well, normally I would say we're done, but I feel compelled to give  each of you a chance, if there is anything that you think was left unsaid, to  say it right now. So Aubry, if you have anything that you didn't get a chance  to say, say it.  I came into this game, and I had a really rough start. And my game evolved as  I played. I made decisions that weren't easy for me. I managed a lot of  personalities to get me to where I am now. And even if I didn't win all those  immunities, damn did I try hard. I won a reward challenge on my own. And at  the end of the day, I came down to the ultimate Survivor moment. I made fire  here. I didn't think I could do that. I love this game. I love seeing what  this game brings out in you when you get out here and you just have to go and  play. I played my heart out. I think I outwitted. I know I outlasted. And I would  say I outplayed.  Jeff: Tai?  This game is so hard. People backstabbing each other. We don't need to stab  each other. I believe in goodness in humanity. I believe in kindness. You  know, it's who I am. You know, vietnamese have this saying -- [speaking  vietnamese] it's like life is like a hyacinth plant floating on water. And  somehow this "Survivor" season brought 18 of us together, and some  people we cling on tightly, and wind and waves blow us apart like Scot and i.  However strong I want to hold on the Scot, I couldn't, but it's like life.  It's like people float along the same path for a while and then for whatever  reason you will never see each other again but have great memories together.  That's all I can ask for.  Jeff: Thanks, Tai. Michele, any last words?  Yeah. You know, Nick said that I have to be intelligent tonight, and that  just goes to show that people thought that I wasn't playing an intelligent  game. And, you know, I had to keep my cool and have faith in myself and my  team. You know, I had the really fight my way here. And I think that I was up  against a lot of roadblocks in this game. And I was the only one who had faith  in me when everybody else was telling me I was at the bottom. And I believed  in myself and I trusted myself and I remained happy and positive and I’m proud  of how I played, and I’m just proud of myself.  Jeff: All right, jury. You should have all the information you need to make a  $1 million vote. I’m going to give you a moment. Let it all soak in and then  we will vote.  Jeff: All right. Jury, tonight you're voting for a winner, the person you  think is most deserving of the title of sole Survivor and that $1 million  check that goes along with it. For the last time, it is time to vote. Scot,  you're up.  I promised you I would, and I’m staying true to that.  Nice job, Aubry. Way to go.  Jeff: I'll go get the votes. Okay. Before we bring this to a close, Tai,  unless you have an idea how to get mark the chicken back to america --  i have no plan to bring mark to america.  Jeff: Do you want to let mark go and say good-bye?  I did everything I can for him up to this day, and it's up to fate now. Come  on. Good-bye. Hopefully he won't be someone's dinner any time soon.  Bye, mark.  Bye, mark.  Go on.  Jeff: All right. Aubry, Tai, Michele, jury, I will see you back in america  for the reading of the votes.  See you, mark. [cheering and applause]  jeff: All right. [cheering and applause]  jeff: All right. Thank you. Have a seat. Let's get to it. All right. Wow. Aubry,  Tai, Michele, I got to say, from start to finish, you really did have to earn  it this season from the heat to the evacuations to the blind sides, it was  non-stop drama from start to finish. But it comes down to this, the last  twist of "Survivor," a jury of people that you voted out, now they  decide who wins. It is social politics in the jungle, and it's delicious. All  right. I will read the votes. [cheering and applause] first vote, Michele. Aubry.  One vote Michele. One vote Aubry. Aubry. Two votes Aubry. One vote Michele. Michele.  We're tied. Two votes Michele. Two votes Aubry. Michele. That's three votes Michele.  Two votes Aubry. The winner of "Survivor," Michele. The winner of  "Survivor," Michele.  Oh, my God!  Oh, my God! Oh, my God!  Jeff: It was the season of the underdog, and Michele came out on top. Here's  your check, $1 million. We're going to bring everybody up here and talk about  the season. Aubry, from overwhelmed, oh, wow, to final three and a favorite.  Plus we had Tai, one of the most popular to ever play. He found idols,  advantage, even went to the dark side, and the dark side still haunts him. It  was also one of the scariest situations ever when Caleb was evacuated. We'll  get updates on everything. It's the "Survivor" live reunion show next.