<br/>i get by on my social skills, but I’m a jersey girl, and you got to get  scrappy sometimes. You had it out for me. I didn't get here by luck. It has  to be like two steps ahead. I didn't slide through.  Jeff: Michele wins individual immunity!  Michele has not pissed off anyone on that jury. She is the biggest social  threat in this game.  Blind sided.  I want the make a move that does solidify my title as somebody who earned it.   Jeff: Fresh off winning $1 million, Michele. Let's get into it. The reunion  shows always go very fast. There were three different approaches with you and  Aubry and Tai. What was the key for you? What was your game play about?  Yeah, well, I played a really social game. I think that's pretty evident, but  I think my social game was based on... Not based on emotion. I think it was  really about getting to know people on a personal level as a friendship  first.  Jeff: It seemed to me you stayed in the middle really well. You never  committed anywhere. You were just knowing when to bounce.  I think that I did play in the middle a lot. I played in the middle with Nick.  I played in the middle with Julia. I played in the middle with Cydney, which  is a dangerious place the play, but I wasn't being blamed for anything. My  name wasn't on the chopping block quite often.  Jeff: If that's the strategy you used, it's tough to get to the end, is the  key knowing when to hop to the next opportunity?  Yes, the key is absolutely knowing when to hop. It's knowing who to trust.  It's knowing when the feeling... The vibe of camp shifts. It's knowing how  the remain calm enough in order to feel that shift and know that, you know,  trust your loyalty and who you're with and what they're saying to you.  Jeff: Another thing I think really helped you, and some of the jury members  eluded to it, you were an underdog in the beginning because we put you in  these groups. You were in beauty for your physical beauty, and people looked  at you and said, okay, she's a beautiful woman, and you were able to use that  story to grow in front of people's eyes.  Yeah. I guess I did have a bit of an underdog story in the sense that I came  in as a beauty tribe girl, who Julia said it and Nick said it, as well, Julia  said I came in as the weakest beauty girl in the tribe. Nick said I need to  prove I was intelligent. You know, brain and brawn come in as people who are  known to be smart or known to be tough. As beauty, you have to prove those  things, and I played under the radar a little bit. You saw with Nick that I dumbed  myself down a little bit. And when I had to come out screaming, kicking,  fighting, I did. And...  Jeff: It worked. Nice job.  It worked. Thank you.  Jeff: Well, much like Michele did, watching somebody blossom and grow I think  for a lot of fans is one of the most enjoyable aspects of "Survivor."  and nobody grew more from day one in the shelter crying to day 39 in the  final three than Aubry.  I get stuck in my own head. It's the heart and the brain constantly fighting.  This is about proving myself that this is a hard-ass game and I can do it.  I'm not backing down.  Pitter am i, pal.  Jeff: Aubry wins reward!  I've gone from such a transformation. This game shook me out of my craziness  and taught me, it's okay if people perceive you to be a threat.  Uh-huh.  Jeff: So Aubry, a succinctly as you can, try to explain how somebody can get  so overwhelmed in this game instantly?  Sure. So I’m a big fan of the show. You get on there. There's all of these  things to process. There's the flag. You get dehydratedded. You start the  feel a little funky. The next thing you know you're freaking out about  freaking out and there's mango all over your face. And you're crying in the  shelter.  Jeff: I saw something you posted. Debbie called you I thinker in rottic nerd  to geek warrior, right? And then you posted on twitter, throw that up. You  posted a photo of you with cochran, sort of comparing yourself to cochran.  There it is. In fact, I think cochran is here tonight. I don't know if we  have a shot. There he is. Yes. And cochran is known now as an archetype on  "Survivor." did you feel that? Did you feel you blossomed from nerd  to warrior in  i definitely do. Cochran's kind of my "Survivor" spirit animal  because he is a little neurotic. He's rocking really cool frames, and I think  he's just really good at knowing how people are the way they are, what makes  him tick and how he fits into a group. So I think I understood that.  Jeff: And nobody would see you as an underdog today?  I don't think so. Absolutely not.  Jeff: That kind of answers my question about fans. You had a lot of people  really saying that they appreciated you showing your truth because a lot of  people can relate to feeling that feeling of overwhelmed. Did you get a lot  of that from people?  Yes, I had a lot of people telling me how if they were on "Survivor,"  that's how they would act. It was super humbling. It was the best experience  of my life. It changed me for the better. And if that gave people something,  like those people give as much to me, so I’m super grateful.  Jeff: Nice. All right. Well, every so often, we have a player that is so  unique and so captures the heart of the audience that they transend the  "Survivor" archetype and create a new one. We've had nearly 500  people play this game. We have never had anyone like Tai.  It's exciting. I can't sit still. This is "Survivor." it's  once-in-a-lifetime. I found the idol. I worked so hard for this. Thank you. I  love all living creatures. And I believe in goodness in humanity. You have to  kiss me. "Survivor" has to be the hardest thing i've ever done. It  really takes a toll on my emotion. I’m like a bamboo, winds keep blowing,  blowing, blowing. I’m resilient.  Jeff: Tai wins individual immunity. [applause] Tai, it's been a long time  since so many people have gotten behind somebody, whether you win or not,  just the spirit you brought to the show, it must be a crazy experience for  you to have people coming up and saying that they admire you and that they  love what you're about.  Yeah. As a gardener, I work outside. I have so many people come up to me from  all over the world. "Survivor" is big in can dark australia,  everywhere, and kids love me for some reason. I don't know. I think I just...  "Survivor" really scared me on the social game, but I’m coming  along. Wow. I just want to be who I am. I think that's just... I can't...  "Survivor" is so tough. It stripped out all... I mean, you're cold,  you're hungry, you strip out everything about you. You cannot pretend you're  somebody else you're not. But for me, I’m just who I am. I mean, every day I look  at me. I really say all living things matter to me. Everything have meaning,  living things, so, you know, I’m just doing things...  Jeff: Okay then. Okay. They see something in you.  Jeff -- [inaudible].  Jeff: Oh, my God. What? Okay. Wait. Glen, slow down, slow down, slow down.  This is an... This is not a moment, but I know who this is. Wait. Sia. Come  up. You don't have a mic. Wait, wait, wait. Come here, come here. Where do  you want to go, glen? Right here? Okay. This really is sia.  Tai, Tai, Tai...  Jeff: We met because you're a fan of "Survivor" and have become  friends. I know people right now are going, what is this bit, and I’m telling  you, you're about to tell me what this bit is.  I could not let Tai go home without saying that you're authenticity and your  care for animals really inspired me, so I want to donate $50,000 to you, and  I want to donate $50,000 to your choice of animal charity, and I just want to  say thank you for showing america how to be kind to animals.  Jeff: Wow. Yes.  May God, thank you so much. Thank you. That is very yen rouse of you.  Jeff: Wow. Glen, get a shot of the house, because we have a standing ovation  happening here. Now, why... Is this like a fan favorite thing, because part  of the money... You're actually giving money to Tai?  Yes. Well, I remember that you used to give money the fan favorite. I wanted  to do it for keith last year, but I was too chicken, pardon the pun, and this  year I just was watching you, Tai, and I know that, you know, it was a weird  little journey for you, but I really think that through it all you showed  your humanity and like when you just said, I was scared, and that's why you  voted off Scot, you know, that was like... That's powerful to admit the truth  in that way. I think that you're a teacher.  Jeff: Okay. This is crazy. And I love that you're up here, sia. Yes, Tai?  I think I’m just... I really thank you so much for bringing awareness of  animal... Not just animal, every living being and the planet alone, like we  are... We cannot be so human centric because without everything, without the  whole ecosystem, we will be doomed sooner than we think we will be. So I really  thank you so much.  Yay.  Jeff: I will figure out a way. Thank you so much for the charity and thank  you for all that. And I’m just... I’m speechless.  Jeff: You're speechless. So am i. All right. You guys stay up here. You hug  it out for a minute.  Thank you.  Jeff: I have to go see somebody down here. This is a bizarre transition to  make. But if there's anybody who can make it, it's drew carey, because...  [applause] all right. So that was funny. That was great.  I have no money.  Jeff: But you always have money. You're always giving away money.  I left my wallet in the car.  Jeff: So here's the thing. Drew, you were nice enough to invite myself and  some other Survivors to play in a prime time edition of "the price is  right."  yeah. Not only you guys, but the other reality show. Because we thought,  like, you know, it's a game. And they're really good at playing games. If  anybody in the audience had a chance the play cards or a board game with  people from "Survivor," you would go heck, yeah, because you want  to see them play these other games. So we thought, why not put them on  "the price is right," the longest-running television game show in  history. On "price is right," it's about figuring out the game  quick even more than knowing the price of the thing.  Jeff: We had a blast.  It was really fun. It's amazing to see how their minds work doing "price  is right" games as opposed to this.  It's on this monday, may 23rd at 8:00.  And it's my birthday.  Jeff: Happy early birthday.  Thanks, man.  Jeff: I’m going to walk back up here because this is why... Where we at? This  is why live television is still the greatest thing in the world. Because you  truly don't know what is going to happen, and I’m not even sure that was the  right transition. I’m not sure I should have gone to drew. Maybe I should  have gone to commercial, drew, and then come out fresh with you because this  is pretty beautiful. But you're so cool to have us on. I was torn. I didn't  know. My shoes went this way. My brain went that way, but I want to end back  over here with one of the greatest moments in "Survivor." up next,  it was a very scary moment. Three Survivors went down. We'll get an update on  the evacuation. More right after this.  Oh, there it is.  The season of "Survivor," it's tough.  I felt my body shutting down.  How you feeling, deb?  I have heat stroke.  The heat might be one of the biggest factors in this game. You can't escape  it.  Jeff: All right. We're going to have an evacuation.  Then there's something even grocer on my back.  It's absolutely brutal out here.  They're pulling me from the game.  Jeff: You are pulling Joe from the game? This is the most evacuations in any  season of "Survivor." [applause] well, that was the most frightened  that i've been on any day on "Survivor." it was one of the most  emotional and dramatic episodes we've ever done. Caleb, first of all, you're  100% now, right?  Yes.  Jeff: Walk me through what you remember.  Pretty much I remember the whole challenge up until I rolled the ball, made  the game-winning shot and that big relief was just like, thank God, we got  salt and pepper, you know, that kind of went through my mind. And as I fell  to the sand, everything just started getting a little dizzy. I looked up and  the trees looked like they were spinning, and I thought, I need shade like  right now. Plus I was in the hot sand anyway. I walked over to the sand and I  collapsed and that was it.  Jeff: That's all you remember? Because you were down for 20 minutes while dr.  Joe worked on you. And Nick held you and Jason was holding Cydney. It was  complete chaos.  I vaguely remember opening my eyes somewhere along the line, and I seen your  face above me, and you said that I was in good hands, and next thing you  know, I wake up on a helicopter.  Jeff: Well, it was... Okay. That's interesting. So then when you're watching  with your family and at the time your girl... You're married now, right?  Yes.  Jeff: Congratulations, but Caleb, one of the things that must be interesting  is you can't prep them because you actually don't know what you're about to  see.  No. Of course I got the call. Mom, I’m in the hospital. I had a heat stroke.  That's really all I know. I woke up with a mask on and i.v.s.  Jeff: Was that emotional for you family?  It was different. My mom, I don't think she's... Or my family, they've never  seen me in that type of situation. You know, they've never seen me gasping  for it seemed like my last couple breaths it looked like I was taking.  They've never seen that. For me, I’m a tough kid, I look over and my mom is  just ball. And when your a mama's boy, she cries, you cry. So I look over,  the whole room was emotional, and it was tough because again you're right, I had  no clue what I looked like, but I looked a hot mess.  Jeff: You looked like a stud playing a hard game. I want to introduce you  guys to somebody because here's the thing on "Survivor" that I want  people to understand. We are prepared for situations like this. We have an  emergency medical team and they are always here. They're at every challenge.  They're at every tribal council. We have safety swimmers in the water when  we're in the water, and the guy who heads everything up, dr. Joe rowles, we  call him "Survivor" dr. Joe. So just to give some perspective, how  serious was that day?  I think without a doubt Caleb was the sickest person we ever had to look at  on "Survivor." I think you could see at one point we were quite  worried about him.  Jeff: And we've done this for a while. Urgely you're very talkative and very  good at explaining things. You were not talking. You were asking for i.v.s  and ice.  It's one of the times when the show went out the window. I think you could  tell that when I stopped talking and he was working with me. We had to  concentrate 100% on Caleb really.  Jeff: One of the interesting things about this job is you have this weird  thing where you can't help people most of the time. If it's a scab or  infection, you can't do anything about it. But when it comes to life and  limb, you have to make this call. And being an adventure guy yourself, what's  it like, for instance with Neal and Joe, you had to pull them from this  adventure.  That's right. We know how hard these guys work to get where they are. The  last thing we want to do is take anyone out of the game. We don't do it  lightly. The minor things, cuts, scrape, abrasions, these guys have to deal  with it themselves back at camp. But occasionally we will have to step in if  we feel there's a threat to someone's long-term health, their life or limb.  Jeff: How hard is that for you just as a guy into adventure? Because I feel  you have an empathy with them.  I love watching them play and how much effort they put in. I feel terrible  when you tell someone, that's it. We have to take them out of the game. Caleb  wouldn't have come out of the game if i'd have given him a choice. If he was  conscious, he would have said he didn't want to come out, I’m sure.  Jeff: It was maybe the biggest move of the game when the superidol came into  play and Tai said. No we'll talk to Jason, Scot and Tai about that night. Be  right back.  Jeff: Well, social media was on fire, much like it probably is right now  about the sia moment, the night Tai turned on his alliance and denied Jason  and Scot the idol. So Tai, just quickly walk me through it. When did you  decide that you weren't going to go along with the superidol?  I actually decided I’m not going to im -- go with the super idol the night  before.  Jeff: So you knew you were going to make a move?  Yes, it was still very difficult to stand up with two guys next to me, like  two big giant guys.  Jeff: Yeah.  And I woke up in the middle of the night and talked to Aubry about it. I said,  I’m losing my voice. I’m at the bottom of this alliance. I cannot control  these big giant beasts with two heads. I have to cut off one. It was supposed  to be for Jason and he won immunity. I talked to Aubry. We're going to do it.  This girl I never connected with, I just feel like home. So I did. So I went  in there knowing I’m going to do it.  Jeff: Got it and we're live. Jason, I think I know the answer, but everybody  is asking, why give Scot the idol beforehand, because the super idol is super  cool and you could make the move after the vote?  It was to make Scot feel as secure as I felt. I have a necklace. I’m not  going home. We thought Tai was with us. He's got something. Why let my friend  hang out to dry.  Jeff: Because you do have to find people to trust even though trust is  themost elusive thing in the game. I guess that's when Tai lost your vote new  york that moment.  You can say that.  Jeff: Debbie, I got to say... [cheering and applause] one of the most  original, you're up there with rupert and coach and philip, one of the most  enterTaining players ever, and the big question I have for you, did you feel  the arc? Because when the show started, people were like saying things like, Debbie,  she's a nut. And by the time you were out, people were going, oh, man, I thought  she had a shot to win.  Well, sanity is overrated first of all, so me and my multiple personalities  really like the world we inhabit. You know, everybody did stupid things.  Everybody did smart things. Everybody was weak. Everybody was strong. Except  you, Scot. No, Scot was snarling 95% of the time.  Jeff: Debbie, it's a simple question, though, were you in on the joke in that  people see you as odd at first until they get to know you?  Yes. I’m eccentric, not odd.  Jeff: Eccentric, better word. Quickly new york 30 second, list all the things  you can think of you've done.  Taking care of horses, taking care of nuns. Taking care of my family. Chemistry,  microelectronic, counterfeit detection of computer chips. U.s. Air force  auxiliary. I have been paid to juggle, model and act.  Motorcycle riding.  I don't get paid for that, but if you want the pay me, I ride a harley.  Jeff: Debbie we love you.  Thank you. I love you.  Jeff: Joe, and I know I’m rushing a little bit, but we're running out of  time. Getting it done at 71. All I want to know is... [cheering and applause]  I mean, you really are... It's easy to pick on you and say you were falling  behind in challenges. You're 71 freakin' years old. The body does start to  break down. Why "Survivor"? There are so many easier adventures.  Because it was an adventure. I set my heart. You gave me a shot with these  wonderful people to do it. Thank you, jeff.  Jeff: Glad you were there. Julia, at the other end of the spectrum, the  youngest person, you were so young that you lied and said you were in your  20s. What life lesson did you learn?  You know, I think that when I was on brawn beach and I was put by myself,  completely isolated, I was in a really vulnerable place, and I used that  experience as a life lesson to be like, look, life throws you these  unexpected moments, and you have to figure out, am I going to let this drag  me down or am I going to let it fuel my fire? Watching it was extremely  difficult. I was crumbling and seeing myself so weak was really hard to do.  At the same time, it fueled my fire to get me through the rest of the show. I  think that you need to take the bull by the horns basically and just go for  it and use those negative moments to empower you.  Jeff: Nice. Well, there's one other thing I want to talk about. Mark the  chicken. First of all, there was also a chicken named jeff that they ate. I’m  just saying. But mark the chicken, if you don't know, can we go to a shot of  the booth? It's actually named after mark burnett. There he is, mr. "Survivor."  and I love that the chicken -- Tai actually convinced people not to eat a  chicken on "Survivor." that's crazy. That's why sia came up here,  that power you had. All right. This game "Survivor," it's about  adventure. It's what we're talking about. We wanted to be the adventure of a  lifetime. It's why we spend so much of the year trying to make this show kick  ass and find compelling people to come out and seek this adventure. At the  risk of sounding redundant, I’m telling you, we have another great season,  and we're going to give you a sneak peek when we come back.  Jeff: Well our next season of "Survivor" will be our 33rd season.  And we are still so enthused about this show. We found the greatest location,  my all-time favorite location in fiji. It is beautiful, island, those  underwater shots where the Survivors jump in. You're going to love this  season and the theme is really cool. Here's what we are doing next. For our  33rd season, "Survivor" will put 20 new castaways to the ultimate  test to move which generation has what it takes to outwit, outplay and  outlast. It's "Survivor" millennials versus gen x.  It's hard work. It's not how fast I can type it on google and find the  answer. Millennials don't have a clue. They don't have a plan. They cerTainly  haven't been battle tested.  If you haven't ever been knocked down, you don't know how to get up and  fight.  I think the older generation have been brainwashed with you have to have a  career. You have to do a, b, c, d. I’m a free man. I don't like to be caged.  I’m going to go do it. #fullSurvivor.  We're constantly told, grow up, stop playing, it's not a game, but this is  life. I play video games online for a living. It's a blessing and it's  because I’m a millennial.  I don't feel like most young people are quite as driven. I feel like they're  a little bit more che sara sara. If it takes me seven years to finish school,  who cares? My parents are paying for it.  They're always on social media and twitter. I generally resent technology. I think  twiter is the worst thing invetted. I’m on twitter, but I think it's  horrendous.  I might not look it, but I’m an outdoorsy person.  They think we're old. They think we don't get it. There were no participation  awards when I was growing up, but who I am, I could have used a dozen. But  "Survivor" is all about earning it, whereas maybe millennials feel  like they deserve it.  Jeff: The greatest social experiment on television continues with "Survivor:  Millennials versus gen x" this fall on cbs. Glen, get a big shot of our  cast. It is very hard the transition from one season to another. It's like  seeing your ex with somebody. I just want to say, you guys were amazing this  season. I thank you for doing "Survivor." I think you're going to  love next season. Take a break. We'll be right back.  Jeff: All right. If you want the take part in the "Survivor"  adventure, go to cbs.com/casting. If you want to own props from this group and  this season of "Survivor," Survivorauctions.com. Proceeds go to Survivor  stand up to cancer. Thank you for your loyalty. Good night. Captioned by  media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org