<br/>jeff: Previously on "Survivor"... You have two minutes to salvage  whatever you can off this boat. 18 new castaways divided into three tribes.  The brains tribe has a ton of knowledge.  I worked for the government doing data analysis.  Jeff: No one's resume was longer than Debbie's.  I'm a capTain, civil air patrol. I have extensive training.  Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.  Jeff: But it didn't impress her tribe.  She annoys everybody to death.  Jeff: The beauty tribe, the women thought they could use ty.  Ty's perfect to take along with us.  By Tai got caught looking for a hidden immunity idol, making himself the odd  man out.  I don't fit in, so I feel like I’m in trouble.  Anchor: The brawn tribe was flecking their muscle, but Alecia couldn't keep  up.  She doesn't do anything.  Hard sun. My shoulders are fried.  It's so hot out here, it scrambles your brain.  Jeff: But Aubry wasn't the only one losing her mind.  I have a bug in my ear.  It hurts so bad.  I see it. Ew!  Jeff: At first immunity challenge, Darnell and Alecia were a mess, exposing  brawn's weakness. The brawn tribe goes to tribal council. At tribal council, Alecia  fought to stay in the game.  I'll work my butt off in challenges, and I will step up.  Jeff: Her tribe gave her another chance, sending Darnell home. Darnell, the  tribe has spoken. There was a theme to tonight's tribal. If you're going to  talk the talk, you better be able to walk the walk. 17 are left. 17 are left.  Who will be voted out tonight? Who will be voted out tonight?  Let's never do that again.  I just want to say, I’m really going to step it up.  I'm glad you're still here, sweetheart.  Alecia, now do you trust us?  Yes.  Now we can trust you?  Yes.  All right.  I was a little nervous there for a minute. I thought they were going to try  and vote me out tonight. Fortunately Darnell ended up going home. But what  threw me off, is if you guys want me here, why are you talking so much crap  to me in trouble. I almost wonder, I could be wrong, but I saw Jenny and Jason  whispering during tribal. At one point I thought I heard someone say, "i  changed my mind." maybe they were going to vote me out.  I'm just really confused at this point.  I am going to chop my finger off.  I have another idea.  The truth is blonde was this close to going home tonight, so she should be  thanking her lucky stars she has to spend three more days here or however  long, because i'll be honest, she's driving me nuts.  To be honest, we started to reconsider our vote. Scot and I are like, are we  doing the right thing?  We almost got it, guys. We had an. Ber and it went out, but we almost got it.   Embryo?  Me and my words.  She's just so dumb. I mean, end of the day, she's next. Next.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Oh, my gosh. It is.  Wow.  I have no idea what my standing is with the tribe. So I want desperately to  go out and look for that adoll, but I got caught the first day, and I don't  want to put a target on my back. I say I went to get water. I’m going to go.  I'll go really fast. I want to go back to where I was looking the first time  because I think that's nose obvious place. What did I miss? Did I pick out  this one? Yeah, I did pick out this one. It's got to be somewhere here. Red  ants, red ant, red ants. Oh, no freaking way. No freaking way. Oh, my God. I knew  it! The idol is buried at the foot of this tree. In way. It's the idol. What  is this? Congratulation, you have found the immunity idol. First you will  need a key to open this box. Follow the map to the tree on the map. The key  is just outside of your reach. First you have to get high enough. Damn,  that's a trick they're giving me. I thought I got the idol. I look up and  it's a clue. Oh, no. Oh, my God, that's a lot of work. I said, I don't have  time for anything. It's getting late. I don't know how much time I spent  already. Hopefully they're still at the beach. What is a black palm? Does it  look differently? I see it over here. It's high. It's way on top of the palm  tree. So I’m going to have to bite the bullet and just go for it. Slowly.  Slowly. Don't go down whatever you do. Oh, my God. This is so high up. Can I doait?  Oh, definitely testing me. Oh, almost there. I can do it. Oh, no. I’m not  doing so well. The palm tree is like sand paper sanding both my thighs. My  whole chest is burning. The bottom of my foot is bleeding. I’m thinking, I cannot  get the idol. I have to get back because i've been gone too long now. Been  gone too long now. I have to get back another day. I have to get back another  day.  All right.  I'm so excited that we won kerosene. Want to do the honors?  Sure. I was a bit of a pyromaniac as a kid.  There you go.  Yeah.  Whoa. [clapping]  okay, next time a little less kerosene.  It feels so amazing that the brains tribe won the very first challenge of  this game. We've been feeling really cohesive and tight, and this victory  really has solidified us even better.  I'm thinking we should put on another pot of water.  Agreed. Elisabeth is a smart girl, however, the chances of there being  organic chemicals here that we have to boil to fitter the water are virtually  slim to none. I don't want to touch her boiled water. I've been drinking this  from the get-go. It's in my realm of experience to be able to judge water  just by looking at it. Keep in mind I have 20 years experience analyzing  water.  I understand it's not crucial because you're still alive and you're not  drinking any treated water.  None, none.  It doesn't prove you haven't picked up any pair sites.  Just because I have an immune system like a horse doesn't mean you do.  I don't.  I do. I grew up around pigs, horse, cattle, everything.  Debbie marches to the beat of her own drum. When I first saw her, does she  have 30 cats or 40 cats? And the question, the answer is probably 40 cats at  her house right now.  I always tell people, when I personal train them, I say, look, just because I  can run ten miles doesn't mean you can or you should. A lot of people that  need to lose a lot of weight should just walk, don't you agree?  Oh, yeah, stay active. Jogging and also women with boobs should not be  running.  Number one personal trainer. Number two, chemist. What else?  She raises turtles. I don't think that's a job, though. That's a hobby. I think  Debbie wants to prove how strong and competent and capable she is.  Wow.  But she doesn't reaLize that all talk, if it's not backed up with anything,  isn't going to get her anywhere.  So I think it's just you've got good hand-eye coordination or you don't.  Yeah. You apparently have amazing hand-eye coordination.  I think I have fairly good.  Debbie is not exhibiting much game play whatsoever, so she's the person you  want on your team. That's what you want, a brain to have no game. I’m keeping  Debbie around as long as I can.  This is breakfast sugar.  It's going to be like eating cinnamon toast crunch.  You really have the appetite of a child.  Cute.  You like that?  Very child-like. Look at the man holding that. I’m paying them a compliment.  Trust me, it is.  I know you're sweet, next to you.  If I want to get the idol, I have a huge amount of work, but I don't know how  to go about doing it. So I think I’m going to lay low because I think maybe  my charm, my personality will help me connect with the people in my tribe.  &gt;&gt;i missed you last night. My boyfriend likes that.  He's like, how old are you?  Where I’m from you don't see Tai. He's not the average country guy. First  night I was here, Tai, hey, man, I’m cold, can I cuddle you to warm up. Yeah,  man, you can hold me the warm up. There is no such thing in homophobe in this  guy right here. I like hanging out with him because he's one of a kind for  sure.  It's a hornet. It's beautiful. He's just looking for food.  Well, he's going to look for food on my foot.  No reason to kill anything.  It's a fricken bee, dubai.  Caleb and Tai are themost different people i've met in my life. Caleb is a  country boy, a hunter.  You'd get mad at me if I kill a bee?  Yeah.  Tai is a gardener who is so concerned about animals and the environment.  It was here before you moved. You moved.  It's my house he needs to go somewhere.  They are two totally different personalities that you wouldn't think connect,  but somehow they get each other.  Caleb, I dare you.  Oh, you dared me.  Oh, boy.  You have to use your mouth. What do you think? There's the ball. No, not for  you? It's protein, my friend.  Protein my foot.  The bromance is real out here. They bicker like a marry couple and then they  kiss and make up.  Take the whole thing. Get some.  You tried to kiss me.  No, I did not. I tried to bite. I don't know why I did that.  I don't know why I did that.  I was totally going for the kiss, just to shock him and tease him. I know he  can take it. I think he likes it a little bit. I hope I don't get you in  trouble.  Next time just ask.  Okay.  Okay.  No.  No.  We need to keep this stuff covered so it will dry out. Let me see how much  fuel is left.  Where the hell did it go?  The rubber seal?  The seal's gone.  It's been leaking.  We really need that.  The kerosene is frustrating because we started with this little very valuable  jar. Joe put one-third of it on the fire and then let it tip on its side, and  we lost most of it. What's going to happen if we don't have our fire is we're  going to drink from the well and people could get sick.  I keep throwing things down for these guys to trip over. It's what I loved  about you. I said, give me the disciplined guy.  There is practicality in being here. I would say the two most practical  people are Debbie and me. This is what we have left. I have a lot of survival  skills having a military background, and the rest of the people, I think they  have book knowledge, but it's not the same thing. These are wet. These guys  are shot. You got to be kidding me?  I was pretty upset about the fire because I was dying for some freshly boiled  water, and Joe wasted a lot of kerosene and destroyed most of the rest.  Maybe if we drop a smoking ember into some kindle.  I'm taking care of it, Liz, okay. Liz is becoming kind of a pain in a butt.  She knows everything about everything. It's like, come on already, please.  It's not going to kill any bacteria.  There's pathogens in it. Pathogens might bite. As far as I’m concerned,  everything Liz knows is book knowledge from stringing together a rod to get  coconuts to sprinkling ant dust to prevent ant attacks to making water filter  things that don't work. It's like I’m at kindergarten camp and it's just  irritating.  I'm feeling emotional just because I’m physically very weak right now. And Joe  doesn't seem to care or appreciate that I really need a fire going. I hate  being emotional. I hate allowing myself to not do the logical thing at every  given point. I know that I’m capable of being patient and calm until I can  get some water in me. So I just need to like hide myself for a little bit  until myself for a little bit until the fire is going. The fire is going.  I'm tired. I just have no energy because I have no fuel.  I'm sucking all the way around.  Everything is going wrong for the brawn tribe. We can't make a fire. We don't  have fresh wire. We don't have anything to effect. We might look brawny. We  are weaklings at this point, weaklings.  Damn, you got blisters.  Bubbles. I thought it was sweat. Really bad.  My shoulders are fried. My shins are fried. My thighs are fried. But I was in  iraq and afghanistan, so I can live with it. I can embrace the suck of. This  I’m used to the suck. I just keep chalking it up to another horrible day.  Let's move on. But for now I need the stay in the shade.  At this point I kind of feel like I’m at the bottom, but I don't believe in  quitting. I don't believe in giving up. So I need to show them why they  should keep me in the game. And I’m going to keep trying until I see flames.  Why is she trying to do that?  I think she's just worried.  I think she's just worried.  Don't doubt her right now.  Don't doubt her right now.  Not one thing has gone right. We're here in misery laughing our asses off.  Oh, my gosh.  I've been over there by myself trying to make the fire all day. And I look  over, and the hit man and the nba player are having nap time. And it's just  frustrating. Got fire. I got fire! It's going out.  Keep blowing, keep blowing, keep blowing.  This is going. This is going.  We need baby sticks. That's what we need, baby sticks.  Good girl.  You're welcome.  Thank you. Thank you.  One thing I love about alicia, she's not a quitter. She's tough. That boosted  her self-esteem so much. She just so badly wanted to contribute in such a  huge way. We need people like that.  Heat tonight!  This fire has saved us. Scott, here's your piece. Here you go.  Oh, my goodness.  Now we have food and clean water, and I just feel like we're just going to  get stronger and stronger, and that's huge. Because we definitely need to  start winning challenges. Start winning challenges.  We nailed it!  We nailed it!  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Brain tribe, beauty tribe getting your first look at  the new brawn tribe. Darnell voted out at first tribal council. All right you  guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yes, please.  Jeff: First things first, take back the idols. Give it up, Liz.  Sorry to see it go.  Jeff: You have chance to get it back. Caleb. Once again immunity is back up  for grabs. For today's challenge you will race down the river to retrieve a  very heavy log. You'll then carry it through a series of obstacles. Once you  reach the cradle, you'll untie a ball and use it to knock down two targets.  First two tribes to finish win immunity, safe from the vote. Losers, tribal  council where somebody will be voted out. In addition, you're playing for  reward. Want to know what you're playing for?  Yeah.  Jeff: First tribe to finish...  Oh, fishing gear.  Jeff: The ultimate Survivor fishing kit. With this kit, that ocean, you  should be able to feed yourselves. There will also be a boat waiting for you  back at camp.  What?  Jeff: Second tribe to finish, smaller kit, still gets the job done. Losers,  nothing but a date with me at tribal council where somebody will be voted  out. Brain tribe, you have one extra member. You're going to sit somebody  out. Who will it be?  Me.  Debbie.  Jeff: Beauty tribe, sitting somebody out, who is it going to be?  Me.  Jeff: Julia.  Yeah.  Jeff: Take a seat on the bench. Everybody else, take a minute to strategize  and we'll get started. Let's do it. All right. Here we go. For immunity and  reward, Survivors ready? Go! First you got to get through that thick mud to  your log. Can't start untying until everybody is there.  Jen, go. Caleb, go.  Jeff: Beauty off to fast start. They're untying the knots to release that  log.  Come on, guys. You're doing awesome.  Jeff: Go! Once you have that log untied, start moving.  Good job, beauty!  Jeff: Brawn out, beauty out.  Come on, guys.  Jeff: Here comes brains.  Way to go, brains.  Jeff: These logs weigh about 300 pounds. You can go over, under, float it,  whatever you want. Brawn went to the first tribal council. They do not want  to go back.  You guys are doing so awesome.  Jeff: It is brawn and beauty right now with brains falling behind.  You've got this, guys. Go, brains, go!  Jeff: It's a listening challenge and it is going to punish you.  Good, good, good.  Jeff: Now you got to lift this log, 300 pounds, on your shoulders and  continue on.  Brains, go, brains, move that gray matter.  Jeff: Another physically exhausting challenge. It is beauty and brawn side by  side. Brains trying to stay in this. Go, beauty. Beauty now working on that  second obstacle. Brawn now heading through that second obstacle. Here comes  brains. You got to get that log through the obstacle.  Ready? One, two, three, heave.  Pull back. Now push up. Let's go.  One, two, three, heave.  Jeff: Caleb takes a big fall. Tai takes a fall. Beauty first out. Brawn hung  up a little bit. It is beauty now in the lead. Now you have to untie that  ball that you need to launch your target. Brains now closing the gap.  Let's go, guys!  Go. Go, go, go go,.  Jeff: Here comes the brawn tribe. Everybody is in it now. Beauty has their  ball. They're heading out to the slingshot. Go, beauty! Got to get that rope  into your slingshot. If your rope is tangled, it will not make it to the  target. Brawn has their rope free. They're heading out. Brains still untying  that rope. Brawn now to the platform. The beauty tribe is all knotted up.  They had a big lead, and they have given it away. Brains tribe now has come  back.  Yeah, brain, yeah. Go, go!  Jeff: Beauty tribe still knotted up. There goes a shot for the brawn tribe. 3  falls short. There's a learning curve to this.  Caleb, you're good. Caleb, you're good.  Jeff: You got to pull that rope back in.  Here we go. No there goes Caleb.  Yes!  Jeff: There's one for the beauty tribe. One more.  We got to get the rope up. Come on. Up here.  Come on!  Jeff: Brains tribe has made up a lot of time.  Yes!  Jeff: Caleb launches and hits for the brains tribe. We are tied 1-1. Here  goes Scot for the brawn tribe. Scott connects for the brawn tribe. One target  left for each tribe. Either could win it right here. The brain tribe falls  short.  Oh, baby.  Jeff: Opens the door for the beauty tribe. Caleb for the win. Yes! Beauty  wins immunity and reward. It's now down to brawn and brains for second place.  If you fumble, it will cost you. I will see you at tribal.  Go. Get it. Put it back down. It's tangled up.  Jeff: This shot could win it right here for the brawn tribe. Just misses.  Brawn is hustling to get another shot in.  Yes! Caleb!  Jeff: Brain tribe wins immunity and reward, sending brawn back the tribal  council for the second time in a row.  I love you guys. Fantastic, baby.  We tried.  Jeff: Beauty tribe, congratulations. Immunity once again. No tribal council.  Brain tribe, same result, immunity, no tribal council. Beauty, in addition,  the ultimate fishing kit, this should change your life. Come get it, head  back to camp, enjoy the night off. Brain tribe, good work for you, as well.  Come get it. It's a smaller fishing kit, but it will get the job done.  Thank you, jeff.  Jeff: Good effort. No tribal council tonight, nobody going home. Grab your  stuff, head back to camp. Brawn tribe, tribal council again tonight. Somebody  else will be voted out of this game. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. See  you tonight at tribal council.  You don't want to go down as the worst tribe in history. Let me tell you, our  ship is sinking and we're on our way to sinking and we're on our way to that  record. That record.  I missed. It happens.  I don't chalk that up to you.  I'm in the saying I’m taking all the blame, but if we connected...  And we didn't.  And we didn't. We lost the challenge. We're going to tribal... Again.  Fortunately Jason, Cydney, Jenny and mice, we're strong. We genuinely like  each other. I would be shocked if one of us turned. That leaves Alecia.  We are so worried about what Alecia does and what we allowed her to do was  untie a knot. We know what she brings to the table.  Blondie, she's a ditz and a half, a ditz. I’m sure she's got a good heart,  but she's just dumb. She's always confused. She's like an ostrich. She's a  bird, but she can't fly, so she's useless. So you got to get rid of her.  There shez xi goes. She looked back five times. It makes everybody else go,  okay. We know what you're doing for sure.  She'll never find it.  It's like looking for a needle in a haystack. I’m getting a little worried  about tribal tonight because not once did any of them ask me to be in an  alliance with them, so I guess that's telling me something. There's still a  hidden immunity idol out there, but where it is, nobody knows.  She's still out searching?  Yep.  She's just so stupid. Every day she blows my mind a little bit more.  Oh, boy.  I had an alliance in the beginning, but it's funny what six days out here  does to you. You really get to know people for who they are and what they  are, and to be honest, Jason is starting to piss me off. I don't like his  attitude. He just sits around and doesn't do anything except talk about Alecia,  and I’m tired of it.  Okay, blondie.  Blondie.  Jenny?  Uh-huh.  Let's do it.  That's really close.  It look like it landed in there.  Balloondy.  Alecia, what's the best thing we can do?  That's not the best thing you can do. Win a challenge?  No. That's not it either.  I was thinking, you guys can do it easy and help me out, right? We can vote  out one of the guys.  Yes.  Us girls will stay strong. We'll make the merge. When we make the merge, they  go after guys like them, and they're not going to have an alliance. So if you  go us with, we have a better chance of not getting picked off.  Very good point.  It's funny how quick things change because I thought I was going home, and  then jen's like, hey, let's do an all-girls alliance.  My gut has been telling me to do this all along. I've been ignoring my gut  because I gave my word. Now Jason is just pissing me off.  He's annoying. We think we need the guys, which we do. We can knock off Jason  and we'll have Scott for the next two challenges.  Listen, you're absent minded and you drive me crazy, but I like you. This  game is about big moves. If this works and Jason goes home tonight instead of  me, I would be really excited. I might even this a little happy dance. I’m going  to be stoked.  I don't like that they're together.  There's in breaking up our four.  I worry about that.  100%. 100%.  Okay.  We're good, right?  Of course.  He's a little suspicious. The last thing I want is him questioning...  I have this thing, they call it low-impulse control. I chase shiny objects.  Sometimes when I hear ideas, I think, that's a good idea. Let's do that. Then  I reaLize blindsiding Jason is also me blindsiding Scot, and I actually like Scot,  and he trusts me. So I don't know what to do.  I'm confused.  I'm asking you. I can go either way right now. Let's think about it. My gut  was to go all girl, but now I don't know. We have plenty of time to...  I was getting ahead of myself. We can do that later. I’m like, what is going  on? Like when did this tide turn? The girls are all over the place.  I'm sorry. I didn't mean to be wishy-washy.  She's got some balls going back and forth like that. Every time I turn around  something is going on, but all I know it's up in the air at this point. And  that's a very, very and that's a very, very dangerous way to go to tribal.  Dangerous way to go to tribal.  Jeff: Alecia, last tribal council it was your or Darnell. Did you feel heat,  oh, great, now it's me.  They did say I was weak in the challenge, but since then i've done well and  pulled my weight around camp, so hopefully it will not be me tonight.  Jeff: Jenny, six days in, there are a lot of ways tribal could go tonight.  You could be playing the long game.  Right.  Jeff: Or alliances take over, or you could easily say three women, pick off  one of the three guys, let's stick together.  It was definitely up in the air after you hear a couple different stories,  you have to think, wow, that might make sense. Oh, damn, this isn't as solid  as I thought. So there was definitely some back and forth, what do we do.  Jeff: Scott, why the big reaction?  To hear Jenny say I was up in the air at camp, my eyebrows are up. Now I’m wondering.  En.  Jeff: Wow. Just like that, Jason, the game turns.  That's part of this game is that it turns on the drop of a dime. It's a  classic what happens after you lose challenge, and you're getting ready to go  the tribal council. The question is how much of that gets out and who finds  out what you just said and then you come to tribal and things get confirmed.  Things you think get confirmed. But the truth is, yes, ideas were thrown  around, but you guys all assume because another idea was discussed that the  plan was changed.  I didn't think anything had changed until I just heard you right here say,  yeah, back at camp everything was up in the air. As far as you told me at  camp this afternoon, the plan was in. It was done.  At that point it was.  Wow. I didn't reaLize it was going to turn that quickly because I admitted  ideas were discussed.  You have an alliance, you go someplace together and you never waiver.  That's exactly what we've done up to this point.  Jeff: Wow. Alecia, what do you take from that?  That sounded like they had something locked in and Jenny said it's up in the  air that. Raises a lot of questions.  So why not let this be completely honest. Alecia came to me and said, let's  do an all-girl alliance.  That was jen's idea.  You said, jen...  She was the one trying to get us to have an all-girl alliance.  New york I was not. No I was not.  Who did you say to throw on that chopping block.  Jason.  Absolutely.  Jeff: That's everything busted right there.  Again, it was alicia's idea.  Whatever you say, Jenny.  But where is that going to get me? Vote me out and let's keep losing  challenges. That sounds like a great idea. Vote out one of the stronger  members of the team.  Jeff: Cyd, what do you make of this?  I think it's about being in the wrong place at the wrong time and saying the  wrong thing at the wrong time to the wrong people. I think that's where  loyalty comes in. There is no place the hide. You have to know...  If I broke your trust, that's my bad. But what I’m asking for is a tribe that  wants to win and not have to come back here. If you stick with her, you're  going to be back here.  I didn't do anything wrong in the challenge that made us lose, not one thing.   Let me address something. Never in this game has someone walked up to their  alliance and went, guys, just want you to know, I’m considering a flip. I'll  get back to you, let you know how things work out. If it doesn't, hey, we're  still good, right? All right. Cool. And then go away.  Jeff: Jenny, is this an absolute...  Nightmare?  Jeff: Nightmare, yeah?  Jeff, the pain is them not trusting me. That's the pain. Because for the last  six days I have given them no reason not to trust me. All of a sudden one  person, who by the way is at the bottom, is doing all this scrambling and  telling them lies.  I'm telling the truth.  Oh, my gosh.  Jeff: Honestly I haven't listened to a word Alecia has said. I've just been  listening to you. First words out of your mouth were, yeah, everything's up  in the air, I don't know. Make me get over that.  Okay. My intentions were nothing but good. I actually like Alecia. It was to  give her a good last day and not think she's going home the make her  comfortable, I didn't see...  Lying to me is not giving me a good last day.  I'm not saying it's the best decision or right decision. That's who I am at a  person. I care about people's feelings. If there's something I could take  back, that would be it.  Jeff: Scott, what's your reaction when you hear Jenny say, i'd do anything to  take it back. I'd do anything to change it. I wish I could. You see that  emotion. Do you have empathy at that point?  Yeah, I understand misspeaking. I've done it myself once or twice. I really  do think that in the long run Jenny would be better for us physically,  mentally, so...  Give me another chance, please. I’m not perfect, Scott. You know what, hold  on, hold on. Okay. Please trust the original alliance we had. Nothing has  changed. I think the four of us can go far, ridiculously far. So please  believe me.  Jeff: I don't know if i've ever seen a tribal council like this.  That's how brawn does it.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. It is time to vote. Alecia, you're up. Alecia,  you're up.  Jeff: I'll go tally the  jeff: I'll go tally the votes. Votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol  and you want the play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the  votes are read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to  leave the tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Jenny.  Alecia. Alecia. Two votes Alecia. Jenny. We're tied, two votes Alecia, two  votes Jenny, one vote left. Second person voted out of brains versus brawn  versus beauty, Jenny. You need to bring me your torch. Generally, the tribe has  spoken.  Hey, guys, hope you win lots more challenges.  Jeff: Well, tonight's tribal council is a dramatic example of how quickly the  game can change. One wrong word and it goes from good to bad, which means it  can also go from bad to good. Grab your torches, head back to grab your  torches, head back to camp, good night. Camp, good night.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," Debbie enlist a soldier and plans an  attack.  We need to move with a purpose, Joe, and we need to do it now.  Jeff: While at the brawn tribe...  Idol time, baby.  Jeff: It's all-out war for the idol.  I took off like a bat out of hell. You're either going to keep up or get left  behind.  I am shocked. I thought the tribe would want to stay strong. We can work out  our personal feelings later. As far as being voted out of the game, it hurts.  This isn't what I envisioned. This isn't what I came out here to do, but I pushed  myself and done things I never experienced before, so I have absolutely no  before, so I have absolutely no regrets.