<br/>anchor: Previously on "Survivor"... At the brain tribe, Debbie's  oddball behavior --  we have the biggest.  Jeff: -- marked her as an early pawn.  That's what you want, the brains to have no game.  Jeff: At the beauty tribe, the women's alliance was growing stronger.  The girl's alliance felt natural to me.  Jeff: While Tai's hunt for the idol --  you will need a key to open this box.  Jeff: -- was growing more desperate.  I cannot get the idol.  Jeff: At the last immunity challenge, brawn lost again. Sending brawn back  the tribal council. Facing tribal council, Alecia appeared the obvious vote.  Blondie, she's useless.  But Jenny was having second thoughts.  Jason is starting to piss me off.  Jeff: At tribal council, there was definitely someã±r back-and-forth, what do  we do.  Jeff: Jenny revealed her indecision.  New I’m wondering.  Jeff: Saving Alecia for the second tribal council in a row. Jenny, the tribe  has spoken. 16 are left. Who will be voted out tonight? Captioning funded by  cbs and ford. We go further, so you can.  Alecia, just so you know, I was the other person that wrote your name down,  but I already know we had three votes to send Jenny home and I promised her I  wouldn't write her name down. That's all.  Okay.  That's it. No hard feelings.  I don't get why you would write my name down if Jenny was already going home.   I just told you.  That's cool.  I'm a loyal person.  Scott said, I only wrote your name down because I knew Jenny was going home.  That's the stupidest thing I think i've ever heard.  We're going to the waterwell.  I can't believe you wrote my name down.  If you break my trust once, you're not going to get it back. Scot is a millionaire.  He played for the nba for ten years.  Yeah.  Alecia just baffled me day in and day out. She thinks we're alied and it's us  against them, but she doesn't really know how close I am with the guys. I just  keep going, uh-huh, that sounds good, I’m down, whatever you want, I’m down.  I really think we made a mistake tonight. Here's why: The next challenge we  have three and a half people.  Only thing I can say is with that vote, I think she trusts me more, therefore  that means that's good for all of us.  She definitely wants me gone now.  She definitely does.  Things changed a lot tonight at tribal. I have lost one of the three original  alliance that I wanted, and now Alecia is very much empowered, and she could  make trouble for me.  What a difference a day makes.  Guys, breakfast is ready.  I'll eat the rest of that.  Fishing, I do everything.  Everybody is watching everybody like a hawk, but I’m getting the idol right  now. That's it. One chance. That's my only chance.i I think the that the  tribe, they ike me as aã±r person, but I know exactly where it is. I just  have to get the key out. I need to get a stick, attach a tool, and poke the  canister, and push the key out.  No, don't tell me.  This is so stupid.  Don't tell me I left it somewhere else.i somehow I lost the tool. I was so  mad at myself. Nothingi in my life come easy, you know, including this idol.  I see you. Peekaboo. My whole life is full of challenges. In vietnam, refugee  camp, coming to america, reinventing myself, and this is another big challenge.  So I should make myself another tool from a stick. Please, please, come home  with me. Ã±rã±r go in there, baby. Yes, yes! Yes! Oh, my gosh. Oh, thank you.  Congratulations. You have found the key to the hidden immunity idol. Follow  the map to unlock your treasure. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, tree.ã±r  this is way, way, way too long. Come to papa. Here it comes. Oh, there it is.  Oh, my God, this is going to save my life. This is going to save my life. I found  the idol. I worked so hard for this. Jeff make it so... It's not easy, but I never  give up. This idol and I belong together. This idol must be used after all  the votes are cast. There is another immunity idol. A super idol can be  played after the vote has been read. Whoa! Are you kidding me? Even after the  vote has been read? Wo idolsi that fit together can form one super idol.  That's fantastic. That's the big twist this season. ( theme song playing )  so here we are strategically planning how to win this game, and we have aã±r  guy working over here.$ &amp;c @&amp;c ini part of oneã±r core alliance th lis, but  we're managing twoã³ separate groups of two, so we're in control.  I think it would be a mistake to take out Debbie or Joe.  I would love to have him in the end at the last immunity challenge. That's a  guarantee for me.  Peter andry looking for a tighter group of more loyal players the ship didn't  shepherd into the mastering. Debbie seems great. Doesn't seem to have the  drive to make a big move. She's like a court jester. Joe seems like a real gesture.  Aubry doesn't want to talk about the game or that kind of thing. Neal is very  smart, and he's a huge risk to blindside one of us come a swap or a merge.  &gt; I think just split the vote.ã³  so we tell them to vote for Neal. We vote for Aubry?  Yes.  We're doing this, we're thinking of what we have. We're putting it together  and making a good plan.  I think we have our finger on the pulse.  My position in this tribe is to sit back, observe, shut up and gather intel. Peter  really feels superior, and lis is our prima donna princess. Their goal is to  take the rest of us out while we do the hard work, and right now Peter is an  asset at challenges. So the person that needs to go is lis. I see that  clearly. I think if we pulled in Aubry and Neal, we have a solid four, and we  blindside lis. She's a freaking prima donna who bitches and knows everything.   Okay.  Do you hear me?  Yes.  We have to get with that four before lis and Peter beat us to it. To split up  lis and Peter, we need to be subversive. We need to implant  counterintelligence. We need to move with a purpose, Joe. And we need to do  it now. So let me ask you flat out, how do you feel about Neal in this game?  I feel like he's shooting straight with me.  Okay.  I do, too. So what are you thinking?  I'm telling you that I like him.  Okay. I was starting to get that feeling.  Good, good.  Okay, good. That's good. When you get into a battle with me, be prepared for  me to use better, smarter tactics. The barn doors are open. Prepare to fire.  I totally trust you and I hope we have a solid person.  Okay.  The beautiful thing about what I’m doing is nobody really pays attention to  me, and that's precisely what I want to do, fly under the radar. All the  while, I’m sitting back gatheringã±r intel because that's how you play this  game, baby.  Lookingi forward to eating that chicken.  Uh-huh. I think the one with the less feathers would be better.  It's fatter.  So we'll kill that one. Killing the chicken is best for our tribe. Right now  we are all hungry. But some people are attached to animals. Tai is one of  them people. That shows a sensitive side of Tai. And we just want to make  sure we're here for him because he has a hard time with stuff like that.  Hear that sound? They're content.  Very comfortable.  Breath in, breathe in.  To me we really don't have to kill that chicken, but the boys need protein to  stay strong for challenges. It is the circle of life. We need to eat  something. It's the circle of life. There's absolutely no way.  I have to grab its head a cerTain way. So you may have to hold it.  Sorry, guys. Come back for a better life.  Just the slight of life derange out of my hand, I feel like I did wrong, a  lot of wrong.  He's dead.  You know it has to be done. It's still very, very difficult to go through. It's  still a life that you took.  It's sad. I don't like it when people cry.  Tai? Oh, yeah, he's upset. Tai's got these feelings and emotions that he has  to get out. That's not the way the play this game. My friends would compare  me to, yeah, a robot or just like cold-blooded. But you don't need emotions  out here. You just need to seem like your have emotions.  He'si hurting. You can tell.  I feel bad.  Tai will be okay. Animals eat other animals.  There's just something about Nick that I don't trust. He's so difficult to  talk to. He has such a fake smile and he just really rubs me the wrong way. I  doã³ trust Caleb. I trust Tai. So if we have three girls and three guy, we  need to pull over one of the guys.i here's the thing, the girls are going to  stay together, and ose girlsi and are super loyal. It's a game.ã³ I would  never backstab you like that ever.i here's the problem, though, I don't trust  Nick. I don't. You know what I mean, I do not.  I think the girls are a very strong three. And Anna throws out a proposal at  she wants me to be with thei girls, and we'll get rid of Nick. I don't see  that as a bad thing because if we do lose, that means me not going home.  I just don't want to lose... There will be loss of drama.  I'm not trying the find this idol because I don't trust Alecia. There's a lot  of places and immunity idol could hide. If there is a clue out there for the  idol, the last person we would want the find it is obviously Alecia.  I'm over by this tree.  I kind of feel like I’m at the bottom, and then I see a clue to an immunity  idol. It's power in this game. If4 get it, boom, you're at the top.  I go for a little walk, sure enough, there's Alecia and Cydney digging. I know  what's up instantly. They're looking for the idol.  Oh, shoot.  Now they're going to think it's up a tree. We have the find it.  Alecia, Alecia.ã³ &gt;&gt;i so I found the idol. I have to wait until she's  gone.  I waited for Alecia the walk off because I found a little tool with this  clue, m like, oh, I start digging and digging and I hate something hard. I scraped  it with my fingers. It says idol on it. Tried to open the box. It has a lock.  I’m like, how the hell amã³ I supposed to get up in the box. Next thing I know,  I hurried up and covered it up.  I can't find it anywhere.  The hoe?  What do you mean the hoe?  Okay. All right.i  okay. Want the rinse out my hair.ã³ã±r  she found a clue?  Uh-huh.  What did it say? Thei idol is buried by a tree.  Which tree?  The one you saw us at.  Of course, he saw us, so I have to tell him anyway.ã³ havei to make it so  they don't think I’m actually aligned with her. I amã±r possibly one of the  best bounty hunt centers southeast michigan. The tree was over here that they  were digging.  Was it this tree?  No, I caught them over here.  If someone gives me a tip in my work, you got seconds, minutes, hours maybe.  So you move. I try and treat this game like how I treat my job.  I got it.  What's it say?  I found it pretty quickly. I find the clue. Z,,"s" a box. It's  locked and the little clue has a map. I had to move.  Is it the idol or a clue to it?  I just took off like a bat out of hell. You're going to keep up or get left  behind.ã±r  congratulation, you found the immunity idol. First you will need a key to  open this box.  The map was pretty self-explanatory. And then it's just looking, paying  attention to deTail, what's different, what's missing?  There it is. I found the die. The only way to get it out was to push through  a little hole at the bottom, but the tool is gone. We don't know where it is.  It got flung somewhere. The girls didn't know what it was. Who knows.  You told him?  No. He saw us. Period.  Oh.  Scot and I makela shift tool to get the key. Sure enough, blondie is waiting  there to try and snatch it. And I can't let that happen. It's on.iãr  up. Up, up, up, up, up. Right there.  Get out of there.  I got it, Scot! In this game, if you want something, you got to go get it. It  was nice having an nba player on my side, especially a center. That height  paid off.ã±r  the buried treasure.  That's the sweetest thing i've seen in a week.  I was the one who found the clue, but unfortunately Jason has the idol. This  whole thing was just completely confusing. It all happened so fast. Honestly,  at this point I don't trust anyone on my tribe. It's like a roller coaster.  First I’m on the top, and now I think I’m back on the bottom.  There's a twist, if you pair one immunity idol with another, they fit  together like a superidol. The superidol can be played after the votes have  been read. Ying and yang. If we get the other one, then it's like they can  vote us out all they want. Wonder twin powers activate. Guess we're sticking  around. Idol time, baby. It's in the right hands. I've frozen mine, but I’m pretty  confident Jason will take care of me. We just wanted to make sure Alecia  didn't have it, because challenge, I don't see how we win. W she'si  outnumbered and she'll be next.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Getting your first look at the new brawn tribe. Jenny  voted out at the last tribal county.  Wow.  Surprised.  Jeff: All right. You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Oh yeah,.  Jeff: I like the hear that. First things first, i'll take back the idols.  Thank you, lis.ã±r once again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's  challenge, we'll jump off a platform and swim out to a boat where you'll  retrieve three bags of rice. You'll work together pushing and pulling those  bags through a hole. You'll then make your way across the balance beam and up  to the beach where you will tear open the bags, searching for three balls.  Then one tribe member at a time must balance on a beam while attempting to  maneuver a ball through a maze of holes to the top. The first two tribes to  get all three balls to the top wins immunity, safe from the vote. Losers go  to tribal council where somebody will be the third person voted out of this  game. In addition, you're playing for reward. Want to know what you're  playing for?  Yeah.  Jeff: First tribe to finish will have a choice. You can choose between  comfort items.  Oh,ã³ my God.  Jeff: Or, if you want... Your emotional items to remind you of the  inspiration for why you are out here. First tribe to finish gets their  choice. Second tribe gets what's left. Third tribe, nothing. Date with me,  tribal council, somebody going home. Beauty tribe, going to sit two people  out. Who is it going to be? Anna and Michele. Brain tribe, who you going to  sit out?  Me and Joe.  Jeff: Aubry and Joe. Sitouts, take a spot on the bench. Everyone else take a  minute to strategize and we'll get started. All right. Here we go. For reward  and immunity, Survivors ready? Go!ã³ã³ one person got to get in that oat and  hand the threeã³ bags to your tribe mates. Neal in the boat for the brain  tribe.i Caleb in the boat for the beauty. Scott in the boat for the brawn.  Get that rice into the hands of your tribe members.  On your shoulder. On your shoulder.  Jeff: These bags are I have. All three tribes have their rice. Itxhrough a  very small hole one bag at a time. You can send somebody over if you want the  help on the other side. Caleb going over for beauty. Neal going over for  brains. Cydney going over for brawn.ã±r all three tribes now trying the  figure this out. It's a lot of rice. To get through a very small hole.  There you go, there you go.  Jeff: Beauty has their first bag through. Brain tribe has their first bag. Cydney  has the first bag for the brawn tribe. When the bags get wet, they weigh even  more. Beauty doing a nice job. They have their second bag. Neal working on  that second bag. Jason and Cydney working on their second bag. Beauty has  their third bag. You can start heading in. Brains tribe has their second bag.  Brawn tribe with their second bag. They're working on their third bag now.  Got to get those bags across the balance beam and to the beach. Brawn has  theirs. They're heading out. It is now Peter and Neal in last place for the  brain tribe. Go, beauty!  Let's go, let's go!  Jeff: Beauty with a big early lead. Neal's across for the brain tribe. Peter  now getting up c beach. Tear those bags open. You're looking for three balls,  one in each bag.  Good teamwork. Good teamwork.  Jeff: Jason makes it. He's across for the brain tribe. Beauty has two balls.  Looking for the third. They've got it. Start on the maze, beauty tribe. Here  comesã±r the brain tribe. E key isi to avoid the holes in the maze. And get  it to the top. Brain tribe with their third bag. The brawn tribe. They have  yet to win a challenge. Brawn tribe has their third ball.  Take your time. Take your time.  You're half way up.  Jeff: Starting to figure it out for the beauty tribe. If you fall off the  beam, you got to start over. If the ball drops, you have to start over. Cydney  goes for broke. Ulia getting closer and closer$i  go slow, girl. You got it.  Jeff: The beauty has first one. Tai coming in for the bowty tribe. Brain  tribe finally has all three balls. Cydney drops again.  Want to switch?  Yes.  Jeff: Cydney going to swap out. Jason going to come in for the brawn tribe.  Brawn yet to win a challenge in this game, but the beauty doing very well.  Very close to that second ball.  Nice and easy, baby. You got it.  Jeff: Tai has his second bag for the beauty tribe. One left. Here comes Caleb  for the beauty tribe. Lis very close.  Good job, lis. Awesome.  Jeff: There it is! First one for the brain tribe. Brain with one now. Beauty  in the lead with two. Once again the brawn tribe is dead last in a  challenge.ã±r Caleb has been flying through this part of the course.  This is it. This is it.  Jeff: All the way to the top unscathed and another win for the butty tribe.  Immunity and reward for the beauty tribe. Jason getting very close. Jason  with first one for the brawn tribe. And it is now brawn and brains for second  place. We're tied 1-1. Peter for brains. Scott for brawn. Peter very close. Peter  has his second ball for the brain tribe. Brain has one left. Here comes Debbie.   Deb, you're doing great.  Jeff: The brawn tribe very close with their second ball. And we're tied 2-2.  Here comes Cydney. It comes down to this. Debbie versus Cydney. Brain tribe  has not been to tribal council. They don't want to go tonight. Cydney didn't  have a lot of luck the first time she tried it.  Up, up, up, up, up.  Jeff: Jason helping out a lot.  Come on, Debbie.  Debbie just a bit ahead of Cydney. Brain tribe aa bit ahead of the brawn  tribe.  Up, up, up, up.  Jeff: Cydney with a nice move. We are neck and neck right now. It is dead  even. You're even. The last part of this obstacle.  Up, left. Up, left.  Jeff: Jason now helping Cydney. It's now Cydney in the lead for the brawn  tribe.  Up, up, up, up!  Jeff: Cydney very close now.  Left, left. &gt;&gt;? Debbie falling behind.  Get iã    yãºqkuiã     there.  Jeff: It's not in yet.i Debbie getting closer now. Debbie's right up there.  Neck and neck the last few seconds. And Cydney is close. Debbie close.i brawn  does it by seconds over the brain tribe.ã³ the brain tribe is going to tribal  council where somebody will be the third person voted out of this game.  About time something workedi out for us.ã±r  jeff: Beauty tribe, once again safe from the vote. Brawn tribe, this is a new  experience for you.iã±r beauty, you have a choice. Very clear.i comfort versus love.  Comfort.  Jeff:i come getã³ it. Head back to camp. No  tribal council tonight. All right. Brawn tribe, come grab your emotional items.  Enjoy not seeing me at tribal council.  For the first time.  Jeff: Jason with the teddy bear. All right. Brain tribe, for the first time,  tribal council where somebody will be the third person voted out of this  game, the first person to be voted out of your tribe. Grab yourã³ stuff, head  back to camp. See you tonight at tribal.  We lost the challenge, but no problem because lis andly go down the hit list  like a mobster. The first is Neal. The game is the game. Money is money.  "Survivor" is "Survivor."  all around, guys, a spectacular job, and I mean I was three seconds behind  her.  It was just matter of seconds. It's in the like we imploded there.  Right.  As a long-term solution, losing today was good for me and Peter, because we  can send Neal home and Neal's going to be the player that causes problems  down the road. I think we're going to have to tell Aubry and Neal that Joe is  going home tonight, but the actual plan is the remaining four will be  splitting the votes between Neal and Aubry in case Neal has a hidden immunity  idol. The idea is to simplify the process for Joe and Debbie. They just need  the write down Neal, remember it's Neal we're going for and they don't have  to think about anything complicated. T will work isã±r forã³ipa&amp;c @&amp;c  so in the event that Neal doesn't have the idol, we'll end up with aã³ 2-2-2  tie.ã³ and then i% vote out Neal.  Okay. &gt;&gt;i I’m so confident this is going to work the way we want it to.  I think losing today was a blessing in disguise.  How about that. So Liz approached me. She wants Joe and I to vote for Neal  and follow orders like a good soldier.i it's not happening. &gt; I’m really  glad we're onã±2hhe same pagei about. This I just don't want, talk about  itã±r overly.k I far as I’m concerned, you and i, done deal. When I know  somebody is snowing me, I can give it back to you in spades. The fact is she  is absolutely oblivious to the reality of what's going on here.  They're voting for Aubry. Ii -- they think you have the idol.  I know now lis and Peter have been whispering little lies and making it sound  like I haveã±r an idol. As a result, they need to be punished.ã±ri  yeah, I know. Although lis and I are good-looking people and we have great  smiles, we're actually out for blood. Everyone else, they're like clay that  we mold. They are indecisive unless given a decision. They need paternal  direction, and I’m being that paternal person, providing them direction in  the way I want them to vote. It's a great place.  You andã³ Neal...  I guess i've never done this before. Peter is very controlling. I just can't  trust someone who is revealing themselves right in front of me every day by  opening their mouth. He doesn't have emotional intelligence, and I don't know  ifã³ that's someone you can move forward with. Debbie originally decided to  target lis, but for me, Peter is the biggest threat. I want to talk to Debbie  and figure this out.  Peter said something to the effect, hey, we're voting out Joe. Stop trying to  control me. Is it like they're running things?  It's just the goal line.  I just don't like boys. My biggest regret in this game would be if we took Peter  too far and he screwed us.  You want to get rid of Peter? We still have target, lis, but peteer is  playing this game with an overexuberance, and he's ny the long haul serious  trouble for the brin tribe. Lis and Peter will slit anybody's throat in this  game give an split second, so it's a big decision, but tribal council tonight  is going to be a total blindside, and it's going to be ugly when we get home,  kids. [laughing] total blind side.  Jeff: Behind each of you is a torch. Go ahead and grab a torch. Dip it in and  get fire. This is part of the ritual of tribal council, because in this game  fire represents your life, and when your fire is gone, so are you. So Peter,  any time you have a group of strangers, some people will get along. Some  people might not get along. Did you notice any friendships forming early?  Absolutely. Right out of the gate lis and I clicked. Aubry and Neal. I clicked  with them, as well. I think there's an age difference with Debbie and Joe,  but with days going on, I think we all click together.  Jeff: Does that mean there are three pairs voting in a similar fashion  tonight?  Yeah, I would consider these three voting units.  Jeff: So is it fair to assume from the brain tribe that everything is  mathematical or pragmatic? Debbie, you're nodding already.  Absolutely. We are overly analytical. We know that it's best to gather facts,  think it through without paNicking, reassess, reanalyze, and emotions just a waste  of time or energy.  Or maybe we each think we're the smartest person in the game and we'll be  fine.  Jeff: Aubry, which one of those is closest to the truth? You're all very  analytical and focusing on emotion or you're the one that thinks you've figured  it out.  It's murky water. You can have the numbers and feel 100% confident, but there  are comments or silences, and you have to know wha( those means too, even  though they're not numbers.  Jeff: So Peter, Aubry is talking about picking up on the subtleties of social  interactions.  Absolutely. As an e.r. Doctor, social interaction is what I’m a professional  in.  Jeff: Lis, let's talk about paranoia. It comes into every tribe at some  point. Is it already on the brain tribe to some degree?  I'd say paranoia is a strong word. But if anybody is here and doesn't have  fear that there's some conspiracy out to get them, they're probably not  thinking enough about how to play.  Jeff: Joe, going off what lis is saying is that there is a baseline pair  nowback does your past career play into that? &gt;&gt;ã³ I’m always kind of  susp I just have that inner suspicion about people, motives and things. Many  times crooks have come out with great smiles, looked good, believable, but  they're not. Could be happening right now.  Jeff: Peter, pretty interesting statement.t&amp; cover out here.  I do judge a become by its cover. Joe, he's a police officer, he's been an  f.b.i. Agent for 25 years, so whatever he tells me, I believe.  Jeff: I would just reference the first time we did brains versus brawn versus  beauty, it was won by tony, also a cop, who lied every half hour. [laughter]  i agree, and I think Joe is in a different generation. His word means a lot  more to me than a guy likei tony.i  jeff:ã±r Peter, what was the vibe back at camp after the loss?  Wei felt terrible, but I started to reassure myself that the plan is goingã³  forward.  Jeff: Neal, when you heqrri one tr in place, unless you're part of that plan,  it's got to make you go...  I guess the question is which plan is he talking about.  Well, it's not your plan.  Wow.  Jeff: Peter?  Let's just break this down, the guy in ice cream pants could be a snake in  ice cream pant, right? Right now this is a plan. If we want to get Neal or Aubry  out, we can split the vote and forge ahead as the brains.  Jeff: So Debbie, peteer is flat-out dictating what he would like to have  happen.  Good for him for throwing it all out there.  Jeff: Lis, do you think tonight's vote will go according to "the  plan."  i think the person who goes home tonight will not be completely shocked.  Jeff: Neal how about you? What do you think will be the result of tonight's  vote? What's your hope?  I think we'll go forward as a stronger tribe. Now what stronger means will be  interpreted later.  Jeff: Peter, that self-awareness is key.  Oh, yeah, absolutely. One thing I do know is I like all these people. I respect  some of their game play. But at this point in the game, there are three  pairs, so what do you want? Lis andry both smart people. We thought about  everything. I want to take pen to parchment and put some names down.  Jeff: Shall we vote in  we're ready.  We're ready.  Jeff: All right. Let's do it. It is time the vote. Aubry, you're up.  The world does not revolve around you, but good luck.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want the play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Aubry. Aubry.  Pete. Peter. We're tied, two votes Aubry, two votes Peter. Liz. One vote Liz.  Two votes Peter, two votes Aubry, one vote left. Liz. We have a three-way  tie. Here's what's going to happen. We're going to revote. Aubry, Liz, Peter,  you will not vote. Everybody else you can only vote for one of those three. Joe,  if you'll grab the urn. I'll go get the votes. I'll read the votes. First  vote Liz. Third person voted out of brains versus brawn versus beauty, Liz,  that's two, that's enough. You need to bring me your torch. Liz, the tribe  has spoken.  Good luck, everyone.i  jeff: Well, for all the talk tonight about how smart this tribe is, the vote  illustrates that "Survivor" is always about emotional intelligence,  your ability to pick up on social cues. That's what gets you to the end.  Grabii youri torches. Head back to camp. Stay tuned for scenes from ourt&amp;   jeff: Next time on "Survivor," the most punishing season of "Survivor."ã³  see the exhaustion. Medical! The season continues the take its toll.  We need water, water, water!  We're going to have an evacuationã±r. Call for the chopper.  I was very confident that whether we won or lost things would work out for  me, and I really don't know what happened hat made my tribe want toi vote me  out tonight. I don't think the numbers lied to me, it's the people who lied  tom and when you counti fictitious promises, you get a fictitious