<br/>jeff: Previously on "Survivor", Kaoh Rong has provided some of the toughest  conditions ever.  The heat might be one of the tors of this game. More than can take.  I'm physically very weak right now.  Jeff: At the beauty tribe, the women found safety in each other.  We're pretty tight.  Jeff: But Tai found an idol and a friendship with Caleb.  I was totally going in for the kiss.  Jeff: At the brawn tribe, Alecia stumbled on a clue to the hidden immunity  idol.  If I find that idol, this is my game.  Jeff: But her luck ran out when Jason got his hands on the idol first.  I'm on the top, and now I’m back on the bottom.  Jeff: At the last immunity challenge, brawn finally won. Brawn tribe does it,  sending the brains tribe to tribal council! At camp, Peter and Liz were cerTain  they had control of the brain tribe.  I'm so confident this will work the way we want it to.  How about that?  Jeff: But Debbie was tired of taking orders an spearheaded a revolt against Liz  and Peter.  It's going to be ugly when we get home, kids. [maniacal laughter]  jeff: At tribal council, Debbie's plan worked, sending Liz home. Liz, the  tribe has spoken. Leaving Peter all alone on the bottom. 15 are left. Who  will be voted out tonight?  Well, that was something.  Tonight at tribal council, it went down exactly as I expected. I gathered my  intelligence. I made observations, then made objectives, knew how to carry  them out. I guess you would have to call me the mastermind. It came down to  you and her, I couldn't let it be you.  She tells me the dial back and just chill out.  Peter's position in the tribe has knocked his ego down ten notches. He's a  total narcissist, but he knows he's still on the periphery.  I'm not disappointed, that's the thing. I’m just shocked.  We wanted you here.  Thanks for coming over. Tribal council tonight was a complete surprise. I’m still...  I have knots in my stomachs. We're now the peabrains, not the brain tribe. We  don't have a strong tribe anymore. I’m dejected, but I’m happy I’m still  here. Once we get to the swap, I’m going the take them out one by one.  I need a beer.  Jeff: Come on in, guys.  This is going to be fun.  Jeff: Beauty tribe, brawn tribe getting your first look at the new brain  tribe. Liz voted out at the last tribal council.  Wow.  I did not expect that.  Jeff: All right. You guys ready to get to today's reward challenge?  Yeah!  Jeff: All right. For today's challenge, you'll race through a series of  obstacles and a wall which you must dig under and get yourself through.  You'll then make you're way to a sandy ditch. You have to dig up three bags  of balls. Once you have all the ball, you will roll those balls, attempting  to land them in a series of targets. First two tribes to finish win reward.  Want to know what you're playing for?  Yeah.  Jeff: First tribe the finish, a "Survivor" kitchen set.  Nice.  Jeff: Plus spices, coffee. This will change the way everything tastes back at  camp. Second tribe to finish, not as extensive, but even salt and pepper will  make coconuts taste better. Last tribe to finish, nothing. All right. Beauty  tribe, you have two extra members. Sitting two people out. Keep in mind, you  cannot sit out the same people in back-to-back challenges. Whoever sits out  this will run in the immunity challenge. Julia and Anna will sit this one  out. Brain tribe, you have one extra member, who you going to sit out? Neal  will sit this one out. Take a spot on the bench. Everyone else take a second  to strategize and we'll get it on. All right. Here we go. For reward, Survivors  ready? Go! Under that first obstacle. Very hot sand. You forget how quickly  the sand heats up. Over next two it's beauty and brawn out strong quickly,  then brain.  Let's go, brain!  Jeff: Let's go. Start digging.  You got this, you got this, you got this.  Jeff: Brain can't go until everybody is over. Joe picking it up. There you  go, brain. Go!  Come on, brains.  Jeff: You got to dig yourself under that log. Wow, Cydney through quickly for  the brawn tribe. That's fastest anybody's ever gotten under a log. Here comes  Debbie for the brain tribe, like a turtle birthing an egg. Here comes Tai for  the beauty tribe. Once you're through you can start digging on the other  side. Here comes Aubry for the brain tribe.  Come on, guys.  You got it, you got it!  Jeff: The biggest guy out here is through. Scot is through. Jason is through.  Brawn out to the early lead. Go! You're now digging up bags. Brain is now  through. Start digging up bags. It is now beauty in last place. Now Nick is a  big body to get through that hole. Beauty is through. Go, start digging.  Keep going, brains, keep going.  Jeff: You're looking for three bags of balls. You don't know where they are.  Once you have them, you can move on. Scot has the first bag for the brawn  tribe.  I got one bag.  Jeff: Beauty has their first bag. It is brawn with one bag, beauty with one  bag. Scot with a second bag for the brawn tribe. Brain tribe has their first  bag. It is now brawn with two, brain and beauty with one.  I'm dying here.  Dying.  Jeff: It's hot just standing here watching you guys. CerTainly not easy nine  days into the toughest game you will ever play.  Oh, my God. Oh. Oh.  Jeff: Who knew it could be this difficult to find three little bags in a pile  of sand. Absolute exhaustion. Brawn has had two bags for a long time. Can't  find that third. Brains with one. Beauty with one. Debbie has the second bag  for the brain tribe.  Got it, got it, got it.  Jeff: Brain has their third bag. Out of nowhere they can move on. Empty those  balls. Huge lead for the brain tribe. Both tribes digging in the sand are  exhausted.  Nice, Aubry.  Jeff: Aubry now firing balls for the brain tribe. You're looking the land all  six balls in target.  Yes!  Jeff: Aubry with the first one for the brain tribe. Aubry with a second for  the brain tribe.  Dig. Dig.  Jeff: Brain tribe with massive lead.  Come on, Peter.  Jeff: Peter now taking over for the brain tribe. He lands one. That's three  for the brain tribe. You can see the exhaustion.  Hang in there, kiddo.  You got it, Peter. You got it. Yeah, Peter. Yeah, baby, yeah!  Jeff: Peter with his fourth.  Jeff: Brain has fur of their six balls. Here comes Debbie. It is a blowout at  this point. Debbie with fifth for the brain tribe. One ball left for the  brain tribe. Peter now taking over for the brain tribe. One more. Can he do  it?  Let's go, Peter. Bring it home.  Jeff: Peter with the sixth and final for the brain tribe. The other two  tribes are not even close. Brain tribe with massive reward. Now we're down to  second. Brawn and beauty, we have been out here a long time doing this  challenge.  I'm still digging.  Yeah, baby.  Jeff: Caleb found the second bag for beauty.  Got it, got it, got it, got it.  Jeff: And just like that Nick has the third bag. Beauty with all three bags.  They can star rolling.  You okay?  I'm on fire from the inside out.  Jeff: Here comes Caleb. Beauty with their first ball.  Oh.  Do you want me to call medic?  I'm going to call.  No, don't do it.  You're going to go too far and then you'll have heat stroke.  Jeff: Beauty with their second ball.  Jeff. I think she's getting heat exhaustion. She only weighs 98 pounds.  Jeff: How you feeling, deb?  I have heat stroke.  Jeff: All right. Medical, medical, come in. Let's go!  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Just stay. Just hold tight.  Oh, God.  How you doing?  I'm overheating.  Just take it easy.  Jeff: We have three different stories happening at once. Brawn still digging  while the beauty tribe is trying to finish its second while medical is  attending to Debbie. Joe, give me an update. What's going on.  She's quite hot at the moment. She's suffering from the heat. We need to work  on cooling her down.  Jeff: So you're literally pouring cold water on her to cool her down.  We just need the make sure we can cool her down.  So much better.  Jeff: You feeling all right, Debbie?  Yes, sir. When I go through ranger training, we're taught first aid. Because  of my training, I actually knew I was heat stroke. Heat stroke is like being  roasted alive. You feel dizzy, exhausted, and you feel hot, and after the  first few seconds of shade and water, I immediately felt better. I nigh --  knew I wasn't getting pulled from the game.  Jeff: Debbie, you're feeling better?  Yes, sir.  Jeff: Let's see what happens with the other two tribes. Keep her covers, Joe.  It's now beauty and brawn for second place. Beauty has scored five balls  since the medical situation. They have one left. Brawn still looking for  their third bag. The only thing the brawn tribe hasn't done is just give up.  Hey guys, teamwork, teamwork. We got this.  It's about being a team.  I got two bags. How many you got?  I think we dug this part.  Just shut up and dig. Please. I’m not trying to be a jerk. I just want the  find these.  Jeff: Beauty is all around that sixth target. They can't close the deal. Caleb  now going to give it a go.  You got it, got it, got it.  Jeff: Out of nowhere, Jason with the third bag for the brawn tribe. Let's go,  brawn. You are back in this. Caleb now feeling the pressure. Beauty has five  of their six. They only need one more. Can he do it? Misses again. This is a  carnival game in which you can get lucky in a hurry. Jason going to go up for  the brawn tribe. You can roll as many balls as once as you want. Jason  rolling as fast as he. Can Jason with his first. Caleb for the one right  here. No. Scot coming in.  We're still in this. You got this, Scot.  Let's go, Scot.  Scot nails the second one for the brawn tribe. Scot with third ball for the  brawn tribe. It is now 5-3. Brawn is catching up. Caleb, is that it? Yes!  Beauty pulls it out, second-place finish, reward for beauty. Reward for  brains. Nothing for brawn. But an empty, lonely afternoon back at camp.  Oh, my God, guys. Yes!  Jeff: All right, Joe, give me the update now. How's she doing?  She's doing better now. She had a high temperature to start with.  I'm still smiling. I’m cool.  Her heart rate was quite high, as well. Her temperature is back down to  normal.  Caleb, water?  It's hot out here. Working as hard as these guys are at this temperature,  it's difficult for your body to mainTain.  Do you dmeed medical? He needs medical.  Medical, take a look at Caleb, too.  Heads up, guys. Move out, move out, move out. Tai, move out of the way,  please. We got some water coming. Hang in there, right? Let's go. We need  water, water, water!  You're all right, Caleb. You're right here. Medical is us with. Let's go. Put  some on him. We're right here with you, buddy. You're in really good hands.  Deep breaths, okay.  Jeff: Let's get a reflector and somebody to this a little fanning. Tell me  what's going on, Joe.  Caleb is going into heat stroke with the temperature.  Take it easy. Nice, steady breathing. Stay with us, big guy.  Cydney, how you feeling? You're going to be fine.  We've got a whole medical team here. You're going to be fine. [sobbing].  Jeff: All right, everybody on the crew is essential personnel. Umbrellas,  coolers, water, find a spot to help.  Thank you, sir.  Caleb, I’m going to put a mask on to help you breathe. Keep going with the  water on his chest, please. Keep cooling him down. Take it easy, man.  Jeff: Caleb, you're still here, buddy, right? You're in good hand, buddy. Caleb?  Caleb?  Caleb, can you hear me? Caleb, can you hear me? Caleb, you still with us? Caleb,  you still with us?  Jeff: Caleb?  Oh, my God.  How you doing? Stay with us. All right.  Jeff: Hey, Caleb. Caleb. Caleb.  Caleb, can you hear me? Caleb, can you hear me?  Oh, my God.  Jeff: We're right here with you. All right. Stay with us. I see you nodding.  Deep breath, Caleb. All right. You can still hear me? Somebody fetch me two  bags of saline. Can you hold his legs still, please. [sobbing] [all speaking  at once] just bring it all over.  Jeff: So, Joe, you're giving him flu winds to rehydrate and what?  We're going to give him some cold train venous fluids to bring his  temperature down and help hydrate him.  Jeff: And you're monitoring his temperature?  We are, yeah. Careful, mate.  Hold my hand. Please. Thank you. Blood pressure is 146/94.  Jeff: Can you hear me? You doing all right? Jason is taking really good care  of you right now. Medical is right next door dealing with Caleb. Okay. All  right. We're going to have an evacuation. Call for the chopper. Asap on the  chopper.  We need the big stretchers.  I got this stretcher right here.  Cydney's down, as well.  Get your breathing under control.  Stay calm. Breathe.  Jeff: All right, Joe, what's the update on Cydney?  How you doing, Cydney in  i'm okay.  Jeff: Temperature is down. Temperature is back to normal.  I think we need to keep her for a little while longer.  Jeff: Cydney, you're okay. You're not in any danger of being pulled from the  game. But we are right next door. Okay. Caleb, you know there are only two  ways you leave this game, other than being voted out, that's quitting and  that is the doctors saying they are too worried about you to let you  continue. You don't want to be pulled. Buddy, you don't have a choice. It's  the doctor's call. You pushed very hard, and it took a toll. This is as far  as you're going to go. We've got to take care of you. You're a warrior, dude.  I’m glad you were out here.  Okay.  Jeff: Okay, guys. All right. So obviously a crazy day. Are you guys doing  okay?  It's just overwhelming.  Jeff: Okay. Well, here's the good news. Cydney's fine. Debbie is fine. We are  going to evacuate Caleb.  Are you pulling him out of the game right now?  You're putting him out.  Jeff: Caleb is out?  Out, out?  Jeff: Caleb is out of the game?  Are you kidding me? He's out.  Jeff: That bird is coming in for Caleb. I wish it didn't have to be this way.  Give him one second here, one second.  Bye, Caleb.  Take care, Caleb.  We love you. We love you. [sobbing]  he'll be fine. He'll be fine.  I hope Caleb's okay.  I do, too.  Jeff: All right. Let me give everybody an update. This is clearly  unprecedented, three people going down in one challenge simply due to the  extreme heat, combination of dehydration and huge effort. There's nobody here  phoning it in. Every one of you guys was digging, digging, digging and  fighting. So where are we right now, Tai? You were very emotional.  I don't know. We're losing one of our own. We worked so hard and Caleb gives  100%. He sacrificed himself so we can do this challenge. Last night I cuddled  with him. I’m going to miss him so much.  Jeff: Jason, is it possible for you in this game to have just taken Cydney,  can you still vote her out of this game.  I come from the military. Someone gets hurts, it's not about the mission  anymore, it's about that person. That's you teammate. Here we live with each  other. We don't all like each other, but end of the day, we're family. This  is what we got. This is what we were dealt. You deal with it. So I’m going to  stay with her until the bitter end.  Jeff: All right. Brain tribe, your reward will be waiting for you back at  camp. Beauty tribe, your reward will be waiting for you back at camp. Beauty  tribe is down a member. Nine days in, game continues. Head back to camp, get  some shade. Drink some water. Good luck.  Without Caleb, it's so sad. He's going to be in my heart for a long time. I’m  sure i'll see him again, I still want the have that kiss from him. Before Caleb  was gone, three boys against three girls. But now it's only Nick and i. Now  the girls have their choice who to kick out. So the idol is more important  now, because if we go to tribal, there's a 50/50 chance I’m going home, but I’m  not going to go home with an idol in my pocket.  Holy crap, what a day. That was crazy. All I know is Joe is looking at me,  and I’m feeling like so unbelievably hot, and he says, "should I get  medical, should I get medical," and I’m like no, no, because it was  embarrassing. I was going the tough it out, and he finally goes, "i'm  getting medical," and thank God he did. My biggest fear was not only  would I appear weak to my tribe, but I would appear weak to my daughters back  home. I like to think of myself as a role model to my daughters. My daughters  often tell me that they are... My daughters often tell me how proud they are  of me, and i've done a lot of stupid stuff in my life. Crystal always tells  me, you're the best mom, and jade says, you're wonder woman. And they were  really proud of me to come here, and i... I just don't want to disappoint  them. Beyond this game, we're friends for life. I mean that, you guys really  took care of me.  I might not be as big as you and as strong as you, but you should know from  the nark when we're all not giving up and I’m trying to encourage you, to  look me straight in the face and say, why don't you just keep being a  cheerleader, that's all you're good at. That's not working as team. What  would one of your players say in a basketball game.  First of all, in nan game, there's working in the best in the world. There's  no comparison.  I wasn't trying to start drama with Scot, but I just wanted to confront him  about the situation. I was trying my best. I never gave up. In the reward  challenge, I kept saying, come on guys, we can do that. And Scot goes, let  her keep being a cheerleader. That's all she's good at.  On the one hand I was thinking, shut up. On the other hand, she is helping,  she is staying positive, so I mend it when I said, keep cheerleading.  I was trying my best. I just don't have as big of hands as you.  I know this.  I'm not intimidated by him because he's bigger than me or stronger than me. I’m  going to let him know how I feel. I want our tribe to work more as team and  to not put each other down. With me, you know, they just keep doing it. So  you think it's okay to break me down in a challenge when I’m part of the  team.  I'm not trying to break you down. I’m trying to tell you to shut up and dig.  That's not what you said. You said shut up and dig because that's all you're  good at.  You've never been on team in your entire life -- what team have you been on?  I played soccer. Whether it's an nba game or a little kids' football game,  the moral of the story is to act like a team to, have teamwork.  So why don't you get on board with this team?  Coming back to camp after my little thing, it was like, recoup, that's my  main thing. Next thing I know, people start hollering. I’m like, y'all  messing my recuperation.  There might be a split tomorrow, and I really hope there is.  You're lucky you're even here still because the next tribal, bye-bye.  The brawn team is... We just do everything intensely. And I do not think Alecia  is aware of pretty much anything. I’m just like, girl, come on, just listen  and pay attention.  I mean, you said today by me being encouraging during the challenge that that  was wrong.  It was the wrong time.  That's not true.  We already know what we're doing. And there again...  So...  You can't even sit there for one second and go, maybe these three are right.  There's always an execution, it's always something. It's always I guess not.  Take a little responsibility in your life. I definitely do not think Alecia  gets the big picture of what's going on around her in this world, but I went  a little overboard. I get angry. You know, I raised two daughters that are  the absolute world to me. I want them to be strong, very educated,  independent females that are able to take care of themselves without their  dad ever. And it upsets me to see a girl like Alecia who you can't even hold  a conversation with her.  You're one of those people that just likes to argue.  Alecia is so far on the bottom now, we're just waiting. That tribal council  is signed, sealed and delivered.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. How is everybody doing? Are you guys taking care of  yourselves given what we just went through?  Yes.  Yeah.  Absolutely.  Jeff: Did it up the seriousness of the game and how important it is to stay  hydrated?  Yes. It's all about taking care of ourselves. We still have a long way to go.   Jeff: All right. You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yes.  Yeah.  Jeff: First things first, got to take them back. Cydney, I know you hate to  give it up. And I know you don't want to give it up. Once again immunity is  back up for grabs. For today's challenge, two tribe members will race into  the jungle, climb up a wooden ladder and retrieve puzzle pieces. Then you'll  bring them back. Then two more tribe members will dive down into the ocean  and retrieve more puzzle pieces. Once you've collected all the puzzle pieces,  you will use them to complete a snake puzzle. The first two tribes to finish  win immunity, safe from the vote. Losers go to tribal council where somebody  will be voted out. Beauty tribe, you have one extra member. You're going to  sit somebody out. Cannot sit out the same people in back-to-back challenges. Julia  and Anna must participate. Who is it going to be?  I am.  Jeff: Tai will sit out. Brain tribe, one extra person.  Joe.  Jeff: Everybody else, take a minute to strategize. We'll get started. All  right. Here we go, for immunity. Survivors ready? Go! First you got to race  into the jungle and get your first three pieces. Brawn is up first. There  goes beauty and now brains. Three pieces. Get them untied, get them down and  head back. Everybody pretty even. Debbie working on that third for the brain.  Cydney working on that third for brawn.  Get the one under.  Jeff: Julia has the third for beauty. Everybody has them. Now you got the  pick them up and head down. Deb, you two.  I got one. You have two.  Jeff: Brain tribe forgot one of their pieces, got to go back, losing valuable  time. Brawn back first. Scot and Jason heading into the water. Beauty is  back. Michele and Nick going. Scot and Jason get to the water first. Beauty  is right behind them. Brain had some trouble figuring out who had what.  Come on, keep moving.  Jeff: Brain now heading out. You got three more puzzle pieces down there.  Untie the knot to release them. Here comes Neal and Aubry. There's Nick and Michele  for beauty. You're out of breath and you have to hold your beth under water  while untying knots. Here comes the brain tribe. Aubry heading down. Jason  and Scot heading back. Nick and Michele heading back. Still a long way to  catch up for the brain tribe.  Come on, beauty!  Jeff: It's a race to the finish. Nick is screaming up this hill. Jason and Scot  taking a little longer. Neal and Aubry have their three pieces. They're  heading back.  Come on, Michele.  Jeff: Go, beauty tribe. Anna and Julia going to work on the puzzle. Go, brawn  tribe! It's going to be Cydney and Alecia for the brawn tribe. Neal and Aubry  still in the water. Julia and Anna making progress if they're right.  It's the little one. The little one goes like that.  Jeff: It only goes together one way, but it will fool you with pieces that  fit, but they're in the wrong spot.  That's not going to work there.  Come on, baby. Let's go, girlfriend. You got it.  Jeff: Aubry back. It is Neal and Debbie for the brain tribe.  They meet at the junction.  Jeff: This really comes down to your ability to work together and try a lot  of options while still seeing the bigger picture.  This way. No, no.  Jeff: Peter's going to get in this challenge.  Peter, come.  Jeff: Deb and Peter going to swap out. The brawn tribe trying to figure out  what is wrong. Beauty having a lot of trouble. Brain tribe has made up a lot  of time.  Your neurons are firing on all cylinders. Let's go, boys.  We got it, deb. Boo yeah!  Jeff: Brains think they have it. And they do! Peter came in and it was over.  Looking for second place now.  Swap out. Anna, swap out.  Jeff: Beauty tribe making a swap. Can Nick do for beauty what Peter did for  brain? Nick getting some momentum. He's got some ideas. Beauty has made a lot  of progress. And it continues to be a struggle. The brawn tribe. Beauty  making another adjustment. Is this it? Looks like it might be. And it is.  Beauty wins and avoids tribal council for fourth straight time, sending brawn  back to tribal council where somebody will be voted out of this game.  Dejection all around. What's the feeling, Alecia in  not very good. I mean, I tried.  We tried.  We tried, yeah.  Jeff: Scot, does that exchange sum it up? Alecia says I tried...  I think Alecia feels she has to say something about herself to give herself  validation. I tried.  I don't think that's true at all.  Jeff: Wow. Tribal is going to be fun tonight.  Jeff asked Alecia a question, and Alecia responded back with her famous  words, "i did my best." it's all about her, her, her, her.  Jeff: Brain tribe, congratulations.  Thanks, jeff.  Jeff: Immunity again. Nobody going home. Beauty tribe, still avoiding coming  to see me at tribal council. Beauty tribe safe from the vote. All right,  brain tribe, grab your stuff. Head back to camp. Beauty tribe, grab your  stuff, head back to camp. Which brings us back the a familiar story. The  brawn tribe. So, brawn tribe, just the body listening waj alone says  everything. This is not a happy tribe.  Not right now.  Jeff: Alecia, do you feel like you get picked on allotted in this tribe.  I do. When I replied saying, "i tried," meaning to say I tried and  she didn't. I do take blame for not getting the puzzle tonight.  Jeff: What are the odds you survive tonight's vote you're already holding up  a zero. Alecia is going home?  If I have anything to do with it, we're not going to make that mistake.  We can vote now.  I'll do tribal right this second.  Jeff: Alecia has to agree to that.  I'm not doing tribal right now. That would be giving up. Absolutely not.  Jeff: All right, guys. Grab your stuff. Ly see you tonight at tribal. Whether  it's a long one or very short one.  Jeff: Has anything changed? Scot, you feel the same way?  I feel the same way.  Jeff: Cydney?  Yeah.  Jeff: Alecia, you have three people saying the same thing, and you're in an  interesting situation. You're not on the brawn tribe because you're huge  physically.  Come on, jeff.  Jeff: You're on the brawn tribe because you don't take any lip from anybody  at any time for any reason. Would you agree?  I agree. I’m opinionated. But the other part of it all, I haven't felt a good  connection with Scot and Jason, and so a lot of the times when they talk to  me, I choose not to listen. I don't really have that much respect for them.  Jeff: So Scot, Alecia is saying you have to earn her respect before she will  listen to you, and you haven't earned her respect.  If I haven't, no one can. She finds one thing that she's ever done right and  she argues that point until someone loses their temper and I saw her do it  and Jason lost his temper, so that shows me that she needs attention to the  point that it doesn't matter if it's positive or negative. I feel sorry for  her.  Jeff: Alecia, I think you're going to be voted out tonight. I don't think there's  any chance they're voting anybody else tonight. I don't know if i've ever  seen a tribal that was this clear-cut. And yet I still root for you.  I mean, I definitely want to be here longer. I think that I have what it  takes to get to the end. If I did leave tonight, I could be all negative  about it, or I could take what I learn, and that's how grateful I am for the  things I have. And sometimes experiences can be worth more than money.  Jeff: All right. Anything else i've missed before we vote? All right. It is  time to vote. Cydney, you're up.  I really hope you watch this over and over and understand that we are trying  to help you.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol, now  would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are read, the decision is  final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area  immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Alecia. Scot. Alecia. That's two  votes Alecia. One vote Scot. One vote left. Fourth person voted out, Alecia.  You need to bring me your torch. Alecia, the tribe has spoken.  Good luck, Cydney.  Thanks.  Jeff: Well, if there's been one thing consistent on this tribe, it's the  three of you. Is that bond enough to get three of you to the end? Grab your  torch, head back to camp. Good night.  I've never been around elements like this, and coming to where I have no  shelter and in food, you know, it's really changed me as a person. At the end  of the day, I’m proud of myself. I don't think I gave up.  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," this season the lines of power have  been drawn.  I'm the mastermind behind the scenes.  I think we're in a really good position.  We kind of hold all the power.  Jeff: But they're about to be erased. Everybody drop your buffs. We're  switching things up.  My "Survivor" experience was like nothing i've ever done before.  For those people who do see that easy or just say try it, this is the real  deal. I didn't expect it to be as tough as it really is. It was fun. It  pushed my body to the limits. The doctors were great. It's one of them  experiences that I wound honestly do