<br/>jeff: Previously on "Survivor"... Since day one the game has been a  fight and nothing has come easy.  I'm not getting dirty at all.  Jeff: Idols were found by Tai and Jason.  Oh.  Jeff: Alliances were made.  We're pretty tight.  Jeff: And broken.  I'm just shocked.  He's a total narcissist, still on the periphery.  Jeff: But nothing compared to the battle with mother nature. All right. We're  going to have an evacuation. And Caleb was her first victim.  Now it's only Nick and i. Now the girls have the choice who to kick out.  Jeff: At the last immunity challenge, the brawn tribe lost for the third  time. Sending brawn back the tribal council. And at tribal council, Scot, Jason  and Cydney didn't let Alecia escape another vote. The tribe has spoken. 13  are left. Who will be voted out tonight? Captioning funded by cbs and ford.  And ford. We go further, so you can. We go further, so you can.  How's your finger?  I've been soaking it in salt water. I’m heating up another batch. I tried to  lance it. It kind of healed up in the summer. Since the last vote where I feel  in this pack is at the bottom. I feel like a neutered dog right now because I  have no play.  Dr. Peter to the e.r. Dr. Peter to the e.r.  Can you imagine him, looking like this? It's strategically crucial that I start  pandering to these people. So I go into doctor mode.  A little redness right there, but that's it.  You can't bend it because it's so swollen, that's bad. You're not there.  Right now it's dr. Peter's clinic, but it's an attempt to make them feel as  if they need me.  He's so gentle.  Return to the trauma center here.  Thank God we have you, Peter.  If they see me as someone who is functional and useful, I’m going to exploit  that and try to get myself out of this mess I got myself in.  Doctor, what's the prognosis? Will the patient live?  Yes, the patient will live.  $475, please.  We have a tribe of five. If four people are aligned and if four people are  aligned and one cancer named one cancer named I brushed some leaves and  there's a box buried in the earth. But the box has a padlock on it.  Congratulations. You find the immunity idol. First you will need a key to  open the box. Follow the map to the tree and look up. This will help push the  key out of the canister. I know I’m going to get it. I’m confident i've  gotten here. I know where it is. I’m going to go find that. But will I get  caught in that process? So I have to move very, very fast. I scamper across  the island looking up at every coconut tree, and sure enough, right behind  one, is a cylinder with a little hole right at the bottom to push that tool  through. To push that tool through. The key to the idol. The key to the idol.  The idol. The king has his idol. There's a twist to the idol. If you pair one  immunity idol with another immunity idol, they fit together to form one super  idol. The super idol can be played after the votes have been read. The last  rule is a twist in the game that if you happen to have two idols, they can be  combined into one super idol. So now the goal is to find another idol. Or  somebody that has an idol. One of my philosophies in life is you make your  own luck. That's exactly what I’m doing. If somebody is betting in vegas, I’m  the front-runner.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Brain tribe, beauty tribe getting your first look at  the new brawn tribe. Alecia voted out at the last tribal council. You are  also getting your last look at the brawn tribe. Everybody drop your buffs.  Oh, no.  Jeff: We're switching things up. Things up.  Wow.  Wow.  Wow. [ theme song playing] [ theme song playing]  jeff: Everybody drop your buffs. We are switching things up.  Oh.  Wow.  My God.  Jeff: Originally we were planning on splitting the tribes today with 14  people into two tribes of seven. Caleb's unfortunate evacuation changed the  numbers and left us with an uneven number at 13.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: So here's what's going to happen: There are 13 buffs. There are six  blue, six yellow, one red. Whoever draws the red buff will go back to brawn  beach alone.  Wow.  Jeff: Where you will have to fend for yourself, food, fire, water, the works.  The good news is while you're on brawn beach, you will not participate in the  next immunity challenge, therefore you won't go to tribal council. You can't  be voted out. The bad news: While you are on brawn beach, you won't be able  to strategize and make new alliances. You will have to rely on your current  alliances to keep you tight until you can get back in the game. You will  return, joining the tribe that loses the person at tribal council. Shall we  draw?  Yes.  Yes, sir.  Let's do it.  Jeff: Take one. Please don't open it yet.  Which one do you recommend, jeff?  Jeff: Follow your gut.  Oh, my God, this is so nerve racking.  Jeff: All right. Let's end the suspense. Everybody open your new buffs.  Yellow.  I'm blue.  Blue.  Yellow.  My God.  Jeff: Julia.  I had like a gut feeling.  Jeff: If you have blue, move over to the blue matt. If you have yellow, move  over to the yellow mat. And if you have red, Julia, find your spot alone.  Hi. I’m Michele.  Debbie.  Scot. Michele, nice to meet you. Peter, nice to meet you. How are you?  Jeff: Really interesting redivision of tribes. The blue tribe, your new name  is Chan Loh. We have two brains, two beauty, two brawn. Can't get any more  even than that. Neal, what do you make of this tribe?  It looks like we have some strength. It looks like we have some smarts and it  looks like we have some beauty, so i'll take it. I’m talking about myself  mostly.  Jeff: All right, yellow tribe, your new name is Gondol. We have three brains,  two beauty, one brawn. Another pretty even distribution. Julia.  Yes.  Jeff: Here you are on either side. The new tribes are excited, ready to go  back the camp to see what's going to happen. You're alone.  I'm alone.  Jeff: You will have to survive on your own.  I think I’m going to be okay. I’m going to look at it in a positive way. I would  say the one down side is not being able to get to know everyone. I’m going to  come in kind of the odd one out, especially if beauty gets voted off at this  next immunity.  Jeff: All right, Julia. Head out and good luck.  Bye guys. Good luck.  Jeff: All right, Chan Loh, Gondol, grab your stuff, head back to your new  camp. The game has just changed.  What the heck. The girl's alliance got clean divided. To have the people you  trust most out here go three different most out here go three different ways,  it's crushing. Ways, it's crushing.  Welcome, guys.  Thank you very much.  We have fruit. We have one chicken left out of three.  What?  We have mangoes.  We have a mango tree. We discover mangdo tree.  You guys have done well for yourself.  This swap is exactly what I needed because if that didn't happen, I was dead.  My alliance member was voted out before me and I was the next lowest-hanging  fruit. Now it's in our best interest to go forward together.  I'm Peter again.  Anna.  Nice to meet you.  Peter, hi.  On this tribe there are three brains, two beauty, one brawn. We're the  majority. I’m set up right now to easily make it into the merge without even  having any concern or even a bead of sweat down my eyebrow.  See that tree, that's a manningo. I can climb that tree. I need a boost up, a  boost up.  Some of those I can reach right now. Good for something. I’m the sole brown,  and I’m thinking, all right, I’m on the bottom of the totem pole.  He can run around and eat whatever he wants.  It's familiar feeling for me. I played for five different teams in the nba,  and each time you're joining a group of people you used to play against and  you used to fight against.  This is a palm.  I can handle it. I just have to figure out if I can trust anybody, who it is,  and if it's going to do me any good.  Winner, winner, chicken dinner.  We will have a chicken dinner, too.  Crazy.  What are we going to do?  I say we lose the challenge, whoever we eliminate we'll be replaced by  beauty. The logical thing is to take out a beauty.  I might have three brains in number, but with Peter, that might only be two.  I don't trust Peter as far as I can throw him. Logically in numbers, does it  make sense to go with Peter, yeah, it does, especially if there's potential a  beauty could come back to this tribe.  Put your head on the pillow.  If Julia comes back from the brawn tribe, she's going to be another beauty  and we'll lose the numbers. It will be 3-3.  What do we do if we lose a challenge? It's a beauty. We can't have that many  beauties around.  I'd rather do that because anything could happen. One thing is going to  happen, all of a sudden, what? I’m absolutely alone. But brain tribe  seemingly has already made the decision. Everybody is on board to take out a  beauty.  Comfortable?  But people say one thing, and then they turn around five minutes later and  say something else.  How it is? Comfortable? We can actually all fit.  Who knows? It might switch all over again.  Welcome to our very humble abode. It's nice to have you all. I.  I don't think anybody expected the switch today. I was stunned. On beauty the  girls' alliance is really, really tight. We're all I can voided now, us tree  girls, and it's nerve-racking.  Let me find out.  Yes.  How's it going?  The only thing is to go down all the way, Debbie.  So what do you guys think, honestly? Make yourself at home, kids. It's your  home.  On my tribe I find myself with two beauty, two brain, two brawn.  We're all bleeding blue right now.  So there's a lot to think about. It's going to be a rough adjustment, but you  have to keep your head up and read people until it comes time where i've got  to make an alliance.  Neal and I are proposing once we get some food in us, go scrounging and we  get probably the last cup of coffee and we watch the sunset go down together.  The new Chan Loh tribe is a good tribe. It was a warm welcome to our humble  abode, but immediately I’m just looking for an opening because my game play  is I’m on the offense, not the defense. And from the get-go, I wanted to work  with brawn because the brawn tribe definitely is the power house.  And I thought I work out hard and train hard that. Girl makes me look like  chicken little. I was really ripped two weeks ago.  Uh-huh.  So we're on a walk looking for coconuts and Debbie has a very motherly vibe  and it definitely could be good for me to have like a motherly figure around,  too. So I think it could be a good duo.  I just thought you were really the triple threat, just the way I could hear  you briefly, I said, and she's really smart. You have to be smart. You have  to have discipline to be built like you are.  I've been playing the dumb jock role, but I haven't told anybody that I went  to one of the top schools in the nation. You wouldn't with like, she's so  smart. No. That's just not what I give off. But I did go to an ivy league  school. It took a lot to get there, especially growing up in the atlanta  public school system.  You andry close.  Okay.  We don't appear close and we absolutely know how to zip it.  Okay. That's the key thing.  Keep in mind, eventually I want to see a woman win this.  Yes.  Okay. I’m with you on that one.  I spoke with Cydney about my plan of the two brawns hooking up with the two brains.  Now I need to speak to Jason and make it a foursome.  You talked to Cydney?  Yes.  First time I saw her, I just liked her, the athleticism and so we kind of  wanted to take out a beauty if it came to it. And let them know what it's  like. I all right went to Cydney. I already went to Jason. We have a  foursome. Ding, ka-ching, ka-ching. We got a cyanide triple bond carbon  nitrogen. You're not breaking it between us because in this game you have to  have flexibility, and you have to have strength. Once again I’m the  mastermind behind the scene, and they just behind the scene, and they just  don't see me coming. Don't see me coming.  Yeah, the outside of it, it's a thick meat coconut. I'll open it. I'll show  you. With Caleb being gone, I think about a dear friend, but the switch  happened and we come together as a new tribe, so there's a lot of opportunity  to make new friends.  You're very gracious with your food. Thank you.  We're going to repay you by winning.  Tai is great. It's always great to have a guy in your tribe that keeps things  jovial. He knows how to do everything. That's cool. I like people like that.  Scot, want to go pick mango? I need a boost. Scot is gigantic. He's  6'11". He's so tall. 370 pounds. I think almost three of me to make one  of him, and he wears size 18 shoes. That's amazing. I need a boost. I've  didn't dying to do this.  Good?  Tai is light as a feather. I tossed him up the tree and that little dude just  ran around that tree picking mangoes like crazy.  This is fun for me. I don't feel scared or anything.  I have man crush on Tai already. In my opinion, he's number one most valuable  member of the tribe right now.  One more branch. Straight ahead. Right there.  It's an easy pick.  Oh, that's a good one.  It's exciting to do something new.  It is. It's fun now because honestly it was nice to bond, but it was like,  okay, when are we going to play? I’m in the worst spot ever with this extra  dynamic of Julia coming back into the mix, there's no way that brains are  going to keep both beauty, so it's either Tai or i.  Tai, he's the one that was running around with the ido. Twice we caught him.  We're like, this guy needs to go.  I'm a professional poker player. I play a strategy game for a living. I know  how to adjust. I know how to hustle. I saw him patting the ground where the  trees are. I saw him find the id.l. And dig it up.  I'm not afraid to throw Tai under the bus to protect myself and get as far as  I can in the game.  I caught Tai twice looking for the hidden immunity idol. An I thought, can we  stick together? It's an uphill battle, but I’m not going to go out without a  fight.  What day do you guy think it is, 13?  The tribe swap is a rebirth for me. This mix of beauty, brain and brawn, it  kind of makes things more simple. It's two, two and two. So it's going to be  the battle of the pairs. I’m with Michele right now, and I’m trying to make  some bonds to get two more with us.  I like everybody here, or at least... I mean, first impression, right. Cydney  seems cool as hell. What about you?  Pretty much right with you. You know, Michele seems really nice. I like you.  Yeah, same.  You seem like a solid person.  When it comes to being manipulative, I think I’m the most intelligent person  out here, so coming into this tribe, I get to start fresh and come up with  new lies or new stories, and I’m happy about it.  I can probably get Michele to be on board. If you're on board with me, you'd  be good with Cydney. She'll be good.  Right there. Right now.  And Michele will be four. We make up our own new brawn tribe pretty much.  Right. I agree with that.  Coming to the new Chan Loh tribe, I was put in a good spot. Beauty are going  to stick together. The brains are going to stick together, and they're both  reaching for Cydney and i. Both sides look at us as that tiebreaker. So it's  a great spot to be in. Beauty on the right, brains on the left. Who do you  side with? We kind of hold all the power. We kind of hold all the power. So I’m  feeling really good. So I’m feeling really good. And I like felt my body  shutting down. I had never felt like that before. It was a combination of  dehydration, being out here alone and paranoia. At this point there is no  chance of me reconnecting with my entire alliance, so it's going to be hard.  I would say that right now being out here alone is the hardest part of my  game so far. People don't know that I’m actually a teen, and I think it's  easier for stronger people, bigger people than me, people with more life  experience than me to help get you through this. All day all i've been  thinking about is what could possibly be going on back at camp. The longer I’m  out here, the the longer I’m out here, the more paranoid I’m going to get.  More paranoid I’m going to get.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Old habit.  I know. Die hard.  Jeff: All right. You guys ready to get to your first immunity challenge as  new tribes? First things first, i'll take back the idols. Thank you, Michele.  Thank you, Joe. Once again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's  challenge, two members of each tribe swim out and retrieve a net of fish  puzzle pieces. Once you get it back to shore, two other tribe members will  untie those fish, hook them on to a pole. You'll carry that up to the puzzle  platform, where the remaining two tribe members will use those pieces to  complete a fish puzzle. First tribe to get it right wins immunity, safe from  the vote. Losers, tribal council or somebody will be the fifth person voted  out of this game. Give you a minute to strategize and we'll get started. All  right. Here we go. For immunity, Survivors ready? Go! It is Nick and Jason  and Scot and Aubry heading out into the water. You can't dive down until both  of you are at the buoy, so you are only as fast as your slowest swimmer.  Go, Nick. Let's go, Jason.  Come on, guys.  Jeff: Jason and Nick are there first. They both dive down. There's Aubry. Scot  goes down now. Scot has the first set of knots undone. He's going to do it  all himself Scot working on that second set. Nick still working on the first.  Scot has the second set. Jason has the second set. Now it's going to be a  race back to the beach.  Let's go, Scot!  Jeff: There are 14 puzzle pieces that weigh about 100 pounds, so with that  and the water, it's a lot of resistance.  All right, Gondol.  Jeff: Scot has been a workhorse in this challenge for his tribe, basically  doing this first stage all by himself. And he's now got a pretty decent lead  over Jason and Nick.  Nick and Jason get closer, less resistance.  Closer together, guys.  Jeff: There's a lot of drag on that water. These pieces weigh a lot.  Push it, push it.  Jeff: You can see how much effort it takes to drag these up. Once you get to  the mat, you can start untying them. Go, Gondol. It's now Joe and Tai working  to untie these. Here comes Jason and Nick.  Come on, Nick!  Jeff: Go, Chan Loh. Now Michele and Cydney join Scot and Tai. This is the  second stage of this challenge. How quickly can you get those pieces untied  and on their hook? Tai and Joe doing a nice job. Tai with another puzzle  piece. Michele with another piece.  Good job, good job.  Jeff: Cydney and Michele have all of them untied. Tai still untying for Gondol.  The girls doing a nice job for Chan Loh. They have made up some time.  Good job.  Jeff: Tai has them all untied. He's now going to get involved in putting them  on the hooks. We're very close. Once you have all four team, carry them up.  The girls have it for Chan Loh. They are now in the lead. They're heading  out. Right behind them, there's Joe and Tai. The girls are dragging them.  It's so much heavier than you can anticipate. Now it's Gondol back in the  lead.  All the way up, all the way up, all the way up.  And on one, two, three, girls!  Jeff: All right, girl, you're out. Now we're to the final stage. It is Debbie  and Neal and it is Anna and Peter. 14 puzzle pieces. Get them all on that  table before you start working on the puzzles. Both groups have all their  pieces. Now you can start working on that puzzle. This is it.  Come on, guys.  We have a big one.  Okay.  Jeff: Peter's had a lot of success on puzzles. So has Anna. It could be a  tight duo. Neal and Debbie have done a lot of work on puzzles.  No.  Jeff: Chan Loh has a lot of pieces down. That could be a very good thing or  absolutely meaningless. You don't know until you get to the end of the "Survivor"  puzzle if it's right or not. It can fool you.  Good job, guys.  Jeff: Neal and Debbie making a lot of progress. If they're right. Anna and Peter  are taking a long time to make any progress at all.  Good communication. Good communication.  Jeff: Is that it?  We got it, jeff.  Jeff: Neal and Debbie think they have it. Immunity for Chan Loh! Sending Gondol  to tribal council where the fifth person will be voted out of this game.  That was fast.  Jeff: Chan Loh, congratulations. Immunity, no tribal council, nobody going  home. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. All right, Gondol. For one of you,  this is it. Tonight somebody going home from this tribe, and at the next  reward challenge, Julia will join your tribe. Grab your stuff, head back to  camp. See you tonight at tribal council.  As soon as we lost the challenge, my heart sank. We are going to tribal  council, and it's probably going to be a beauty person.  It's a battle of Anna versus  it's a battle of Anna versus Tai. Tai. Guys. Sorry.  We had a strategy of just taking our time, focus, get it together. We look  over and they're done.  They were so good.  Right now it definitely comes down to me and Anna tonight.  I thought we had a really good chance.  I have the idol. I know if I play the idol, I know I will last another day,  but I don't want the play the idol. If I don't play it, they might be all  voting for me. More than once. Many Survivors go home with the idol in their  pocket.  So, guys and gals, what do you think?  I think we vote Tai tonight.  You want the primary provider out?  The objective is to get one beauty out. I prefer Anna because she's more  divisive. That's a good argument. I'll let you know how that goes.  Sure. I don't care.  I think the argument for Anna to go now is because she's too good of a  player. She's a schemer. She's intelligent, and she's a very attractive  woman. She can win people over not only with her brain but with her looks.  If we basically blindside Anna, because Tai is really good at camp. He does  everything.  I see the argument both ways.  Do we want to protect the brains or not?  That's what I want.  Well, if we do, we still have three and two on the other side, and I know  she's sweet and everything, but if we want to get to the end, we have to play  the game smart.  Okay.  I can count on you then?  I'm going to go on you with this one.  What do you think about tonight now that we lost?  Well, they're talking get one of the beauty out for numbers.  I figured.  It's part of the game.  I do not like Peter. There is something ar gabt about Peter. We could take Peter  out. I can do it because I have the idol.  Scot?  Yeah. Do you really want Peter out? There might be a way.  How?  I have the idol. I can play it.  You have the idol.  I have the idol. Want to see it?  Yes.  Yes.  I love this.  We can do it. Do you want to?  Done.  Done.  Let's do it.  I love "Survivor." I love blind sides and I love immunity idol,  especially hidden ones.  I'll use it and we'll all vote for Peter. I want the take Peter out and we  have numbers.  I was petrified, but Tai will be using the idol, so whoever is the next  person who has the higher vote goes home. Who is that going to be? It's going  to be Peter.  See you later.  One of us is going home tonight.  They want to go Anna. That's what they want.  Okay.  Aubry came up to me and said, Tai is safe.  I'm going to go get some water.  So with Jason, I have two guys that have idols, and if you put them together,  it becomes super idol, and I thought, wow, we could blind side Anna and keep  the idol hidden, that would make me the only person in the game of "Survivor"  that knows where there are two idols. That puts me in, in a good spot  provided I get to the merge.  What is the best thing?  They are voting Anna out. I like you. They like you. Nobody wants you to go.  You're asking me what's best for you. What's best for you, I think, is to  save the idol. As long as you can.  Yes, of course.  They're not voting you out tonight, so don't use it.  Scot said, maybe they're not going to vote for me and I can use the idol as a  tool, but I’m so worried that if I don't play the idol, I might go home with  the idol in my pocket, in my shoe. That would be a terrible thing.  You know, tribal council is like high school prom. You don't know what you're  going to get out of it, but you're going to feel something.  I can keep it for myself, share with an narcotic I don't know. I guess I’m bringing  my idol tonight, and I want to see how it plays out. I think a lot of stuff  will probably come up at tribal, and from therely decide whether to from  therely decide whether to play it or not. Play it or not.  Jeff: Anna and Tai, as it is your first time at tribal, there are two torches  back there, grab one, dip it in and get fire. Part of the ritual of tribal  council because in this game, fire represents your life. When you fire is  gone, so are you. So Aubry, looking at the tribe division, is it fair to say  with three wrains, you, Peter and Joe are sticking together in.  Absolutely. These are the people we know, the devils we know, but when you go  into a tribe swap, you want to stick to the numbers.  Jeff: So, Scot, that puts you in an interesting spot. It could be good. It  could be terrible because you have no buddy.  I'm literally alone on an island, if you want to go there, but people have talked  to me and they've made me part of their group for now, and we'll see what  happens.  Jeff: Anna, what was your feeling, knowing I’m not on the bottom but I’m cerTainly  not in the power spot.  Automatically my heart dropped. I don't have the numbers. My first thought is  there is a good chance if we lose immunity, it will be Tai or i. That's what  I feel like now.  Jeff: Tai, do you feel the same way? Do you think it's you or an in?  I agree completely. These are the brains. These are the smart people. They  have three. We have two. Obviously they're going to keep Scot because he's  massive, a huge asset to the challenges.  Jeff: Anna, what do you do?  I can read between the lines, it's whatever the brains and Scot decide. It's  50/50. I think it's really important to keep the tribe strong. I might not  have big gun, but my legs are strong. You know, I’m competitive. So hopefully  they see me as an asset and keep my around a little longer.  And I hate that we're discussing about this because we have a great connection.  And I’m playing everything very straightforward with you guys, you know, and  I always work. I’m the one that works. I’m the one that discovers edible  food. The reason I scrape up tree, I climb mango trees to get mangoes for the  tribe. You can see it. It's forming a scab already.  Jeff: I believe you.  I'm not hurt. Even with this thing... Even with this thing, I have a lot of  skills, a lot of resources, and I never ever complain about work, never.  Jeff: Aubry, do you appreciate the fact you have two very different people,  and they're both making their case from their own personality?  Quite honestly, it's hard to hear because they're putting it all on the  table, and I appreciate it, but we're going to have to make a tough decision.   Jeff: Joe, has the topic of idols come up.  Well, my personal belief, you always say there is a twist. I think the twist  is there was no twist about an idol.  Jeff: Meaning there isn't one?  There is not one. I would have thought by now there would be a cue. That has  not happened and we're moving on in the game. Pi personal belief is there is  not one.  Jeff: Tai, do you believe it's possible there are actually no idols out here?   I don't think so either because I looked and I got in trouble from the beauty  tribe. And actually I’m terrible about looking for stuff. I have a bad sense  of direction, so I never find it, and there's in clue. So I don't think  there's an idol out there.  Jeff: So Scot, if it's true that it's Peter, Aubry and Joe versus Anna and  Tai, you have options.  Well, possibly. But it all depends on how tight the brains are.  Jeff: Peter, Scot brings up an interesting point. Did you see people trying  to figure out if there are cracks between you and Aubry and Joe?  Not today. But to be honest, jeff, I’m not concerned because I’m in a  position of power. The brains and Scot, we're in the power position. We can  do what we want right now and we're going to.  Jeff: But Peter, the hardest thing about tribal is you can't ever trust a  single thing you're hearing from anyone because you don't know what story it  is they want you to believe is actually happening.  That's the irony. Tribal council is its own little universe. The words out of  our mouths aren't necessarily the truth.  Jeff: So what's the likelihood that Anna, Tai and Scot decide we're dead if  we don't take these three brains on right now tonight?  Likelihood low, very low.  Jeff: Aubry, the reason I ask is, if you're sitting where I am, the three of  you are three. There's two and there's one. So it's not a bad idea to make  another three and say, let's just go for broke.  That could definitely be a possibility. You see three. You feel like these  people are tight. If you're in a desperate situation, some people would go  for it.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Anna. Anna. You're up. You're up. I'll  go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want the  play it, idol and you want the play it, now would be the time to do so. Now  would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are read, the decision is  final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area  immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Peter. Anna. Anna. Two votes Anna.  Anna. That's three votes Anna, one vote Peter. Fifth person voted out, Anna.  That's four, that's enough. That's four, that's enough. You need to bring me  your torch. You need to bring me your torch. Anna, the tribe has spoken.  Good luck, everyone.  Good luck, everyone.  Jeff: Time for you to go.  Jeff: Time for you to go. Well, "Survivor" is a game about  decisions. Tonight you decided to keep Tai over Anna, and the question you're  going to be wrestling with until the next immunity challenge, did we make the  right decision? Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Head back to camp. Good  night. Good night.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," Debbie is courting a new alley.  One of my strategies is not to be a flirt, but I think Nick looks like a  greek God.  Jeff: While Joe investigates one of his own.  Are you going to take me out? Don't lie. I’m retired f.b.i. I’m trained to  deal with somebody like that.  Oh, my God, this hurts so much. I did not expect to be out this early. I thought  I was politician a pretty good game, but maybe I was playing a little too  hard. But that was my strategy. I was going to go all in. I was going to go  with my gut. When Tai showed me the idol, I thought, oh, my God, we're going  to blind side Peter, but he to blind side Peter, but he blind sided me.