<br/>Previously on: "Survivor,"  after a surprise switch -- drop your buffs -- "Survivor: Kaoh Rong"  went from three tribes to two tribes, and Julia was forced to go to brawn  beach alone to fend for herself until she could join the tribe that lost  immunity. Over at the new Chan Loh tribe, it was an even split.  Two beauty, two brain, two brawn.  Jeff: And Debbie didn't waste any time forming relationships.  I want to see a woman win this. I’m on the offense, not the defense.  Jeff: At the new Gondol tribe, the switch left the beauties with numbers and  the beauty with good reason to worry.  It's either Tai or i.  Jeff: At the last immunity challenge --  we got it, jeff, we got it.  Jeff: Immunity for Gondol lost. Back at camp, the fate of the beauties was  left in the brain's hand.  The objective is to get one beauty out.  Jeff: Sensing trouble, Tai considered saving his idol.  Save the idol as long as you. Can.  I'm so worried.  Jeff: At tribal council, Tai kept his idol. And the brains tribe found Anna  to be their biggest threat.  Anna, the tribe has spoken.  Jeff: 12 are left, who will be voted out tonight? Captioning funded by cbs  and ford. We go further, so you can.  Let's get a fire going here.  You're so useful around this camp and you're such a good guy.  Thank you, guys, for keeping me here.  You're such a good guy. Come on.  At tribal Anna was completely in shock. I couldn't look at her. I feel bad.  But I’m glad Scot told me, don't play you idol, because I didn't want to show  anybody my idol. The more people know, the less power you have. Now I have to  fight and see how it unfolds. I definitely need some luck.  Let's just not go to tribal council again.  We don't want to do that again.  Can we kill the chicken tomorrow?  Since the tribe swapped, everything is up in the air. There's a lot of uncerTainty  as far as alliances go. It's got me thinking about my next step, so in the  old brain tribe, I was on the bottom rung, so believe it or not, I might  actually disband this brain tribe.  I want to talk to you about something I was thinking about.  Yeah.  This game is evolving. I’m not just a brain.  Yeah.  On the brain, I was at the bottom rung because they voted out my alliance. I was  next. So I have no allegiance to them.  Oh. I want to get Joe out. He's not helping us out with anything. By lying to  me, Aubry and Joe pissed me off. A game is a game. If I was still in their  brain tribe, I would be on the bottom rung, so I’m actually positioning  myself better. We can talk about it. I’m not going to let them get in front  of me and $1 million. I’m starting to think if I’m going to make a move, now  is the time. [ theme song playing]  we're all happy at camp, smiling. What's going on inside is just thinking,  non-stop. It's a nervous energy, like right before you're about to take the  field as an athlete. So from here on out i'll be bonding and making  relationships. Time to play. Play or go home.  You now, Nick, i've always found, and it hasn't mattered if I was girl  scouts, a soccer team, you know, the animal rescue, I always step up to the  plate and will lead when nobody else does.  That's what it seems like, yeah, you know how to lead.  Debbie is easy the read. She just needs to talk, she needs to be heard,  listened to.  I'm always on the scan for the coconuts.  She wants people to step up to the plate, so I just have to remember, be that  person for Debbie. Whatever person she admires, which is herself, just be  her.  Give you the honor.  I think Nick looks like a greek God. He's got finely chiseled bone,  absolutely ripped, and the angular features of his face just make for great  photography, and I know that because I each modeled off and on for years and  years. I bet anything he gets a real modeling contract. But it's going to  have no effect on my strategy to make it to the merge, and that's still my  number-one priority. I can start a fire with one match.  Right.  Debbie might have a crush on me. She probably does. Maybe she's buttering me  up, though. Maybe she's blowing smoke up my rear end. But I doubt it.  We have tree mail. Here we go.  In this challenge the tribes we lease but wees from the floor of the ocean  and throw them into baskets.  I have the feeling. Sure enough, we have reward challenge, which involves  some form of basketball. Our opponents have a professional basketball player,  but we have our own secret weapon, adonis, a.k.a. Nick.  I was a point guard in high school, so I -- going up against an nba player, I’m  not expected to win, but I will not go down without a fight.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Chan Loh getting your first look at the new Gondol  tribe. Anna voted out at the last tribal council. We'll now bring in Julia,  returning from brawn beach. Julia getting her first look at her new tribe.  You will join Gondol, replacing Anna.  Okay.  Jeff: We have a buff for you.  Hi, Julia.  Jeff: You can drop that over buff.  Thanks, guys.  Jeff: Shall we get to today's reward challenge?  Yes, sir.  Jeff: For today's challenge, one member of each tribe dives down to release a  group of buoys. You must then work together to get all the but wees back to  shore where the two remaining tribe members will attempt to shoot the buoys  into a basket. First tribe to get ten buoys in their basket wins reward. Want  to know what you're playing for?  Yeah.  Yes.  Oh, my God.  Oh, man.  Jeff: "Survivor" picnic, bread, meat, cheese, individual tackle,  tuna salad, assorted beverages. I know it's worth playing for. You guys ready  to get to it?  Yes.  Jeff: All right. Let's do it. Take a minute to strategize and we'll get it  on. All right. Here we go. For reward, "Survivor" ready? Go!  Get 'em, Michele.  Jeff: It is Aubry for Gondol, Michele for Chan Loh. You got to swim out, dive  down, untie the knot.  Let's go, blue.  Jeff: 30 buoys will pop to the surface. There goes Michele. She's heading  down. Aubry right behind her. Michele, no, heading back down again. Aubry  going back down again. Aubry has them for Gondol. The buoys are up. Go, Gondol!   Yeah, Aubry.  Jeff: Jewelback Peter, Tai and Aubry working those buoys back toward the  shore. Big setback for Chan Loh. Michele can not get it done. Gondol with a  huge lead in this challenge.  Stay relaxed.  Jeff: Michele still trying to get it.  You got it. Come on. You can do this.  Jeff: Michele still working.  Come on, Michele.  Jeff: There it is! Go, Chan Loh. Michele did it. Chan Loh has their buoys. Now  you got to get them all to the shore. Gondol now with a nice lead. This part  of the challenge comes down to how well you can corral those buoys together  as a tribe. The faster you get back, the sooner your shooters can start  shooting, and that will be the advantage.  Heads up. We're almost here.  Jeff: You have to get all those buoys back the shore and then start shooting.   There you go. To the beach, to the beach.  Jeff: Gondol doing a nice job moving more buoys. They got them all out of the  water. Now you have to get them in the rack. There it is. You're done. You  can start shooting. Gondol with a big lead right now. Scot just misses. Chan  Loh still working. Scot very close again. There you go. Chan Loh has all  their buoys back. Go, Nick. It's now Nick versus Scot.  Yeah, one.  Jeff: Scot with the first one for gonzalez. Gondol leads 1-0. You're looking  for ten. Nick in and out.  Relax, relax.  Jeff: Scot with his second. It is Gondol with 2. Nick with his first for Chan  Loh.  You got it, Nick. Good job.  Jeff: There's three for Scot. And Gondol. Nick returns fire with his second.  In and out for Scot.  Come on.  Jeff: You got to hit it just right, and Nick does. We're tied 3-3. Just like  that we got a challenge. Nick can put Chan Loh in the lead and he does. Chan  Loh with four.  Nice job.  Jeff: Gondol with three. Oh, again in and out, Scot. So many so close but not  sticking. Nick with number five. It is now Chan Loh with five, Gondol with  three. There's four. So good he splits the buoy. It is 5-4. Make it 6-4. Scot  returns fire.  Get in there!  Jeff: Just misses. Chan Loh leads 6-4 over Gondol. Big reward on the line.  Make it seven for Chan Loh.  Great job, Nick.  Jeff: That's five. We're 7-5. Nick just misses. Scot scores. It is 7-6. Gondol  closing the gap. Make it 8-6.  Good job.  Jeff: Scot has got to pick it up. And he does. It is 8-7. We are neck and  neck still. Nick just misses. We are tied. It is 8-8. Two left. Nick just  misses.  Relax.  Jeff: Scot scores. Gondol back in the lead. 9-8. Gone gone's got one left.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Nick with another shot. Nick just misses. Scot could win it right here.   Scot, what you doing?  Jeff: And he does. Gondol wins reward.  All right.  My fault.  Jeff: Huge reward. Gondol, come grab it. Head back to camp and enjoy your  afternoon of feasting.  Oh, my God.  Nice shooting, Nick. You put the pressure on him.  Jeff: All right, Chan Loh. Got nothing for you. Grab your stuff. Head back to  camp.  I screwed up the reward challenge. I failed our team, you know, and it's nerve-racking  for me. I got to go back the camp and keep fighting and hopefully I can turn  things around. Âª  boom.  Tuna salad.  That was the best way to come back in.  Yeah, welcome.  Walking into my old camp with a ton of food right after being alone was  really kind of awesome, and it was a good way to kind of enter the tribe,  entering on good vibes is definitely a lot better than entering losing.  So good.  Oh, my God. I was definitely trying to get a read on this tribe because I automatically  was like, crap, I’m next, I’m the next to go, there's no question. They got Anna  out, I have the start from scratch.  Right, so what do you guys all do? Can we go around and do this?  You're a bomb u. Student?  I'm a b.u. Student.  What year?  I am a junior.  What's your major.  I'm studying communecations.  I'm an e.r. Doctor.  Really?  Uh-huh.  That's amazing.  I was happy Julia came in for Anna. She wasn't from my initial impression  someone that's conniving. That's someone I want to work with.  It's hard just coming in. Awesome.  Joe has been pissing me off lately. No, think about it. They got rid of my  alliance. I'll be honest. I’m trying to figure out a time to get out Joe and Aubry.  Aubry is more important to get out because she's big time.  That's what I assumed.  I don't know if now is too early.  I'm down. I’m down. It's funny. Peter immediately latched on to me and was  like, let's work together and get Aubry out. I was like, I’m totally on board  with that. Sounds good. As long as it's not my name, I will go with it  because I got to save myself.  I don't understand the man, bright, sharp, very intelligent, strong.  The brains have control of this tribe right now. And I would prefer that we  get out Julia first. That's the easy vote. The brains keep the numbers, but Peter  decides to kind of isolate with her, and I’m a little bit suspicious about  that.  Even Julia coming back, you she she'd say, what can I do?  She's calculating. That's what's going on.  Peter is a little rogue and desperate right now, which makes me feel like I need  to seriously consider whether now is the time for Peter to go.  Noble effort, everybody. Valiant.  100% my fault.  You held your own. It was amazing.  We were behind with the balls coming up, so he started ahead of you and  finished ahead of you, but you did great.  I was angry with myself. I should have won that. Of course, everybody goes,  no, no, no, don't worry about it, you were going against an nbaf player. I should  have closed a deal, but Michele couldn't untie the knot at the very  beginning. Well, Anna's gone.  Today was not the best day for my "Survivor" game. A girl who is in  my top-two alliance got voted out. Besides that I just put my head on the  chopping block by blowing that challenge. And it freaking sucks.  Michele, don't beat yourself up. She might go drown herself. You guys might  want the keep an eye on her.  Damn, Debbie.  Everything that's been up to this point, it feels like it's teetering, but I’m  not one to give up. It does seem like I have the start over, so I’m just  going to try and use my social skills to build me back up. There are times  that you need to step up, and I definitely needed to step up and I didn't. I was  really bummed obviously.  I know you were.  When it comes down to something that close, you shoulder the responsibility,  and it sucks. I like Debbie a lot. She's really quirky, and I think she's  pretty honest and upfront about what she thinks and what she respects. So  maybe Debbie's my best option. I’m hoping we don't have to go to tribal, if  we do, who are you thinking?  I'm thinking I don't care for Jason all that much because he doesn't do  anything around camp. And i'd rather have a woman win. This i'd rather the  girls battle it out. We're outnumbered right now.  Big time.  I just don't want you to think you have no options. She wants us to work with  her to get Jason out.  We're not going that way. Here's the thing. Everyone's going to be friendly  toward you. This is the pep talk Debbie gave you. She wants your spirits to  be up so you're not nervous, but you are definitely the target.  The way that Nick speaks to me is not in a way that I would ever tolerate man  speaking to me in my regular life, and I just want to be like, bro, I know,  but that's his ego.  We have to trust somebody, and I don't think we trust Debbie. I don't think  we trust Neal. I have to almost coach Michele in this game. She's young and  she doesn't really know how to manipulate. So that's going to be my job from  here on out. Making sure Michele is under my wing and making sure she says  the right things and comes across the right way. So the plan is we'll stick  with brawn and then we'll figure it out when we get over on the other side.  Right now what I’m going to do is just let Nick baby me and make him believe  that I need all the help that he can offer. Like the innocent little girl,  like I’m stupid, but actually I’m a strong, independent woman, and when it  comes time to make a move, then I will. I don't need to be carried, bro.  We haven't spoken much.  I know. But I talked to Julia, and we want to get Aubry out.  You want to get Aubry out?  And I westbound -- want to get Joe off our team because he's bossy. I’m a  free agent. Ever since they took out my alliance member, i've been out the  get them.  Every time I turn around, there's Peter walking away with those guys and it  makes me nervous because pete's been after my butt from the get go.  He's working them all over right now.  I'm going to approach him. And if he lice to me, that's it. The problem with Peter  is he plays both sides. And he's so transparent, you can see right through  him. Fortunately I’m retired f.b.i., and I’m trained to deal with someone  like that. I’m going to ask one question and you tell me straight up:are you  trying to take me out?  Don't lie.  What was the question?  Are you telling people to take Joe out, and if you lie right now, I’m telling  you... Just tell me the truth. Tell me the truth, pete, don't dance around.  Don't [bleeped] me. All you have to do is say yes or no.  Joe starts accusing me of wanting to vote him out there. Is a serb element of  truth to that. I've been playing as hard as possible. Unfortunately, it just  blew up on me.  I don't know what you're talking about.  Answer the question. It's not a tough question. Are you telling people, Joe's  got to go.  No.  Okay. I don't know what you're talking about.  Never mind. When you corner somebody like that and they don't want to tell  the truth, they start dancing, which is what happened. He's kind of like the  cancer. I don't know, he's just not trust worthy. So I’m done with that. And  if we lose the next challenge, we got the -- to take him out. All right. All  right. You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yeah.  Jeff: First things first, Cydney, I must take it back. Once again immunity is  back up for grabs. For today's challenge, both tribes will work together to  get through a series of obstacles. Then two tribe members will use poles to  knock blocks out of an overhead net. Once you have all the blocks, you must  stack them one on top of the other. First tribe to finish wins immunity, safe  from the vote. Losers, tribal council where somebody will be the sixth person  voted out of this game. This challenge will come down to one thing and one  thing only: Teamwork. The tribe with the best teamwork will win this  challenge. Take a minute to strategize. We'll get started. All right. Here we  go, for immunity, Survivors ready? Go! It is a race over this first obstacle.  You need to attack it. Do not waste any time right here.  Everybody good? Everybody good?  Jeff: Pretty even out of the gate.  Come on.  Jeff: Nick and Jason hop over. Scot is over. Scot helping tie, who is  struggling.  On the mat.  Jeff: Chan Loh is over first. Good teamwork. Head on. This will be the  toughest part right here. You got to get up and over and you cannot use the  structure. Joe going up and over.  Nice, nice, nice.  Jeff: Gondol has to pick it up.  Ready?  Everybody good?  Jeff: Nick is up and over on his own. Nick pulling up Debbie. Chan Loh still  in the lead. Here comes Scot. A lot of people going to rely on Scot. Scot  gets Joe over. Scot gets Tai over. This is like a dad with a kid. Julia going  up and over. Gondol caught up now. Cydney's now up for Chan Loh. Here comes Neal.  Peter using his back for a huge dude, and this is where Gondol is starting to  fall behind.  Come on.  Jeff: Scot is finally over.  Let's go.  Jeff: Chan Loh, start untying.  Quick, quick, quick.  Jeff: Here goes Peter. And he's got it.  Go, go. Go!  Jeff: Chan Loh with a nice lead. Got to untie both poles. It is Jason and Nick  for Chan Loh.  Let's go, guys.  Jeff: It is Scot and Peter for Gondol.  You guys got it.  Jeff: There are 20 blocks. You have to get all 20 out of this net before you  can move on.  Keep going, keep going, keep going.  Jeff: First block out for Gondol. There's one out for Chan Loh. Another for Gondol.  Gondol now in the lead with another block and two more. Nick and Jason  struggling. Gondol with a big lead right now.  All right. Go. Go, go, go, go!  Jeff: Gondol working on to the final stage of this challenge while Chan Loh  is still working on their blocks. You have 20 blocks. You have to stack them  one on top of each other. This stack is going to get very high. You have to  figure out a system for working together.  I think we should try, Scot will hold the little ones and we put big blocks  below it.  Hold on, hold on.  You got three more?  Jeff: Nick and Jason trying to catch up.  Get it, get it, get it.  Jeff: Nick with the last one. Let's go, Chan Loh! Pick it up. They had the  lead for most of the challenge, but not anymore. Gondol is making quick work  of this. Three at a time?  One at a time.  Stack the two, stack the three, let's go.  Jeff: Scot and Peter lifting the stack, very risky approach. They're stacking  from the middle. Scot trying to hold it steady along with Peter, but it is  really wobbly at the top.  Are we good here?  Yes.  Jeff: Debbie on the shoulders of Nick. A completely different strategy. Debbie  stacking three more.  Hole on, hold on.  Jeff: Gondol down to their last one. They can win it right here. Gondol  taking their time. They're going the lose it. No, they're not. It's wobbling.  It's tipping. Watch out. Blocks hit Joe in the head. Those are big, heavy  blocks. Opens the door for Chan Loh now.  You okay?  I'm good.  I got a hard head.  Jeff: It is Neal, Debbie, Nick, Michele, Jason and Cydney. Is this it? Blocks  falling now for Chan Loh. The door back open for Gondol. Joe took a big hit  to the head, blood streaming down his face. Tai now on Scot's shoulders. Debbie  standing on Nick's shoulders whom will get there first? Chan Loh down to  their last three. Tai literally standing on Scot's shoulders. This is  teamwork right here. Chan Loh or Gondol?  Come on, buddy.  Take your time, buddy.  Jeff: Chan Loh down to their last block. Gondol down to their last block. Debbie  has it. Get on your mat.  Come on.  Jeff: One, two, three. Chan Loh wins! Literally by seconds. Chan Loh,  dramatic finish.  Thank you, jeff.  Jeff: Another win. No tribal council tonight. Nobody going home. Grab your  stuff, head back to camp. Gondol, troobl council tonight. Somebody will be  the sixth person voted out of this game. Grab your stuff, head back to camp.  On the way out, Joe, have a look at that.  Keeping Peters numbers-wise would make sense if he was a straight shooter,  but you don't know what he's going to do. Before you get in a position where,  oh, my God, I’m in trouble, you take the trouble out.  So close.  Very close.  We did nothing wrong. Just one second away.  We should have put the big blocks and then the little. I’m sorry.  I didn't reaLize it was that high.  Yeah, it was really, really high.  Today Peter had a strategy for how to stack the blocks, but that didn't work  out so well. And now we got to go to tribal. Even though I don't trut him, I feel  like it's not the right thing right now to get rid of Peter, because if we do  that, Tai, Scot and Julia will have the numbers, 3-2. And that really scares  me.  What do you think?  Right now, that argument...  It's a big deal.  He wigged out.  So we want the keep the tribe together, is that what you want?  Here's the deal: If we take out Peter, they're going to come after us next.  I'm sick of Peter, but Aubry does make sense because if we vote him out,  we're going to be down one, and that's really dangerous. So we might have to  keep him short term, even though he's a big pain in the butt.  Talk to Peter and work it out as guys, you know?  I want the make amends with you.  That's fine.  I want the keep this team together.  I do, too. There's no reason I would vote you off.  All right.  I know...  I'm going to believe you.  It's a trust thing.  It is a trust thing, pete. You said, yes, I did, Joe, that would have been  it.  I really wanted to blindside either Aubry or Joe, but that blew up, so you  have to roll with the punches and take it day by day. At this point I feel  like it's better to go with the brains, take out Julia and not stir the  waters.  We have to stick together. You have my word. It's going to be Julia.  I can assure Aubry, right?  Yeah.  Okay.  What's the plan, doctor?  I'm just watching all this go down.  Yeah.  Do you want to talk or no?  I'm scratching my plan. My mutiny fell through because Joe is on edge now. I want  the keep Tai around because I want the chicken. We're voting jewela.  Peteer is voting with the brain, so everything he told me is a lot of b.s. He  is a snake, and I think everybody sees right through his even near, but  still, they're going to stick together, and that doesn't give the rest of us  a lot of options.  Peter said they're voting together.  Joe and Aubry are stupid. He's going to take them out.  The reason they want to keep him is because they think we'll take them out.  Yeah.  So we're at a stalemate.  I'm definitely concerned about tribal tonight. I know I’m on the chopping  block, coming in late to the game, so if we don't do something, I’m pretty  much going home.  If we... He's a smart guy.  He's so arrogant. Joe and Peter.  Joe's loyal. We need to talk to Aubry.  Yeah.  I'm not trying the break you guys up, but tell Aubry what Peter told you.  Peter was talking to me and he said I originally talked to Tai about getting  out Joe, but I’m thinking now instead of Joe we should go with Aubry. So  peteer is using you right now as like a pawn to save himself.  I wasn't surprised to hear that Peter has been trying "the blind  side" Joe, apparently he also threw me under the bus. I was going by the  mantra it's better to stay with the devil you know, but at this point, Peter  is such a wild card, I’m like, are we really going to keep someone you're  afraid is going to blind side you were you blind side him.  We don't need him, so I would be happy if we took Peter out.  Okay. Well, thank for the heads up.  Aubry didn't say much at all. So I don't know what she's thinking. But they  got the numbers. Why would they do anything else than the most obvious thing,  which is voting out Julia?  I don't think she believed me.  It's going to be a tie.  Our original plan was to convince Aubry to come with us and take out Peter.  But the reality is we don't know what she's going to do, so we may have to  just vote out Julia and live to fight another day.  I don't have an affinity of Julia, if she has to go, she has to go. I’m with  you, whatever you say.  Peter is telling everyone me. Maybe we should get rid of him.  Are you serious, cow come back with that? I just went along with what we're  going to do and now you're changing. I can't do that. Seriously.  I don't know what the hell is going to happen. And it puts me in a bad  situation. Do I stick with these brains or do I slip, take out Peter, and  potentially lose Joe's trust?  I'm not switching. I’m staying with the plan. You start doing that last  minute and you get yourself caught up. I’m going to vote Julia.  Okay.  Okay. That's it then.  I have to make a decision, and I feel like no matter what I do, it's going to  blow back and bite me in the ass. Do, it's going to blow back and bite me in  the ass. A torch. Go ahead and grab it. Dip it in the flame and get fire.  It's part of the ritual of tribal council because in this game fire  represents your life. When your fire is gone, so are you. So, Julia, you're  the newest member to this tribe. What is the vibe of this group?  Well, you know, we have three brains, that definitely has kind of created  this very interesting dynamic. I think right now we're very split. So it's  going to be interesting to see what comes out tonight.  Jeff: Aubry, any concern that a new person looks and says, I see a splinter  here, a faction there?  Absolutely. There were tribes we were on before, and some of that legacy  carries over, an you also form new relationships, and it gets very complex.  Jeff: Scot, sounds like she's talking about do the three brains stick  together or is this tribe of six the new tribe and you find divisions within  it?  I think that's the growing pains we're still going through right now. And Julia  picked up on that. If we're going to mainTain old alliances or forge new ones  and be confident in those.  Jeff: Peter, talk about the challenge today. When you got back the camp, was  there any finger pointing?  If there's any finger point, it should be my direction. I had the idea of  elevating the tower versus building it on top. We were very close, one block  away.  Jeff: Aubry, with Peter saying, i'll take it, I made the decision and I was  wrong, is that alone enough to vote him out.  Sure, but we've also been seeing a lot of other sides of Peter over the last  few day, too, ones that people are questioning and they're in the always sure  where he stands, so there are things to take into consideration too.  Jeff: Julia, as the newest person, any attention on somebody else is great  news, but the problem for you right now is you can't trust what anyone is  saying.  Exactly. And the first person to talk game to me as soon as I got to camp was  Peter. Yes, I’m still in this. Of course, everyone has something else to say.  It's hard for me to grasp what's actually happening.  Jeff: Peter, did you make a case, look, Julia's the newest, we're a fight  five, let's stay that way?  Well, this Gondol tribe is complex, so it comes down the trust. That's where  it gets scary, because if there are any fissures, they'll be showing right  now.  Jeff: Scot, is that where this game is, a constant juggling act of what  should we do?  I believe so because there are cerTain members of the tribe that make a  decision and ten minutes later they need to go off and talk about it again.  That creates dissension, that creates distrust, and that worries people.  Jeff: So Aubry, you have all this information, from herer from there, from  there, from everywhere. How do you process it?  I try to be as logical as possible when it comes down to numbers, but at the  end of the day she's shaded by the gut feeling I get about what people are  saying to me.  Jeff: So, Joe, is there a plan in place and regardless of what's happened  tonight, it should get played out?  Well, first of all, jeff, you drew out some interesting answers that people  are unwilling to elaborate on, but I have no idea how this vote is going to  go.  Really?  I thought I did, but now a lot of stuff has been brought up and it's  interesting to see what happens.  Jeff: Peter, there's a lot of talking going on. I’m asking questions, and  there's three or four conversations.  But I can't read lips. It looks like piranhas just going at it. They're  making a decision really fast, and I’m going to try too3 get on.  Jeff: Do you feel as solid now as you did when tribal started?  It's completely alive. It's dynamic. That's where it gets scary.  Julia, original plan.  Okay.  Jeff: Scot, what was that?  Original plan.  Jeff: Wow. So it really is alive. Joe is now looking at Aubry going, what's  original plan mean. Jewelback out of the blue, one comment, this game is  alive.  Yeah, definitely.  Jeff: Is there anything else we need to talk about or should we vote and  settle this?  We should vote.  Just vote.  Jeff: Aubry and Joe are still talking. You ready to vote?  Yeah.  Jeff: All right. Let's do it. It is time to vote. Julia, you're up.  This is the plan as far as I know. As long as my name is not written down I’m  cool. As long as my name is not written down I’m cool.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want the play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final, person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Peter. Julia.  Peter. Two votes Peter. Julia. Two votes Peter, two votes Julia. Peter.  That's three votes Peter, two votes Julia, one vote left. Sixth person voted  out, Peter. You need to bring me your torch. You need to bring me your torch.  Peter, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Well, there was clearly a  lot of uncerTainty about tonight's vote. The only thing that matters to you  guys, you survive and will live to see another day in which the uncerTainty  of this game will most cerTainly return. Grab your torches. Head back to  camp. Good night. Captioning funded by cbs stay tuned for scenes from our  next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor"...  It's the merge.  Oh, my God!  The merge has everyone scrambling for power.  Everybody is dangling. &gt;&gt;.  Jeff: But who will rise to the top in.  Screw everybody else. This is our game. We are unstoppable.  We're just shoving geeks in lockers right now.  It sucks. It's heartbreaking being voted off. I understand where they're  coming from. Life goes on. I’m disappointed in Joe and Aubry. $1 million is  not worth my dignity or word. Of course I’m mad, but no one is going deep on  that team now and I look forward in seeing them in the next few days. If this  is over stacking boxes, i'll never hear the end of it.