<br/>jeff: Previously on "Survivor": This season-- medical! Has been a  test of wills.  It's not easy.  Jeff: With perseverance, Neal--  the idol.  Jeff: Tai.  Whoa!  Jeff: And jaison, each found an idol. But Scot who had ties with Tai and  jaison.  It becomes super idol.  Jeff: Che cha Chan Loh tribe, they were torn on which way to go.  Debbie wants us to work with her.  I don't think we trust Debbie.  Jeff: At the last immunity challenge, Gondol lost. Facing tribal council, Tai,  Julia, and Scot had a plan to get rid of Peter and tried to convince Aubry to  go along.  Peter is using you right now.  Jeff: But Aubry was conflicted.  If we take out Peter, they're going to come after us next. No matter what I do,  it's going ploa back an bite me in the ass.  At tribal council.  Original plan.  Jeff: Aubry was still so uncerTain about the vote she changed hers at the  last second. Sixth person voted out, Peter. Peter, the tribe has spoken. And  now, everything is up in the air. 11 are left. Who will be voted out tonight?  Captioning funded by cbs and ford. We go further, so you can.  Why is it confusing? What's the original plan? That's the problem, you guys  don't make a decision and stick with it, so I was just clearing it it up for Julia.  I wanted to make sure she voted the right way, but you didn't vote the right  way. I am absolutely going to be picking off the brain tribe now, because of  that, because of that indecision, because I can't trust them.  You still voted for Julia, and so did Joe. That's a strange way of building  trust.  I didn't vote for Julia.  You wrote her name down.  I crossed it out. Peter went home, which is what I thought was going to  happen, but I went up there, wrote Julia, crossed it out and wrote Peter, and  I ended up putting a target on my back and on Joe's. So future of the brains  tribe, we're done. I think that's it. And I think it's every man for himself.   And you guys made it into something it wasn't by voting for her. If I have to  go to another tribal, I am absolutely going to write down Aubry, Joe, Aubry, Joe.  And i'll just cross them out until I decide which one I want to go first.  Boy--  chicken, wind chill indexen. He wants that food. Aubry, after you dig that  out, we can just-- oh, my gosh! This is people food. You get your share  later. Stop! No!  He wants it, man.  No, no, no! No! Go over here. You eat this. You can peck at this.  He wants the loose feeses. Tai's relationship with the chicken is a father to  a son, I think. He does everything with the damn bird. He probably likes it  better than us. After tribal, Aubry and i, we're on the chopping block, and  now Tai and Scot and Julia, they've got a three selland two brains, and  bye-bye brains. Aubry, she at least changed her vote back to Peter. So  boom-boom, Joe's done because I broke ranks. At this stage of the game that  chicken's doing better than me. He doesn't miss a trick.  He does not miss a trick.  Boy.  He likes the coconut.  Yeah.  Neal was walking around with a big bulge in his pocket, and I’m just like  hmmm. I know what the idol looks like. So when I saw the imprint in Neal's  pocket, I looked at jaison. I was like we're going to have to flush that bad  boy out.  Which pocket? The left.  In his cargo.  Hmm-hmm.  So how tie it is. It's a lot higher than it's ever been.  It's creeping up. Wow, more crabs.  There are always more craps.  What's that in your pocket? Neal has a bulge in his cargo pocket, and the  reason I think it looks so much like the idol is because I have a matching  one. Now the target's really on him because that makes him a threat to  everybody, you know, but I got to wait. I got to plant the seeds and wait for  the perfect time to sprout up. I’m as pleased as punch right now. I kind of  hold all the power.  Guys, it looks like someone's headed towards us.  What on earth?  Surprise, surprised, huh?  I was sitting on the beach feeling pretty good, getting ready to blindside Neal,  and then this boat shows up. What the hell is going on. Chan Loh you have  five minute to pick up everything you want and board this boat. You're  heading to your new home at the Gondol camp.  Five minutes is not a lot of time.  I made the "Survivor" merge. That's crazy! It's like my dream as a  kid. But, you know, unfortunately, I was in a good position at Chan Loh.  Noweg everything shifted. I don't know what's going on, on the other side,  and that's a scary thought.  I got them. I got them. I got them. This season has been particularly tough  so making the merge is huge. I made it. I never doubted they would make it,  however. You know, the game is switched up again and it's really going to be  insane out there. I love change. I love mixing it up. I take the offense,  pull people in, because people want to be pulled in. Everybody's dangling.  I'll pull them in. Lock them down.  Ahoy! Ahoy!  It's the merge!  Oh, my God! ( screaming )  what!  We're saved!  I made it to the merge! I made it to the merge on "Survivor." that  is awesome. It is such a huge deal. And as soon as I saw jaison and Cydney, I  just thought, oh, man, we're back together. It's like we're in the play-offs.  It's time to start over, refocus. Hopefully my team is strong and ready to get  a championship.  I'm home!  And just like that, Joe and I have been saved. After the last tribal, I felt  like total crap, so much so, that I was telling myself I’m a free agent. I’m separating  from Joe. That's it. And then to see Neal and Debbie, I was so relieved. It  was like being separated from your whacky family and then seeing them again.  I would love some soft cheese.  Whose got the crackers.  Pass the crackers.  So haip with the wine.  Congratulations on the merge.  Congratulations, everybody!  Everybody earned it.  Down the hatch.  Brains, beauty and brawn all together finally, you're thinking number-- four  beauty, four brain, three brawn. How are we going to line up? In "Survivor,"  I have to trust somebody. Scot is the only ally I know and he's the most  logical, since he knows about the idol.  Okay, Nick I have a full confession.  Not now.  I just wanted to cuddle with you just once. I’m happily married, but you are  a very good-looking guy. ( purring )  Tai. ( purring ).  Back off!  I'm taking him  no!  I'll save you.  During the merge feast, people were getting a little tipsy, but I’m listening  left and right, seeing who's getting along, seeing what information is out  there. And it's obvious the brawn are going to be arrogant, like they're in  charge and nobody can stop them.  Cydney and the woke up in the middle of the night, Scot's knocked out, and  there's a rat on his shoulder. And we're like, we're not even going to tell  him.  The brains are not going to want to work with that type of person because  theatre exact opposite. They want to be in the shadows.  I'm good. I can't eat anymore.  Eat a damn cookie!  Right now, my true alliance is with Michele. We're in a great spot within  these two tribes, but i've learned slow it down. Read the people. Let them  keep bringing you information, and then you just slice them up.  Peter went insane. You guys are all I have right now.  No, you're in. I've got your bark man.  Are you and Neal still good?  Absolutely. Tighter than ever. Salt and pepper. Ebony and ivory.  Okay. Toilt toilet paper and toilets, yeah. Aubry is a little upset about the  way things panned out and feels guilty. She has no need to do what. I know  the four brains-- myself, Aubry, Neal and Joe-- we're still strong.  Seems like the brawn are super tight. That's three, right? Definitely. How  are you guys doing?  I think everybody would be willing to stick together.  Yeah?  The brawn are going to be an ongoing physical threat. But they're just kind  of bullies. So it makes sense to go with a beauty and brain alliance.  Do you think your beauties are going to stick together and have your backs.  The beauties.  Yeah.  I don't think so. I’m getting the vibe that Tai is super tight with Scot now,  and I’m getting the vibe that Julia was saved last night by Scot.  What about Michele? Michele, I think she'll stick with me. I hope so. Neal  and Aubry pitched the fact that, hey, we just need two more of your beauty. Nick,  can you get in Michele? Yeah, I can probably get in Michele. So they wanted  to be the brains versus the brawn, just like I thought. So how many votes do  we need, then?  Six to win.  Six to win this vote, okay. And we just fut on one of the three bronze. Does  it matter who?  Preferably one that has an idol.  It makes sense to go with the brains, but if you corner yourself, if you put  yourself in a position where your back is against the wall, that's not good  "Survivor."  do some stars.  I'm going to start writing names.  Do you want to do red?  Isn't that cute?  That's beautiful.  Beautiful.  Yeah, like, who would have thought we would have been here.  I'm so happy.  You guys have gotten along over here, though?  Well, Tai and I are... We're good. Julia, I think we have loyalty because we  saved her last night.  Oh, yeah, she's indebted to you guys.  So we're in a good spot.  It's merge time. And the brawn, we got to get back on track. So we were open  with Nick, because we want him to feel comfortable. Right now, we need him  for the numbers. And I believe that Neal has an idol. So Neal is the main  focus.  What do you guys think?  I think Neal has an idol.  So how do we get him out first?  You split it.  Split the vote, okay.  You gotta wonder if Scot and jaison had too much rum at the merge feast. Scot  welcomed me right away, and jaison says, "Neal has an idol." thank  you for bringing me into your alliance. You're such sweethearts, both of us.  This is the three of us, not even Cydney. Tai found an idol. He showed it to  me.  Holy crap. This is unreal. Tai has a hidden immunity idol, which is amazing  because when you take two separate idols, mine and even his, and you link  them together, now we have a super idol that we can play after the votes have  been read, which means we are literally unstoppable. Now, only you and Tai know  about Tai's idol.  Now you two. Let's keep it that way. The only reason I told you is because I know  we're tight.  I don't like Scot's and jaison's over-confidence. They're just like screw  everybody else. This is our game. But as much as it annoys me, that's a great  thing for me. It really is. They're never going to expect a blindside on  them. They're never going to see it coming.  Do you want to see something disgusting? It looks like I’m tooig.  My firemen.  Good morning!  Tai, I really like you. I want to get in an alliance.  Okay.  We'd have the numbers.  We'd have the numbers?  Yep.  Okay.  I seem to be one of the few people here that plays offense, and I know I need  six to have the numbers over brawn. It's a battle for power, and I’m playing  to win. All right. It's a done deal.  I mean, it's coming as such a shock. Uh--  what's your strategy here on out, now that we're single.  Well, first of all, I have to go into an alliance with somebody.  You just did.  I woke up this morning, I didn't even sit down, Debbie like two seconding  behind me, she say, "hey, I really like you. You're going to be in our  alliance." it was pretty aggressive.  He's in. We got him.  I'm not buying her story. I’m not a fool. I see right through Debbie.  So, Nick, are you with us?  Neal and you?  And probably Michele, too.  So, Debbie thinks that she has Michele?  Don't worry about going home because you're not.  She's not being very finessey about this.  And zip it.  Deb needs to cool her jets. She is trying too hard. Double and triple teaming  people isn't the way to go when you're trying to get the numbers. You have to  show confidence, and right now we're showing desperation.  If the brawn and beauty band together--  there's so many of us.  We're seven to four.  We'll make one family and figure it out from there. Boud butty always goes  with the jock, always. It's just the way of the world. The boud butties don't  date the brainiacs. They're at the dance with us and we're shoving geeks in  lockers now. Sorry, brain.  Neal has an idol.  So we're going to get rid of Aubry.  They won't see it coming.  We want to go after Neal, but we believe he's holding the idol. So we take  out someone they never see coming, Aubry.  They're going to think it's Neal, then Joe.  Then deb. They'll think it's one of those three.  Yeah.  I think jaison probably thinks that he's on top. He's the one who is  constantly going, "hey, this is what's going on. This is what this  person said. This is the way that we're going." so it looks like brawn  and beauty are kind of together. But brawn is way too controlling. Oh, man.  And I never counted out working with brain.  So I feel like i've never talked to you before.  I know, right?  But--  not one on one.  Yeah. I’m on board with the brains sticking together, but someone is going to  have to get their head out of their butt and start talking to people like a  normal human being.  Debbie is going off her rocker.  You can't double and triple team people.  She goes off the handle.  I think it's pretty obvious that people are irritated by Debbie, and if we  don't get the beauties on our side, the brains are screwed. I mean, I want to  work with you.  No, I know.  You seem like you're--  but the thing sDebbie, I’m telling you, Debbie's awful. I’m still open to  working with the brain tribe, but Debbie is aggravating me at this point. She  almost takes strategy in her own hands for the brains tribe, and I don't want  anybody having more power than I do in this game.  Everyone is totally fed up with Debbie, and I feel like we're screwed because  of it.  Do you think Nick is running away?  I talked to Nick, and I think he's-- yeah. I do. I think for him, like, just  going by the seat of his pants is possibly more appealing than deeg dooelg  with deb right now. It's really bad.  We know we have to get at least two of the beauties on board, but people are  so turned off by Debbie. It's bad. We're in a bad situation.  Do you have the idol?  I have one from the first camp. I haven't told anyone. So how can we tiewz to  our advantage?  Someone has to tell us who's getting voted out tomorrow. And we just use it.  I’m getting a good roller coaster out of "Survivor," man. I was  thinking we're screwed. But now, it turns out Neal has the hidden immunity  idol. This is what we needed to start doing things. The game is on. Let's go.   Jeff: Come on in, guys! All right, so I was talking to medical, and they said  you guys were pretty banged up. Tai, be how is this group doing physically?  We have a lot of cuts, early on, the first couple of weeks, I know that Neal  has a couple of infectiones.  Jeff: A couple of infections?  I kind of had this little volcano pop up in my knee. I dubbed it "mount  saint Neal." it feels fine, though.  Jeff: Scot, is there an awareness that infections out here really can be  deadly, that it's for-- for all the jokes of naming it, that it is serious?  Yeah, i've got one, too.  I've got one, too.  Jeff: Where's your's Aubry?  Inside my leg. Another mounTain.  Jeff: Anybody else?  I have two big ones. I started getting a scab. It was so raw and burned but  this is the best I feel.  Jeff: Jaison, it's almost like it reaches critical mass, if if you don't have  one, you're not worthy.  It's true. The elements haven't been easious, but we've all kind of soldiered  on and dealt with it, embraced the suck and kept going.  Jeff: All right, you guys ready to keep going.  Yes!  Yes, we are.  Jeff: It is time to get to your first individual immunity challenge. First  things, first, Debbie, i'll take back tribal immunity. Done with this. Game  now shifts to the individual portion. Where this is what you covet.  Ooh.  Wow.  Jeff: Individual immunity. In order to guarantee your security, you need  this. Let's get to it. For today's challenge, you're going to stand on a log  while balancing a ball on a wooden disk. At regular intervals, we will add  more balls, making it more difficult. If at any point you fall off of your  perch or a ball drops, you're out. The last person left standing wins  immunity, safe from the vote. Losers go to tribal council where somebody will  be voted out after 19 very tough days. Draw for spots, we'll get started. All  right, everybody, step up on to your perch. Get a good footing. Figure out  where you want your feet to go, where you feel most secure. All right,  everybody grab your first ball. Place it on your disk. All right, here we go.  Three, two, one, take your hands away. This challenge is on. Our first  individual immunity challenge. If at any point your hands touch your ball,  you're out. If your ball hits the ground, you're out. If you step off the  perch, you're out. Joe, first to step off. Joe is out. Take a spot on the  bench. We're down to 10. Debbie drops out. Take a spot on the bench. We're  down to nine. Scot doing a nice job of recovering from an early waver. Big  feet. Hard to balance on that little log. Sometimes being tall is an  advantage, sometimes not. Everybody looking really good right now. A little  bit of movement's okay. Just stay in control of it. This first interval will  be five minutes. You're at two minutes. 30 seconds left in this round. Keep doing  what you're doing. Don't get excited. Jaison cannot hang in. 10 seconds left.  Jaison, the third person out of this challenge. Take a spot on the bench.  Five, four, three, two, one. You're good. Get ready for round two. It's time  to add a second ball. Everybody put two balls on your disk. And here we go in  three, two, one. Pull your hands away. We are live. And now it's a lot more  difficult. Right away a lot of movement. Michele is out quickly. Neal is out.  Take a spot on the bench. Just like that, Scot drops out, and we're down to  five. In a matter of 20 seconds in this round, three people are out. Cydney's  out. We're down to four. Aubry is out. It is down to three original beauty  members. A lot changes at the merge. Often the game is really up in the air.  You want to be safe tonight. A little bit of movement. Tai's balls banging  into each other, never good. Nick with a lot of movement. His balls dancing  all over the place. But he's got them back steady again. Julia looks  absolutely steady, like a statue. Everybody looking really steady right now.  Two minutes into this round. We'll go five minutes again before we add  another ball. 10 seconds left in this round. Five, four, three, two, one.  This round is over. You're all safe.  Nice job! ( applause ) nice job, guys.  Jeff: All right, here we go. Time now to add a third ball, and we will now go  until the end. Get yourself steady. Five, four, three, two, one. Remove your  hands. This challenge is back on. Everybody with three balls, right away a  lot of movement for Nick but a nice recover. Right back in it. Julia with a  little bit of movement. Julia, the most stead nethis challenge drops, leaving  us with a showdown between Nick and Tai. For immunity. Started with 11. Nine  have dropped. Nick with a lot of movement. A lot of movement from Tai. Can he  recover? No, Tai drops. Nick wins first individual immunity, safe at  tonight's tribal council.  Good job.  I wish I could see you over there. I wanted to look.  Good job.  Nice job.  Jeff: Nick, come on over. First individual win, safe at tonight's tribal  council. As for the rest of you, after 19 clearly difficult days, somebody  going home tonight. It won't be you. Congratulations. Grab your stuff. Head  back to camp. See you tonight at tribal council.  Tonight it will be the four brains going up against the bullies, against the  brawn. Fortunately, I have the idol, and if I think I need to play it, i'll  play it. I could save myself or may pass it on to Aubry, and hopefully we'll  take control of this game.  Good job, Nick!  Good job, Nick!  Tonight is the first tribal council after the merge. And pretty much  everything is at stake of where the dominoes will fall. Or so I believe. It's  brawn versus brains, and I’m in the middle, along with beauty, for the most  part. We're like the pretty girl at the dance-- you're either going home with  the quarterback or you're going home with the valedictorian. It's a fun  position to be in. It's fun being the pretty girl. I never felt like a pretty  girl before, but now I do. It feels great.  So what do you guys think?  Yeah, everybody's voting for Aubry.  It's an obvious seven versus four.  Oh, yeah!  The brains are screwed. We're going to just pick them off one by one until  they're gone. The best-case scenario is Neal plays an idol because he's  paranoid, but octoberry goes home anyway.  We're just going left field and getting Aubry out because they'll never  suspect it.  I feel confident in our alliance of beauty and brawn right now, because  everybody seems to feel very comfortable going, "hey, why not? We'll  just take the brains out." and once we get to seven, then we'll figure  it out, even though Jason and I already have it figured out. And we go up  four spots in about a week.  And then we just chop them down one by one, right?  Right.  Right now I’m leaning towards brawn and voting out one of the brains right  away. But Scot and Jason are always going to be over-confident, and when  everybody feels safe is when you do your damage.  Because the thing is, it's like those three they're going to be such a  dominant forth physically.  Oh, yeah, the three brawn.  So they're just going to use these girls for their votes and then they're  going to dispose of them and be a top three.  Yeah, they're's firm three.  With our group, there's a much better chance of winning some challenges.  If we have the six, we're good then.  So I get Michele.  Nick, I believe,ments to go with us. So now we have to convince Michele to  come on board. We need to have six, but in a moment of desperation, all I have  to do is reach the family jewels ra&amp; grab out idol. I think Michele is  our best bet.  I'll talk to Michele.  Any clues too what's going on?  Nobody has really approached me about aistition.  Then let's make something between the three of us and do something about it.  We've got to play this game.  I think that it's-- I don't know. What do are you guys thinking?  Jason or Scot.  Yeah.  We've got to do this tonight. We've got to take Scot or Jason out.  I agree. To gain power in this game, the brains need Nick. The brains need Michele.  I want a brawn gone. And we have to start making stuff happen. The brains  don't get Nick and Michele, Neal and I are playing the idol. They are so  tight, that there would be no other way to break them up.  And they're just going town are the game.  There are a lot of other options for beauty and brain to, like, meld and mess  it up, because we're not as concrete as them.  Yeah, I agree with that. You know, i'd love to work with Aubry and Debbie,  but I’m not sure strategically it's my best option. I think I have to kind of  assess the relationships more. I could go whichever way I wanted right now,  so I’m figuring out what is best for me.  So this is a good time to talk about the future.  Yeah.  Okay, so what do you want to do?  Jason has pissed enough people off where I don't think they would vote for  him.  No, not at all.  Scot, I don't think people would vote for him either because he has the  money.  Right.  So this is my thinking. We're going with brawn.  Agreed. Ing.  Yeah, so we're good. Right now, though?  Aubry.  It makes sense to go with brawn right now because I do believe I can  manipulate them just like that. And beat them in puzzles just like that.  They're just idiots. I like Aubry. I would hang out with Aubry more than any  other girls here. But, unfortunately, at tribal council tonight, Aubry's  going home.  So we're just going to tell the brains, okay, yeah, we thought about it. And  then we're going to surprise them at tribal council and be like we're voting  one of you brains out. We're in the swing position. It's all we can do. I know  how big of a decision this is. I think I’m making the right decision. I'll  see when the game ends if it is or it isn't.  Sounds good.  Good.  Uh-oh. Anyone else see this?  No, what's this? Jeff's here?  Getting ready for tribal tonight and all of a sudden jeff is coming. The  doctor is coming to us. Immediately, red flags went up. Jeff doesn't do this.  The doctors don't do this. At least one of us is in serious enough condition  that they would come to us. This season of "Survivor," it's tough.  We didn't know you made house calls.  Jeff: You know, so many of you looked sick. You upon, airfare saw everybody  today at the challenge, I was a little concerned. So I wanted to come out  with dr. Rupert and just kind of assess what's going on. We just want to walk  through a few of you that showed us the infections and see where we're at.  Because everybody here knows it's a real deal. Hopefully, we can conTain it.  Who do you want to start with?  Start with Tai and his thyself.  Yeah, I think I climbed the maipgo tree, that little mango.  Jeff: You just got scraped.  I couldn't make it and slid out and scraped.  Jeff: Man!  It was painful. That's why I’m wearing my underwear every single challenge.  Jeff: Let me have rupert take a look tat.  I've got to say they're healing up really nicely.  Jeff: So that's good.  This is good, right.  Jeff: So you're not worried because you see scabs forming.  Absolutely. And I can't see any redness or swelling so I think these are  really good. I think these are healing.  Jeff: Tai, you're good.  I'm feeling good.  Jeff: Scot, you have one.  I've got a couple.  Jeff: Oh, man!  Is it painful?  A little bit.  It is quite newscastly infected. Out here, small cuts turn nasty very  quickly.  Jeff: Do you need to address this at all?  We'll just keep an eye on it.  Jeff: Okay. You want to look at Aubry? You had a pretty good one.  Yeah.  Let's have a look. Oh, lovely.  Jeff: Wow! Man!  I can feel underneath it. It's firm up to here.  Jeff: You're saying underneath there it looks like it's that big.  Yeah.  It's brutal. It's absolutely brutal out here. And a little thing blows up  into a huge deal. If I lose Aubry to an injury, that changes the whole  ballgame here.  Jeff: So, walk me through this. This looks like it's getting worse.  Yeah, i've got two options out here. I could start her on some antibiotics or  I could lance, incise it, drain it, if I lance, there's room for the pus to  come out, but there's also room for the infection to go in.  Jeff: So what's your assessment?  My gut feeling for this is to start her on antibiotices.  Jeff: Okay, so we're going to take the conservative approach, and if it gets  worse you can always go to step two.  Exactly.  Jeff: Another all right, Aubry. So we'll get Aubry on antibiotics. All right,  Neal.  Okay.  Mount saint Neal actually blew its lid this afternoon and a big chunk of pus  came out and revealed this giant cavity that's now kind of open.  Okay. That's not very pleasant.  And then there's something even gross or my back. It doesn't hurt though.  Let's have a look.  Jeff: When did you discover the one on your back?  A couple of days ago.  Jeff: You know, why don't we find a spot that's clean.  Yeah, yeah.  Jeff: So we can sit him down in a clean environment.  The infection on my back just looks really gross, but I think it will be  fine. If medical tries to pull me from this game, they are going to have to  literally drag me out of here.  Jeff: All right are, so let's just walk through these. He's got two infections  in two different places. Take us through what the concerns are.  Absolutely.  I feel good, though. I mean, actually, last night.  Got eight hours of sleep.  Jeff: Yeah?  And we had a feast recently. I’m going to win some reward tomorrow.  I mean, I’m looking to see, you know, what it could potentially become. And  that one is in the skin, but there's nothing under there I think will  immediately be damaged.  Jeff: So assessment on this is what?  It's a big, nasty spot, but I don't think it's life threatening.  I think he's out.  You think?  No.  That's way I’m leaning.  I hope you're wrong.  Jeff: Another so you're not worried about this right now.  I'm less worried about that one.  Jeff: Okay, let's spin back around. And walk me through the knee and let's  see where we're at. And being close to a joint like the knee, is that more  serious?  Correct. If the injection goes into the joint, an infection in a joint can  destroy it in a matter of hours.  Jeff: Hours?  Yes. It's very dangerous.  I truly believe this will be fine in a few days.  Jeff: I believe you believe that.  But the problem is, if that gets worse and it goes into your joint, this is  for life. You know, these can affect you years down the line. I want you to  be able to run around and do this when you're Joe's age. I don't want to  leave this. I think this has the potential to get worse.  I love this game, jeff.  Jeff: Neal, I can see you already getting emotional. Sensing what he's  saying. So, dr. Rupert, let's be really clear. Are you pulling Neal from the  game?  I think I have to.  Jeff: You fought hard. You've done nothing wrong. You just put so much effort  into it. So what's the feeling? Because you're a fan. This was a big deal to  be out here.  A huge amount of work to come out here. Watching the show in the summer of  2000, I was working in a cubicle. I was thoroughly uninteresting. I didn't  love my life. So i've had quite the journey, just like you have over the last  15 years, and all of a sudden, I can not only come out to "Survivor,"  but I could really compete. But it's been a great 19 days.  Jeff: We're going to take you from here, get you into a proper hospital.  We'll get this fixed. You come back, you're a jury member. You won't have a  chance to win, but you will have a vote to decide who does win. So I’m guessing  you're going to want to say good-bye to everybody.  Yes.  Jeff: All right.  You guys should consider yourselves lucky, because they're pulling me from  the game. So it has been an honor and a privilege to play with each and every  one of you.  I know you don't want to go. I’m so sorry. I know it took everything within Neal  not to get upset because he wants to play so badly. And he just told us how  lucky we were to be here. And he's right. But, like, really signal my number  one ally. Gone.  Be well.  So Neal's going, and it's on the tip of my tongue what about the idol? And I’m  just hoping he would give meet idol.  Jeff: So, Neal's bad news is good news for you guys. No tribal council  tonight. Nobody from this group going home. One in 10 shot at the game. 19  days in. Once again, the game has changed.  I feel bad.  Aubry was going home, and thanks to some lucky medical evacuation, she lives  for maybe another day or two.  Jeff: Try to stay healthy. Keep your wounds clean. And i'll see you again.  All right, good luck?  I didn't think i'd be crying this much on "Survivor." but there  have been ups and downs and right when I thought that we were going to get  some traction under us, my biggest ally is out of the game. I got a nice  little bulge on my leg that everyone got to see. And I’m thinking to myself,  with Neal gone, there is no way the beauties join the brain and the idol went  home with Neal. That son of a bitch. Really, Neal left me hanging. But "Survivor"  is a path. You pave your way by yourself. It's like going on the oregon  trail. You have to ford every river. You have to caulk every wag pon you have  to go up the hills and down the hills, and sometimes you get dysentery and  die. You have to pave your own way.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," the brains are on the outs and  hoping for a miracle.  The jocks and the pret people aren't going to sit pretty forever. &gt;&gt;ist  want us to be careful. Paranoia is going to kick in at a cerTain point.  Jeff: It all starts to crumble.  Irritated Cydney will blow the whole game up.  I'm one of those people that truly believes the journey is the reward, and  this has been an amazing experience that I will hold near and dear and look  back with many smiles and many laughs, maybe a tear or two, for the rest of  my life. But that's the game. You don't have to just outwit and outplay. You  have to outlast.