<br/>jeff: Previously on "Survivor," after the merge...  Congratulation, everyone.  Jeff: ...brain and brawn were trying to court brewty over to their side.  It's great to have options.  Jeff: Debbie waste nod time.  I want to get in an alliance.  Jeff: Aggressively trying to secure the numbers.  It's a done deal. I seem to be one of the few people that plays offense.  Jeff: But things backfired.  Debbie takes strategy in her hands for the whole tribe.  Jeff: Alienating the brains.  We're screwed because of it.  Jeff: Leaving the beauties with an easy decision.  We're going with brawn.  Agreed.  Jeff: To unite with brawn.  We're just shoving geeks in lockers right now.  Jeff: For the brains, things went from bad to worse.  Uh-oh.  Jeff: When Neal fell victim to the elements. You are pulling Neal from the  game?  I think I have to.  My number-one ally, gone. The idol went home with Neal. That son of a bitch.  Jeff: Once again the game has changed. Ten are left. Who will be voted out  tonight.  Previously on "Survivor," it's okay to be happy and sad in the same  moment. It is what it is, but we're all here.  We're here. A new day.  It makes me want to keep all my cuts like super clean.  Today I don't feel very powerful at all that we lost Neal. With Neal being  gone, it totally screws up our numbers. The brain tribe is three, Debbie,  myself and Aubry.  I don't even know what to say.  "Survivor" is like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're  going to get.  So we're low totem, and it's in state of flux right now. I want to see if  there are other options.  I got to put my thinking cap on.  It ain't over until it's over.  That's right.  Now we'll just dictate like we were.  Doesn't matter now.  We're pretty united together, brewty an brawn, and pretty set in stone that  the brains all got to go. As far as I know, Neal went home with an idol, but if  he left it in the game somehow, the plan moving forward is to split the vote  each time, make sure if it is an idol, it's played, but we're always safe,  because we're 7-3.  Beauty keeps voting for brains until she's gone. Brawn will vote for Aubry.  Nice and simple. We do our thing.  Aubry is coming back.  I can kind of just sense what's going on. This is totally like high school.  You look at our camp, and it's divided by the tough guys and around them are  the girls who are kind of pretty and get along really well with those people  and then kind of the people who are maybe a little shyer, a little bit nerdy  on the outside.  They're all glad to see him go.  Yeah. But the jocks and the pretty people, they're not going to sit pretty  forever. They age and get overripe, and then they're done. Eventually the  misfits get revenge. If I find a crack or start a little bit of trouble, I might  be able to find my way in.  You ever let your daughter do your hair?  All the time. She does my make-up. She's awesome. And chloe is chloe. Some of  you know it, some of you don't, might as well say it. Chloe has autism,  fairly bad to a cerTain point. She's in kindergarten. We're dealing with it.  We go to therapy three times a week in the morning. We go to therapy after  school. O.t., speech therapy, physical therapy. I came in this game saying I wasn't  going to use my daughters to get ahead, but if someone asks me about my kids,  I just tell the truth, because I was naive to autism until we put the pieces  together and my daughter got diagnosed with it. So pretty much every red cent  I make goes to hospitals, doctors, and we live very poor because of it, but  happy because we see her make a huge improvement in life. If anything it  makes people aware that there's families out there that have kids with  autism, and it's very expensive. And it's way more widely popular than people  believe. It was never meant to help me out, but I think it made a lot of them  reaLize I’m not just this deviant, dominant muscle, but that I’m human too.  She's perfect, though. It's how she's supposed to be. I have no complaints  with it. I just wish I could help her more.  Jason chose a nice opportunity to open up about his life. People tend to see  a more brawny, angrier, just loud type of Jason. I've seen all aspects of  him. It was good to see it, but you can see how he would be more of a  challenge to beat now toward the end. I'd give him some money, too.  It's really beautiful.  At this point it's my own game, I got to figure out who I can trust and who  will get me further. You have to think about the big picture now. Who will  you beat? That's the question.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to today's reward  challenge?  Yeah.  Yeah.  Jeff: For today's challenge, you divide into two teams of five. On my go you  race out and use stepping poles to transfer one tribe member from one large  platform to another. Then you'll all swim out to a very small tower. The  first team to get all five tribe members to the top of that tower with your  feet on our above the top deck wins reward. Want to know what you're playing  for?  Yeah.  Oh, yeah.  Jeff: Ice cream. I want to whet your appetite, inspire the motivation.  Amazing. I'll leave it to you to share. One bowl. The ice cream will be  delivered to you at camp. An you will feast until your belly is full.  Wow.  Oh, no.  Jeff: We'll do a schoolyard pick. We'll draw for capTains and get started.  All right. We have two very different teams. Julia was a capTain. She went  for the two largest and the two smallest, Nick, Debbie, Scot and Tai. Aubry  was a capTain and went more consistent across the board with Cydney, Michele,  Joe and Jason. Time to find out who made the better choice. Here we go. For  reward, "Survivor" -- Survivors ready? Go! You're going to transfer  one person using these poles. There's only one person has to go up top on  this platform. It's going to be Julia and Aubry. The two capTains will also  be the ones being transported. This is where teamwork really comes into play.   Closer.  Go.  Good job.  Jeff: Aubry now moving to that second post. Julia trying to get to the  second.  Go.  Just go, just go, just go.  Jeff: Aubry takes a dunk. She's going to give it another go. There is  definitely a learning curve.  A little bit closer. Sorry.  Jeff: Aubry now giving it another go. Aubry moving around. Aubry goes back  in. Julia now moving further along this course. Once you figure it out, you  can move quickly, so don't give up. Aubry now giving it another go. It's a  lot more steady this time.  Good job, good job.  Jeff: Aubry goes back in again. This is where you're seeing the advantage for  Julia's team. Scot and Nick having a lot of strength. That same strength and  size will be an obstacle come the end of this challenge. For blue Aubry  giving it another go. Aubry goes in again. They're going to switch out now. Michele  going to give it a go. Julia's really got it figured out, great balance and  great teamwork by Nick and Tai and Scot and Debbie.  Gotcha.  Jeff: Julia half-way there. Michele going to give it a go. All you need is a  little rhythm.  Good job.  Jeff: Michele undeterred trying to get some rhythm going. Joe and Cydney  trying to hold her in place. Jason and Aubry moving around.  Move it closer.  Jeff: Michele with another step. Can't hang in there. Got to go back and  start again.  Hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it.  Jeff: Julia getting closer to the platform. You drop now and you have to go  all the way back to the beginning. Julia now in trouble for the first time. Julia  struggling to stay on but she does. Nice recovery. Michele drops again. Cydney  now going to give it a go. You're only as stable as those poles are stable in  the water. Julia just about drops again. Cydney goes in. Julia not close  enough to jump. She needs one more.  You guys got it?  Yes, yes, got it.  Jeff: That will do it. Julia's across. Everybody get up on the platform.  Oh, my legs are shaking.  Jeff: Go, go! It is Julia, Debbie, Nick, Tai and Scot. They're through first  part of this challenge. Cydney goes face first in again. Now they just got to  get all five to the top of a very small tower. Scot's feet are bigger than  the base of the tower. That gives you an idea how difficult this is going to  be for them. Michele back in now. And back in the water. Tai the last one.  You just got to get up there and on your feet. It is a blowout in the making.  Absolute disaster for blue. Jeff:three, two, one, that's it! Award for Scot, Nick,  Debbie, Julia and Tai.  I'm sorry, guys.  Jeff: Julia, you clearly made the right choices. Ice cream will be delivered  to camp for you to enjoy. Grab your stuff. Swim on back and await your  reward.  When people say in "Survivor" that one bad decision has a  centerball effect, damn, I feel the avalanche right now. I can't get my head  above water. First Neal is out of the game. Then I picked the team, and  apparently it was a big mess up. It suck, I wanted so much more than. This I’m  not giving up, but I feel like I keep making bad decision after bad decision.   Whew, ice cream! We walk into camp after the reward challenge, and the  winning group of five got to go to the ice cream parlor.  Can I get a scoop of chocolate and a scoop of coffee?  Cherries.  Whipped cream.  The other five had to go sit in purgatory and listen to us eat ice cream from  15, 20 feet away.  Sprinkles.  I'll do a root beer float.  I'll make a chocolate waffle cone.  The ice cream was an awesome treat. It was fantastic to have a moment of  being full, or knowing you're well stocked for tomorrow with glucose, and I didn't  feel sorry for the losers one bit.  It's a little awkward that we have to sit here, but we formed a nice little  community here.  You can be rowdy. It's okay. You won ice cream. You don't have to be so  quiet.  I think that Jason does think that he's in charge of a lot of things over at  this camp, and, you know, Jason is just an assertive person. He yells over,  "guys, you can be a little more loud about it if you want," and  honestly, I respected the way they handled it.  I need to once a week.  My mom lives in utah. She's in an assisted living. She's got health issues.  She's only 75. She's got a rare disease. It's basically the inverse of als.  Is your father alive?  No, my dad died when I was 16?  Are you religious or mormon or...  I haven't been to church since I was a kid, well, 17, 18 years old, but my  whole world revolves around my family, and that's everything to do with the  mormon religion.  I think that's wonderful.  That was one of the advantage, that's why I take care of my whole family. We  were all poor, and my brothers chose religion and family, and I chose the  nba. They struggle financially, so i...  So you would like to help them even more?  That's why I’m here. That's what I do.  That's very noble. The reward was lick a random group of people, so we  couldn't talk strategy, but it was the perfect opportunity to build a bond,  and I think that Scot and I could definitely work well together. I like  having him on my team. He's awesome.  It's all right.  We're going. We're going.  Don't do anything.  I would be a terrible team member. , a terrible rowing team member.  Joe, Joe, I don't think they can hear us.  He wears a hearing aid.  Does he?  He left it at home.  I'll try to do it with Aubry and Debbie. They need a fourth.  Scot and Jason are worried about an all-girls alliance. Me not so much. I don't  think it exists. But whatever.  We have to keep that number up, so it's got to be a girl.  It's got to be one of them.  How was it? After the girls get back, I want to be updated with Julia, is she  on the same page with Julia strategy-wise.  Did anything happen on the boat today?  No, nothing.  Okay.  Jason and Scot, they're afraid of an all-girls alliance.  There's no all-girls alliance.  I know.  One thing about Nick, he is the most indy street person on this island. He  literally walks maybe 50 steps where I can turn and see you standing and  talking, how stupid can you be. My face is starting to twitch and I was like,  oh, my goodness, I’m going to snap. Nick came back, and he was like, oh, she  didn't say anything. And I’m like, brrr.  When we got back, Nick went out to talk to Julia. You better send somebody to  check up on us. And when we came back, Nick said, they didn't say nothing.  That's kind of suspect to me. Why didn't you ask me? I’m not plotting against  you all.  We didn't send anyone to check on anyone.  It's not you guys.  I just want to let you know how it looks to me.  Scot, myself and Nick brought up the idea, hope they're not talking an  all-girl alliance. Later Nick took it upon himself to go ask one of the girl,  but that pissed Cydney off. Paranoia will kick in at a cerTain point with  everybody, and I think she hit it sooner than we anticipated.  What was that all about?  Legitimately, I don't know what you all said.  I told you what we said over there.  About what?  We were sitting there. Nick said, you think they're talking about a girl  alliance. Scot and I said, I don't know. We'll find out when Cydney comes  back. We didn't tell him to go nowhere or do nothing, and then you blew up.  No, I asked a question. I just want to be clear because I’m like, hold on,  because I had to put him in check real quick, don't check me, you're not my  damn dad. It's like the boys can talk to whomever, but when I talk to  somebody, uh-oh, is there a girl's alliance, oh, no, no, no, you haven't seen  irritated Cydney. Irritated Cydney will blow the whole game up. I’m calling  out your idols. I don't give a damn.  You know I got your back.  You better reaLize I’m not the little girl on this island. Don't check me,  into. The current plan is to split the vote for Aubry and miss Debbie until  all the brains are gone, but the guys have to go, the guys have to go.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to today's immunity  challenge?  Yeah.  Jeff: First things first, Nick, you didn't need it, but nice to know you can  win it.  Yeah, wonderful.  Once again, immunity back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're going  to balance in a very narrow perch while holding a handle behind your head. If  at any point you let go of the handle or a foot comes off the perch, you're  out. Last person left standing wins immunity. Losers tribal council where  somebody will be voted out after 22 tough days in this game. All right. Take  your spots. We'll get started. All right. Here we go. Hands behind your head.  Hands on the back side of that handle. Both feet have to stay on the perch.  All right. Everybody is in position. This challenge is on. Everybody locks  good. Ten people left in the game. One of you will win immunity, guaranteed a  spot in the final nine. It's going to hurt and it's going to hurt fast. You  will feel it quickly. Tai, you're struggling. Early signs of pain. Nice, hot,  sunny day. Anybody want to own up they're already feeling it?  I'm just getting comfortable.  Jeff: Debbie, is this what you imagined when you signed up for "Survivor"?   It's a little bit worse.  Jeff: All right. So you've been up there long enough to have an idea where  this is heading. Very uncomfortable pose, very hot sun. And it is only going  to get worse, but some of you feel very comfortable about tonight. You're not  going home. You may not want to admit it around camp, so I’m going to tempt  you to admit it right now. I’m going to bring out some food.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: The twist is this will be your one and only opportunity at temptation.  So the question you need to be thinking about as I go get the food is, am I willing  to step down and give up a shot at immunity for food or could that possibly  be a million dollar mistake? Don't step down until I give you that window.  I know.  Jeff: Julia, I am so sorry I missed that and I’m so sorry it happened for you  seconds too soon. You will not participate in this it's going to be a buffet,  four pizza, brownies, drum sticks and six hot dogs, and you need something to  rinse that down with, some cold drinks.  I'm taking it.  Jeff: You're going to have ten seconds. I’m going to count you down. After  this, no more temptation.  Jeff, hurry, please.  Jeff: Here we go, ten, nine...  I'll take it.  I'll take it.  I'll take it.  Jeff: Seven, six, five. Five seconds left. Four, three, two, one.  I'm staying.  Jeff: That's it. Jason is out. Scot is out. Joe is out. Michele is out. That  is a lot of food for four people. [burping] we're left with Nick, Tai, deb Debbie,  Cydney and Aubry fighting for immunity. Tai, did you consider stepping down?  No, I want to see how far I can push my body. Also I don't want any of the  brain to get it.  Jeff: Wow, Nick, that was a very bold statement.  Yeah, it's obvious at this point.  Jeff: What's obvious?  That the brains are outnumbered. That it's one of those three, Joe, Aubry and  Debbie. We're on the chopping block.  I can't do it.  Jeff: Debbie cannot take it anymore. Debbie is out of the challenge and we  are down to four. Debbie joins Julia, out of the challenge but not  participating in the food or drink. How is that going down, Jason?  Beautifully.  Jeff: Four people left with a shot at immunity. Aubry I can see it in your  face. It is painful. Out of nowhere Aubry drops and right behind Aubry Nick  drops, just like that we're down to two. Nick, how you feeling about tonight  given that going to your first tribal you decide to step down and give up  immunity.  I thought Cydney had this in the bag from the beginning, and, you know, you  have a decision whether to step down or to make sure all the brains are out.  And I have to wait it out. But I’m excited, as well, to finally get there  after 22 days.  Jeff: You just hope it's not bittersweet.  It won't be, buddy.  Jeff: Tai and Cydney battling it out for immunity.  Are you numb at all, Cydney?  Nope, I’m just peachy.  Jeff: How is that possible?  She's so still.  Wow.  Jeff: So Tai, the brains are all gone. It's just you and Cydney. Do you  believe you can beat Cydney, or is this truly just to see how long you can  go?  I want to see how far I’m going to push. But you can't be that strong.  Sometimes strong people are strong until one point and then they break. I’m like  a bamboo. Winds keep blowing, blowing, blowing, I’m resilient. I went through  war. I went through refugee camp. There's no comparison. She's a strong  woman, but she might snap.  No time soon, Tai, no time soon.  Jeff: Tai and Cydney, big difference in body type. Both appear to share the  same sort of mind-set.  Oh, no.  Jeff: Been up there 40 minutes now.  Tough people.  Unbelievable.  That's insane.  Jeff: Tai, for all of the pain you appear to be in, you're still in this.  Right now, I’m taking it one second at a time. I’m calling buddha.  Jeff: What's he saying?  No, I’m just chanting. [chanting] you're feeling it. I saw it on your face.  Jeff: Oh, out of the blue, the most unlikely of things to happen, Cydney  drops. Tai wins individual immunity. Unbelievable turn of events.  Wow.  Oh, my back.  Jeff: Wow. I have never seen something like that happen.  Good job. [applause]  jeff: Tai, can you come over?  Yes. I can run even.  Jeff: Good effort. You wanted it. I don't know if you really thought you were  going to pull it out or not, but you never gave up. Tai is safe. Individual  immunity. As for the rest of you, somebody going home after 22 day, but what  Tai just showed is keep fighting all the way until we vote. Congrats. You're  safe tonight. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. See you tonight at tribal.  Jeff: Tonight all the beauty vote for Debbie. All the brown vote for Aubry. I’m  safe tonight, but who knows? I won the individual immunity challenge. I earned  that. It was one hell of a challenge.  Tai, that was amazing.  That was awesome.  I've seen ultra marathoners running across the sahara. That was excellent. Way  to suffer, man. Cydney, honestly, you stood there like a strong girl and I’m going  to make you dinner.  So the plan for tonight is that we're splitting the votes between Debbie and Aubry,  and so if there's an adoll being played, we'll get that out of the way, but Debbie  should be going home. And Aubry is in a weak position. So somebody has to  take advantage of it. It should be me, at least that's what I think.  What's your guys plan with Debbie and Joe?  I'm waiting for people to tell us what the hell is going on because we're  clearly like public enemy numero uno.  That's obvious. We are splitting the vote. That's all the brawn and all the  beauty. And we're splitting it 4-3.  4-3.  Between you and the other two brains. So you need to make the right decision  in voting for Debbie or Joe, my suggestion would be to vote for Debbie, but I  didn't tell you anything. I know that's the position you're in, but I have to  take advantage of it. I think you understand that. And I know I’m acting  arrogant and all that stuff, but...  At least you admit it.  This is not typical of me to reveal my true self, but, hey, if no one is  going to take advantage of Aubry,ly. When you're at your weakest, I’m right  there for you. And she knows it. But she can't do anything about it. Not  right now.  Okay.  This immunity challenge, Nick's arrogance is getting the best of him. He's so  confident he's ridiculous. Nick is getting too big for his britches. He just  rubs me the wrong way.  So what are you all thinking? Our numbers are equal, five women and men.  We need to strike now.  You want the take Nick out?  Yes.  I knew that.  I kind of guessed that.  He needs to go now.  I like the idea of it being Nick.  Lo and behold, Cydney approaches me and Aubry and says, let's take out Nick.  I was still kind of hoping Nick would come around and we could take out Jason  or Scot, but Nick, the early bird catches the worm.  I'm in completely. I’m committed. Aubry, you?  I'm in. I don't even have to say.  It's a done deal, girl.  My best interest is to make ure all the girls stays as close as possible. It  makes more sense for me to be in a game with all women. If it backfire, oh,  well, i'll be the first person to make a move in this game.  How do you feel? Do you feel confident?  Are you questioning me?  He likes to check in on me.  I noticed.  He's like we'll go with the plan. I’m like, Nick, nothing's changed.  You down to vote Nick tonight?  Nick?  Yes.  I already got them.  Good.  Cydney would like to get Nick out. She thinks he's a threat. And I agree. But  he's also in my alliance, and I do think that I could work with him a little  bit longer, so I don't know if that really works for me right now.  I think we should all stick together.  I agree.  The original plan was to go with Debbie being out, so there are a lot of  choices at this point. And it's trying to figure out really what's right for  me and Julia.  Want to make sure you're comfortable.  You definitely feel the electricity in the air before tribal. There is a  power struggle happening right now. It's really evident in camp. There's a  lot of big ego, a lot of personality.  We're going to have to do something at some point that's going to make the  two of us get the power. I want to be able to make a move that does solidify  my title as somebody who earned it. And it's all figuring out timing.  Jeff: Nick and Michele, go ahead and grab a torch. Dip it in and get fire.  This is part of the ritual of tribal council because in this game, fire  represents your life. When you fire is gone, so are you. We'll now bring in  the first member of our jury. Neal, who was pulled from the game by our  medical team. Seemed well enough to come be with us tonight for tribal  council. So, Michele, avoiding tribal for 22 days is the best thing you could  ever hope for, and yet there's still something about coming here that kind of  stirs the "Survivor" juices.  Yeah. You go 22 days without tribal and that's great, but you're not really  showing how you're playing the game or what kind of player you are until  you're on these seats at tribal.  Jeff: Debbie, what did you notice when this group finally came together at  the merge?  Initially unsure. Now it seems like brain, brawn, beauty have actually stayed  distinct but that brawn and beauty have actually now merged.  Jeff: Nick, that was a comment that came up today, which was a brain is going  home.  Hey, the brains are on the outs, and we'll be splitting the vote and we'll be  moving on from there.  Jeff: So Aubry, who is together?  Nick, Michele, Jason, Cydney, Scot, Tai and Julia. And i've been running  around today feeling highly anxious because there is nothing I can do to get  movement out of them.  Jeff: And yet, Julia, this would be a great time for somebody to make a move,  because in that seven, somebody's on the bottom.  Well, you know, people do feel really comfortable right now, and I think  there are always opportunities for people to switch things up later on.  Jeff: Jason, that's the fear, isn't it, that you have this great plan, as  long as everybody sticks with it.  You know, I have been saying it for three days -- we stay strong, we're  guaranteed to go to seven and we battle it out from there. And every single  person in the alliance has went, you're right.  Jeff: Scot, how do you make sure the seven stay together?  You don't have six days in between tribal.  Jeff: That really did change the flow?  Yeah. It was rough. A lot of thoughts were pondered, but the game started  back up again today. We're here tonight. And honestly, I really think our  seven is pretty strong.  Jeff: Tai, have there been conversations about idols and whether or not  they'll come into play?  Yeah, we didn't think there was an idol until the merge. We figure maybe Neal  had the idol, and we heard something about the superidol, as well. And when  two idols mastering together and become a superidol, you can actually use  that after the vote.  Jeff: Well, you say "we" and Julia has no idea. She just wrenched  her entire neck turning back toward you.  I thought everybody knew.  Jeff: Aubry, why the big reaction?  She's out of the loop on that. Maybe that's an indicator of where things  really lie?  Jeff, somebody is on the bottom, and that superidol and your lack of  knowledge, if that doesn't tell you right now that you clearly are on the  bottom, and you want to do something, there is still time to do it tonight.  Jeff: Tai, you're shaking your head at this. What's troubling you?  I mean, I was told about the superidol. Now I’m thinking maybe the person  said something to me to make me feel suspicious of what's going on. I’m just  thinking here, wow, am I being a fool?  Jeff: So Debbie, hearing everything that has been said tonight, any hope?  Oh, I always have hope. Absolutely. Oftentimes there is more not revealed  here than there is revealed here.  Jeff: Aubry, how about you? Do you expect votes tonight?  Oh, yeah, without a doubt.  Jeff: Scot, will bit a blindside tonight, or as predicted?  I can't imagine it will go any other way than as predicted.  Jeff: Okay. It is time to vote. Tai, you're up.  Sorry, girl. It's a split.  See you later, Debbie. It's been fun.  Overconfidence is a weakness.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want the play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. Aubry. Debbie. Nick. Aubry.  Two votes Aubry. Jason. Nick. Two votes Nick, two votes Aubry, one vote Debbie,  one vote Jason. Nick. That's three votes Nick. Nick. That's four votes Nick.  Two votes Aubry. One vote Debbie, one vote Jason. Seventh person voted out,  second member of our jury, Nick. That's five. That's enough. You need to  bring me your torch. Nick, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  See ya.  Jeff: Well, it is one of the hallmarks of this game, as long as you keep  fighting, anything can happen. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good  night. Stay tuned for scenes from our next "Survivor," after a  blindside, the men seek vengeance.  We took the ax, we took the machete. We're going to try to starve them.  It's psychological warfare.  Jeff: And it tears the women apart.  Julia is playing both sides, but sometimes the guy in the middle of the road  gets run over.  First and last tribal council, of course it turns out to be bittersweet, and  I deserve it. I was beyond confident. This was a blindingside for sure. I didn't  see what they were pulling. I have to give them props for that. I'll still be  overconfident and cocky and arrogant, but I should have punched before they  did and I just didn't. That's all.