<br/>jeff: Previously on "Survivor"... Brawn and beauty were in the  majority alliance and targeting the brains.  Pretty set in stone that the prince all go to go.  Jeff: But Cydney got tired of the men controlling the game.  Don't tell me. Irritated Cydney will blow the whole game up.  Jeff: So she rallied the women in order to take out one of the men.  We all down to vote that way? If it back fires, oh, well. I'll be first  person to make a move in this game.  Jeff: At tribal council...  We heard something about the superidol, as well.  Jeff: Tai made a big mistake.  I thought everybody knew.  Jeff: But for Cydney, everything fell enter place when the women sent Nick to  the jury.  Jeff: Nick, the tribe has spoken. Leaving Scot, Jason and Tai wondering what  to do on the bottom. Nine are left. Who will be voted out tonight?  Well played, you guys. Girl power, huh?  Well, the girls pulled a good one and blind sided us basically. Clearly the  status of the brawn alliance is done. It's now Jason and I and Tai. Yeah, yeah.   At tribal council, I said, jeff, there's a super idol. Oh, no, I opened my  mouth again. So I paNicked. And then I voted for Jason, I but I was so  fearful how I’m going to explain that Jason vote because I can't lie too  well, so I say, I vote for Debbie.  What we should have done is save Nick tonight.  You do have one?  I have one.  I have one, you have one. The superidol is real. Next tribal council when  they try and do something, we go, guess what, bitches, boom.  There's only three of us, but we have two idols, and we can put them together  to form a superidol.  What do you guys think about taking away their food?  Yeah.  We don't provide for them.  After they go to bed, far, far away.  We're going to take the machete and ax and take away their ability to do  things just to weaken their soul a little. It's like logical warfare. I did  it in the military. I do it in bounty hunting. You cut off all their ties,  mess with their minds. Keep them weak. Look for the cracks, look for the  weakness, read between the lines, try the strike. I love psychological  warfare.  I say we make camp life miserable, no providing food. Are we in agreement?  I know this is a game, but the way Jason and Scot go at things is so extreme.  When we talk about taking away all the food, all the stuff from the girl,  that makes me uncomfortable. It's not how I approach life. It's not how I approach  problem solving. And I’m in the part of that, but I cannot control what they  do.  It's time the raise havoc.  Good morning.  Good morning. Tired?  No. I've been the fire starter here for a couple weeks.  The main reason for sabotage is to weaken them, because it could cause  somebody to crack, and I’m hoping that it pushes things up. So it's time the  try the make life as miserable as possible for everybody else we took the ma  shedtism we took the ax. We went back up in the jungle a little bit. Really,  needle in a haystack. How are they going to know? We hid the tools. They'll  never find that. CerTainly I’m not going to just lay down and say, hey, good  game. The only thing we can do right now is fight, and so we're going to  fight. And if fighting means making everybody else miserable in the process,  that's what I’m doing.  If you hold up. Tribal council was an absolutely beautiful thing. The people  who thought they were completely in control find it it was all an illusion,  and now they're pissed off, so the feeling is very uncomfortable. It's a  testament to their character of what poor sportsmen they actually are. They  are not gentlemen.  Do you know where the machete is?  It was here. Who opened the coconut last night?  The ax and machete gone.  In machete in.  No ax.  Where did they go?  This morning, woke up and one of the girls, I think Michele, was trying to  find the machete and/or the ax, gone.  Sabotage.  I think that's what's going on.  They were taken. It's ridiculous. You don't go back and hide tools essential  for the whole tribe.  That is so immature. The boys think they can break us down and keep us down  by doing these things, but we just use our smarts and figure out another way.   We can make it work.  We don't need you big burly men to do it for us. We can figure it out with  what we've got. Within 20 minutes we figured out a new method.  It's opening.  Thank you.  Can't stop us, can't stop us!  It popped right open.  So I’m listening to the little, oh, we're good, we got. This we'll just cook  up coconuts the old way and we going to be fine. And I was mad already.  Nice.  But that was the tipping point. I was like, okay, well, you're bragging again,  and now I’m steaming, so I’m going to do something stupid.  That didn't take very long.  Speculation.  Why you doing that?  Why would you sabotage the fire? Why would you sabotage us?  What do you mean sabotage you, it's the game? Pouring water on the fire in.  Part of the game. You're the fire starter. Start fire.  Your true colors come out.  I just don't like that kind of behavior. I don't tolerate it in my regular  life, and I don't want to tolerate it out here either.  All right. Let's get it back going. So nathan keeps the power struggle going  on, but we're not going the back down. We're always going to find a way.  Whew.  I knew they would start it.  That's fine. We'll put it out again.  We can't go too extreme.  Why not?  They're going to...  They're getting rid of us anyway.  It's going to be hard for me the watch things. I need to have bigger plans.  They had no problem throwing us under the bus last night.  Exactly.  Let's think of some more fun stuff to do.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Aubry, last tribal council, clearly a big blind side.  Did that have any impact back at camp, or is it just still game on?  I mean, I feel like the cold war ended and there are missiles going back and  forth quite frankly.  Jeff: Meaning?  It is sabotage back at camp. I awake to a missing hatchet, machete and Scot  proceeds to power five gallons of water on our fire to extinguish it.  Jeff: Scot, what's the rationale for dumping the water?  I was just sending the message that I’m the one that goes and getz the water.  The mangoes exist because I boost Tai up into a tree because he picks them.  I can climb a damn tree.  Let's see it.  Jeff: Clearly a lot going on. This should be interesting. You guys ready to  get to today's reward challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: For today's challenge you're going to be divided into two teams of  four. Each team will be attached to one long rope. On my go you'll work  together to unbraid that rope. Once you're completely unspooled, you will  then unclip and race to use sandbags to knock a series of blocks off the  ledge. First team to get all their blocks completely off the ledge wins  reward. Want to know what you're playing for?  Yeah.  This is something you might do on a friday night back home -- chinese  take-out delivered to camp.  Oh, my God.  Oh, God.  Jeff: question. We were going to this a schoolyard pick, but if you can all  agree to pick your own team, do it right now, otherwise we'll draw, with one  caveat. One person will be left out. The person who doesn't run will get the  chance to pick who you think is going to win, and if you're right, you  celebrate with them. If not you celebrate with the losers.  I'm sitting out.  You're sitting out?  Yep.  Jeff: All right. That makes it easy. Now we have eight people. Are there two  foursomes who want to run? We have animosity. Let's get it out.  One of the girls want to come with us?  We have Tai, Jason and Scot looking for a girl.  I'll go.  Julia swoops over there and says she would go with the guys. Pretty quickly.  And I was like, hold up. What's really going on.  I decided to go with the boys because at this point in the game, I know that  kind of pulling in Scot and pulling in Jason could be really super beneficial  to me. It's time for me to start making moves and playing my game.  Jeff: Julia is going to join Tai, Jason and Scot. That leaves Michele, Cydney,  Aubry and Debbie. Joe volunteered to sit out. Joe, which team are you going  to back?  I'll go with the girls.  Yes's going to go with the girls. This was easy. Pick a spot. We'll get  started.  All right. Here we go. For reward. Survivors ready? Go! For a group of people  who are not getting along, there couldn't be a better challenge.  Under or over?  Jeff: There's a lot of rope. The better you communicate, the faster you'll be  free, and you can start throwing your sandbags.  I'm coming over.  Jeff: Women doing a nice job.  Come on, girls.  Jeff: Stop, stop. Jason and Tai hung up now. You get hung up, it will set you  back quickly.  I can't go under. I’m knotted. Over?  Jeff: Yellow starting to pick it up now.  Now I’m over.  Jeff: Julia opted to go with the men. So far it's working.  I'm over.  Jeff: The women are slowing down. Aubry, Michele, Cydney, Debbie all tangled  up. Scot, Jason, Tai and Julia getting very close to the end.  That's it.  Jeff: Now you got to go up and over. Get yourself untangled.  Go, go, go, go go,!  The women are now untied. Now they're trying to throw themselves over and  free their rope. Julia's free. You're good. Start throwing sand bags. Tai, Scot,  Jason and Julia. Got to knock all these blocks completely off the ledge. Aubry  the last woman, she's got to get up and over. You cannot have any rope on the  top of that log.  There you go.  Meaghan: excellent. Come on, girl.  Jeff: The women are good. Unclip. Go! The women have to pick it up. Jason  continues to fire. Cydney knocks one off. It's going to take more than that  for the women to catch up. Jason exhausted. Here comes Scot. That's a big gun  throwing. Scot with a huge hit.  Who can throw hard?  Jeff: Cydney misses again. Here comes Debbie. Debbie knocks two more off. Debbie  knocks three more off.  Beautiful.  Jeff: Debbie knocks another off. The women are starting to catch up now.  Beautiful!  Jeff: Debbie's got an arm on her. Debbie knocks off two more. Scot now trying  to go delicate. You have to clear this ledge. These are all still good. Scot  knocks off another. Once again we have a back-and-forth challenge. Debbie  knocks off two. Debbie knocks off another. We are very close. Scot knocks off  another. Down to three for the men.  Yeah, buddy. No make it two for the men. It's down to six for the women. Make  it five for the women. Jason down to his last one. One more shot by Jason and  it's over.  Throw strikes. Throw strikes! There it is. There it is!  Jeff: Jason, Scot, Tai and Julia win reward. Huge effort. All right. Huge  effort. Neck and neck once again with teams you chose. Jason, Scot, Tai, Julia,  nice reward waiting for you back at camp. Chinese take-out will be delivered.  Grab your stuff, head back to camp, enjoy. Cydney, Michele, Aubry, Joe, got  nothing for you. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp.  Julia and the boys won the reward challenge, and soon as I saw she went over  to the boys, I knew she was trying to get a better position for herself.  She's playing both sides, but I see right through Julia. I can't trust her as  far as I can throw her. Enjoy.  Thank you.  I am glad, Tai, you get your noodles. I’m happy for you.  At today's challenge we won. It changes on the flip of a dime. That's what  makes this game so wonderful.  Noodles the whole time. We're back on the upswing right now. We're not at the  top of that mounTain, but Julia's got us chugging back up it. We got a  prayer.  Noodles. Good job, guys.  Julia, Tai, myself, Jason and mark the chicken, we ate chinese food and had a  couple beers. Everything was really, really good. The best part about it is  getting a chance to talk to Julia and pick her brain.  If you could have your way, what would you do? And it's okay if we're not in  that picture, understand.  No, you are in that picture.  Getting rid of you guys would be a dumb move on my part because then I’m going  to be at the bottom of the Cydney, Joe, Debbie and Aubry chain.  At this point in the game, you really have to be thinking long-term. I definitely  have my other alliance that I feel confident in, but picking people like Scot  and Jason to the end who have betrayed people, who have caused chaos around  camp might be a good idea, because at this point anyone on the jury would not  vote for them.  I think you should think of what works best for you.  No matter what, please communicate with us.  I'm going to from now on.  Well, you know what, when it's just the five of us, it's going to be  spectacular.  You're done already?  Uh-huh.  I think she's lost to the dark side.  She's really smart. She's just playing them I think.  We'll see.  Some people think Julia is playing both sides of the fence, but I don't have  one iota of concern about Julia flipping on us.  They try to suck you in?  Little bit.  There's in way. There's no way.  Tomorrow I hope it's Scot. I don't think Jason's the brain. I think Scot is.  Is that what we're... We're going to split?  We're going to see who wins and then talk?  Okay.  My b.s. Radar was going like this when Julia was talking to miss Debbie. You  think it's strategic for you to come from this group and come first question,  what is our strategy for next tribal? I don't trust it. She thinks she's  slick. You can't slick a slicker in any direction.  What I’m thinking, we split and do Julia, boom.  Those are the most dangerous players in the game. Back and forth.  She's logical and she's socially smart.  Julia isn't someone who wants to have alliances. She wants to ride the middle  to the end. She's playing both sides, but sometimes the guy in the middle of  the road gets run over. And I hope it's her. Night. I said, you know what, I’m  committed to the boys. I was upset when Scot put out that big fire. But it's  necessary for me to step back from what I’m feeling compassionate. I like  them, but if this is war, we're going to make the other side uncomfortable.  So I decided to put out the fire. Right now it's them and us. The evil inside  me rarely come out, but it does.  Totally out?  Yeah.  Maybe more water was poured on it.  Good morning.  Any ember?  Dead.  There's a part of the sabotage that is cerTainly childish, but Scot and Jason  were being deliberate today. That was to throw us off the scent, to aim votes  at them because they probably have idols. My gut tells me with a big blinking  sign that Julia has to go.  Scot really puts me off with the fire today.  Okay.  He's now messing with us actually eating.  Yes.  And surviving.  Yes.  And I want him gone.  Okay. Can I say what my gut is?  There's in way Scot did that out of a temper. He's a smart enough guy that he  did it deliberate limp he's trying to shake it up so we go for him and Jason  right now. I truly feel, deb, that we might flush all the idols in the game  if we vote for Julia.  Okay. Here's the deal. We got to get rid of the guys first.  It's killing me that Debbie is going with her emotion right now. Scot poured  that water on the fire because he wanted a reaction. And I want to tell Debbie,  you're being emotional, but you have to be logical right now.  My gut, and I respect you gut, is Scot or Jason has to go.  But I’m asking you that if it's the lowest-risk move and all the idols...  I'm not voting for jewela. I’m not.  Deb is putting her foot down, and I have gone with her on a lot of things,  but I believe firmly that Julia needs to go home.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to today's immunity  challenge?  Yeah.  Jeff: First things first, Tai, take back the necklace. Once again immunity is  back up for grabs. For today's challenge you're going the stack a series of  boston celtics on a beam while attempting to avoid trip obstacles. If you hit  the obstacle, your blocks will fall and you'll have to restack. Your goal is  to stack your blocks so they fall like dominoes, ultimately hitting a gong.  First person to hit their gong wins immunity, safe from tribal council. One  in eight shot at winning this game. Losers tribal council where somebody will  be voted out and become the third member of our jury. We'll draw for spots.  We'll get started. All right. Here we go. For immunity, Survivors ready? Go!  One block at a time. And you have to be inside with both feet before you  place your first one. This is speed versus precision. The faster you go, the  more risks you take. You are looking to space these so they fall like domino,  not too close, not too far apart, just right. Tai drops. He's got to go back.  Every time you drop a block, you go to go back and come back into the  obstacle. Michele now with the early lead. Jason right there with her. Aubry  in it. Scot trying to get in this. Joe and Cydney falling out of this. Julia  slow and steady. Jason loses everything. First to have a total disaster. Jason  now starting over. Scot loses everything.  You got it, Michele. Good job, girl.  Jeff: Giving Michele a nice opening toward that end. Tai now gaining on Michele.  It's now coming down the Tai. Can Tai catch Michele? Tai loses everything.  He's out now. It is now Michele, Debbie and Aubry very close.  Me and you, sweetheart.  Jeff: Julia has been slow and steady this entire challenge with a chance to  win it. They're going to have to double time it or hope that Michele drops. Aubry  racing. Aubry makes a big move and loses everything. It is now Michele, Debbie  and Julia. Cydney loses everything. Cydney completely out of it. Michele  coming back with what could be her last block.  Good job, Michele.  Jeff: Julia and Debbie the only ones with a shot at catching her right now.  This could be it.  You knock 'em down, girl. You can do it.  Jeff: Does she have them spaced right?  You got it, girl.  Jeff: Here she goes for the win. She's good so far. But, no, Michele can't do  it. Michele has to reset nearly everything, opening the door for Debbie and Julia.  And Julia loses blocks now. It's Debbie to win.  Come on, Debbie.  She could win it with this block. Jason not waiting to find out. He's still  working on it, one block at a time. Debbie going to give it a shot for the  win. Here she goes. No! Debbie falls short. She's going to have to restack.  The door is open again. Now it is Julia trying to restack her missing blocks.   Let's go, jewels.  Jeff: Suddenly Scot and Jason are back in this out of nowhere. Jason lost  everything early in this challenge, but he did not give up. He kept fighting,  and he is in it. Julia hustling to restack. She's still got a shot. Scot drops  everything again. Jason is taking the time to restack from the back to the  front to try to shorten the distance, but he is giving Julia a chance to get  back in it. It's a risky move.  Come on, girl.  Jeff: But he's committed. Julia places another block. She looks to be just  one away. It's going to come down to the wire. Debbie now restacking. She's  not giving up. Jason has restacked everything. Will it work? It was a big  move. Jason for the win. No! Jason can't do it. Door is open again. Julia  places her last block. Michele gaining on her, just a couple blocks short.  I'm going, folks.  Debbie out of nowhere has got hers restacked. Debbie now going to go for it.  No, Debbie falls short. Julia for the win. And she does it! Julia wins  individual immunity.  Good job, Julia. That was awesome.  Jeff: Julia, come on over. Youngest person in this game and still going  strong. Guaranteed a one in eight shot at winning this game. As for the rest  of you, after 24 day, somebody will be voted out tonight, and become the  third member of our jury. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. See you tonight  at tribal. Congrats.  Thanks, jeff.  Jeff: The worst possible thing happened. Julia won. And my whole plan that I was  positive of went out the window. Just out the window. What do I do now?  Good job. Hey, the trick was to use them all. You used all of them. Good  girl.  I missed one of mine.  All right. I know that we're all going the talk quickly. I just want to throw  it out while everybody is here. Okay. I say that we split the vote between  Tai and Scot. Jason will expect it to be him. There is no way the three of  them have an idol. If it goes 3-3-3, we revote for Scot?  Oh, no. Deb says this is the plan right in front of Julia. And that really  scares me.  For this to go off beautifully, everybody has to be on the same page. You, me  and Joe are going to vote Scott. They're going to vote Tai.  In this scenario, the vote would be three for Scot, three for Tai and three  that the boys decided.  I'll go get Tai.  But Julia's been playing double agent pretty well, and if one person goes  awry, the whole thing blows up and someone you didn't want to go home totally  gone.  Do you want me to tell you what their plan is right now?  What is it?  They're splitting the vote between you and Tai.  So we'll vote Cydney and that's the end of it.  If Julia decides to be our guardian angel, and hopefully she votes Cydney, it  will go 4-2-3, and Cydney goes home. But if Julia decides to go with the  group she's with, we're pulling out all the stops, we're saying we have idol,  we're pulling out everything we can think of to make sure we stick around, we  don't have an option.  Okay. So Debbie is giving information, don't tell Julia anything.  I incredibly concerned about her. Debbie isn't listening to any logic. She  completely trusts jewelback and this far into Survivor, I need someone who is  logical and I know is not going to change course.  Do I have to like cut Debbie loose is how I feel right now?  You know what, I’m not against it?  I don't think that Joe would be against it.  This is incredibly difficult for me. I don't want Debbie to go, but when  people show me who they are, that's what I’m going to go with.  I still have Michele. You still have Joe.  I definitely have Joe, as long as you're sure you have Michele.  I'm going to need to be sure.  Aubry andry on the same page in terms of Debbie will take us all down before Jason  and Scot will. We can get them later.  You sure?  Aubry came to me with the idea of it just being me, you, Joe and Aubry vote Debbie.   I'm like, damn, I never thought i'd see this day.  I never thought I would.  Four of us are going Debbie.  Can I have an honest conversation with you right now?  Yes.  So I’m a little worried about Debbie. She's been saying a few things that are  highly emotional. She trusts Julia. Like why is she doing this?  A five-minute conversation with Scot. She was problem telling him the whole  plan.  Joe, I think we have to vote for Debbie.  Aubry said, well, should we take Debbie out, but there's no need for that  because we have such a viable force going.  We need to stick with Debbie.  I don't know. I don't know if we have numbers right now.  Do we have four?  I trust you, Cydney. I trust you and you vibe.  Okay.  Right now we need to talk to Julia and that's really scary, because now Julia,  the person I wanted out, is the person I need right now.  Are you with us?  Yes.  She's with us for real, for real.  Okay. So for real, for real, we're... Okay, we're volting for Debbie.  Aubry's in?  Yeah.  Let's shake hands on the Debbie thing and it's happening.  It's happening.  Cool.  Oh, my God.  I definitely feel like having my hands in different alliances has given me a  lot of power.  Welcome back.  Thank you.  I have the power right now to send Debbie home, and I have the power right  now to send Cydney home. Jason, Scot and Tai really want Cydney gone. I consider  Cydney a huge threat because she kind of talks to everyone. But Debbie is  someone I want gone eventually, so it's kind of who I choose to vote for.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Neal and Nick voted out at  the last tribal council. All right. So let's go back to the reward challenge  where a lot of information was revealed. Debbie, it's clear there's a  division within this tribe.  Yeah. I just can't remember people teaming off into such two distinct camp,  and this has been really tough because we're not eating. We don't have a  hatchet or a machete, so our very lives, not our figurative lives, our  literal lives are on the line.  Jeff: Aubry, is this the point of what Scot, Jason and Tai are doing, to try  to cause some chaos here, maybe the game breaks open?  I mean, it's possible. The water on the fire was like an epic moment, it was  lying getting fajitas in a mexican restaurant, it just all went up. That was  kind of a symbolic...  Jeff: Julia, there's a lot going on, and we still haven't talked about the  reward challenge in which you went with Tai, Scot and Jason. What was the  reaction back at camp from everybody else when they saw you volunteer to be  with them?  The alliance that decided to blindside Nick was okay with me going with Tai, Jason  and Scot, because, you know, someone had to do it, and I volunteered.  Jeff: Debbie, you're nodding.  Yeah, we're completely fine, and I’m glad that she got a good meal. She  deserved to eat, and she was actually brave to step up to the plate and go  because maybe they're going to think this, they're going to think that. I just  thought you wanted chinese food. I did.  Jeff: Michele, the result is big meal for Jason, Scot, thai and Julia, and  look who is wearing the necklace today.  She's safe tonight, and I think it's a great opportunity to show where her  allegiance lies. She can sit comfortably and vote based on where she wants to  go and who she wants to go with, and I think I know what side it's going to  be.  Jeff: Tai, last time we were at tribal, we talked about idols. Are they  there, is there a super idol, what is that, maybe somebody's lying. Do you  think idols will come into play?  Based on this conversation, yeah, I think idols will come into play. If the  idol exists.  Jeff: Jeff, we could go ahead and just tell everybody what's going to happen.   I think that's a great idea.  Jeff: All right, Jason and Scot, what's going to happen?  Well, i've got -- Tai's got an idol. Tai's not going anywhere tonight.  He's staying here. He's staying right here.  I do have an idol. That's an idol.  I can see it?  Yeah.  Wait a minute. Wait main. The idol's got a brother. There's two of them.  Jeff: All right.  Wow.  Jeff: So let me see if I got this. Tai, you're saying, I have an idol and I’m  playing it.  Obviously. That's 6-3. I'll play it. It's 100% or 30%, at least 35%.  Jeff: And Jason, you have another idol.  That's right. And guess what, we're all going to go and vote. When you come  back and say, is there an idol to be played, we're going to stand up, winner  gets the idol to play, loser is on the block.  Oh, no.  So I’m going to let fate decide if I stay in the game or if Scot does.  Jeff: Wow. And Jason, conversations happening.  Yes, they are.  Jeff: Happening right in front of you.  They're saying that Tai is going to solidly hold on to that idol, but Tai could  give his idol up and then both of them have the idol, so it's where to place  our six votes wisely because we only have one opportunity.  Jeff: It just keeps going. Jewelback how great is that necklace right now?  I love it. I love it so much.  Jeff: All right. Are we ready to vote?  Are we good?  Are we good?  Yes, we're good.  Yeah, we're good.  Jeff: All right. Without question, one of the craziest tribals I have ever  had the pleasure of witnessing. It is time to vote. Cydney, you're up. Votes.  If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want the play it, now would be  the time to do so. One second, jeff. Maybe we should give it to Tai. Let's  just do that.  We are giving my idol to Tai.  I accept your idol. And I want to sit down.  Yep.  Jeff: Okay. Once the votes are read, the decision is final, the person voted  out will be asked to leave the tribal council area immediately. I'll read the  votes. First vote, Scot. Cydney.  Spelled my name wrong.  Jeff: Scot. Cydney. Two votes Scot, two votes Cydney. Cydney. That's three  votes Cydney. Debbie. Debbie. That's two votes Debbie. Debbie. We're tied,  three votes Cydney, three votes Debbie, two votes Scot, one vote left. Eighth  person voted out and the third member of our jury Debbie. You need to bring  me your torch. Debbie, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Well, rarely  is there a theme as strong as there is one this season, no matter how bad it  seem, you don't mean you're out, and no matter how safe you feel, it doesn't  mean you are. Grab your torches, head back to camp. Good night. Stay tuned  for scenes from our next episode. "Survivor," with the power of the  super idol.  We have a super idol.  We're staying.  Jeff: Jason, Scot and Tai feel invincible. But Aubry tries to lure Tai away  from the dark side.  Tai's not like Jason and Scot. They're despicable people.  I don't know what to do.  The big surprise to me here was that the girls chose to get rid of a girl. It  just boggles my mind and it's only going to make it more difficult for them  to now defeat Scot, Jason and Tai. And it totally stinks that those three  west wankers have made it further than me, but they played a better game.