<br/>Jeff: Over 17 years and 33 seasons, the game of "Survivor" has  evolved. These are the players that changed the game.  Coming into this game, I’m already know i'm a huge threat. I’m created the  spy shack. I’m found the special idol. I’m volted out my closest ally.  The tribe has spoken.  Thank you.  Just when you think you seen it all, you ain't seen nothing yet.  In "Survivor" philippines and Survivor caramoan, I’m swung for the  fences making splashy, firework-type moves. This is the other immunity idol,  i'm giving it to eddie.  Jeff: The looks on faces.  I have a reputation to uphold. I'm going to keep making big moves. I'm so  excited. I’m can't stop bouncing in my seat.  I'm the only person to ever win "Survivor" two times. It one just  luck. I'm against you, russell. That's what I’m know how to do, make it to  day 39 and not get voted off. The queen stays queen. Adios.  I am a bona fide ex-couch potato that saw this game and loved it. If you were  to give up immunity, I’m would believe you. I'm a gangster with a sometime,  like a wolf in sheep's clothing.  I want to give individual immunity to natalie. Sorry. I’m made it to the end.  The only next step for me is to win.  Anybody who watched "Survivor" kaoh rong would novi strength like a  gymnast and a tenacity like a giant squid. I’m want him gone.  Okay.  When I’m come into this game, it's go for broke. This is the kentucky derby,  the preakness and the belmont stakes all at once, so you better go for it.  Jeff: They'll battle it out on the islands of fiji as "Survivor"  kicks off its 500th episode.  We've all changed the game, so to win this game, you have to go big or go  home.  Jeff: This is "Survivor: Game changers," 39 days, 20 people, one Survivor.  [ theme song playing]  Jeff: Welcome to the 34th season of "Survivor." [cheering and  applause] you were each hand-picked because you share one thing in common: You  have proven you are willing the make the kind of moves that will change the  game. Some of you make bold moves. Some of you make quiet moves. Some of you  have made moves that were so successful they're legendary. And others have  made moves that were a disaster and got you voted out. But that's the nature  of a game in which there is only one winner. Most moves won't work. It's  having the guts to make the move that got you here. This season is called  "Survivor: Game changers" [cheering and applause] Ozzy, how much  time when you're not playing "Survivor" is spent thinking about the  mistakes i've made?  You know, I’m have some crazy dream, wake up sweating with millions of  dollars slipping through my fingers, but I’m also have amazing men risk and  something I’m would never give up.  Jeff: J.T., does it matter that there are handful of winners here, that  you're not the only person that's won the $1 million?  I think it's great i'm not the only winner here, but I’m don't think it  matters at all. Sandra is not going to be the only two-time winner, I’m think.   Jeff: Wow. Cirie, if J.T. Is right, you have no shot.  Who says J.T. Is right?  Jeff: Zeke, fresh off playing in millennials vs. Gen x, do you feel some  pressure knowing, wow, I’m am with a group of people who know how to play  "Survivor"?  Yeah, Jeff, I’m mean, as a fan, i'm geeking out quite a bit right now, and I’m  think, yeah, you wonder if you belong on this boat, and I’m intend to prove  that I’m do.  Jeff: All right. Let's get it going. Those of you with an orange buff, Hali, Caleb,  Troyzan, Sandra, Aubry, Tony, Caleb, Varner and Malcolm, you're the Mana  tribe. Those of you with a blue buff, Debbie, Tai, Andrea, Cirie, culpepper, J.T.,  Ozzy and Zeke, you're Nuku. This season maybe more than any other, you're  going to have to be aware and willing to do anything, any time, to anybody to  move you further ahead in this game. This boat is loaded with supplies.  You're going to want the grab everything you can to take back to camp. There  is also a raft for each tribe. There is map to your new home. This is the  same way we started "Survivor" in our very first season, with one  twist. Your first game-changing opportunity. There is a life ring in the  water. On either side of that ring, there are two sets of color-coded ropes.  First person to untie their knots will release a massive toolkit for their  tribe. It's your first advantage in the game. I’m can't wait the see what  this season brings. "Survivor: Game changers" is on.  Go.  Jeff: And it is quickly chaotic.  Untie the raft, untie the raft.  Jeff: And who is going in the water? It's going to be Ozzy for Nuku. He's out  quickly. And nobody is going after him. Unbelievable. A massive toolkit and  clearly nobody from the Mana tribe even cares.  I guess we're not going to have a toolkit.  No.  Jeff: One of the things that comes with playing this game is you now know  which items actually have value.  Guys, good job.  Keep going, keep going, keep going.  You all right?  Jeff: Caleb new finally in the water for the Mana tribe.  Jeff: Caleb new finally in the water for the Mana tribe. Those are our  chickens.  Jeff: Pandemonium. Ozzy diving down again. Caleb has reached the knot. Can he  make up the time? This is what you expect on a season called "game  changers." 30 seconds left. 30 seconds. Ozzy has the toolkit for his  tribe.  Toss it.  Jeff: You have to get over, Malcolm, this is it. Let's go, Varner. Ozzy got  the toolkit for Nuku.  I'll build us a mansion with that guy.  Jeff: And they have the chickens. This is massive head start for one tribe.  For one of you this is the beginning of a $1 million adventure. Good luck.  It's "Survivor: Game changers," so you can't just sit around and  hope to get to the end. The stakes have been raised. This is going to be an  epic season. So game on. Ready? Paddle. Just go.  Nice to meet you.  Seeing the flag was lake deeãaã vu. I’m mean, that's when you  really feel like your on "Survivor"?  Where's the water?  Here's the flag. Everyone here is a snake in the grass, and i'm like the  cobra that you don't know is sitting underneath you, and then all of a sudden  it strikes and you don't know what hit you.  Field trip?  Field trip.  Bamboo, bamboo.  This is crazy. This season I’m believe my best shot at winning is going to be  literally schmoozing up to everybody here and making them feel awesome.  Is your name toys for Troyzan  i think it is.  Is that your real name?  Any time somebody starts talking to me i'm going to go like this because I’m can't  control my facial expressions. It is very difficult for me to lie.  There's a lot of huge bamboo.  I imagine we're doing it like right here.  Yeah, look at those low ones right there, you could...  Oh, these two?  Hey, you guys do nice, nice. I'm out. I'm looking for the idol.  Where's he going in  he said, i'm out, i'm looking for the idol.  He's serious, though.  I bet he is.  We're going to vote him off first.  Should we let him go?  Yeah, he's making himself a target.  I thought they would all be chasing me.  If he finds it, at least we'll know he has it.  All of a sudden that big bad maniac screams, i'm going for the idol.  You all go keep an eye on him so we know if he gets it. If you're going to  call a season account game changers" I’m think it's more important for  me to get a foothold in the lion's den and not be pulling a Tony who is  freaking out everyone at camp with all of his idol hunting.  I just wanted to walk around and look at the scenery and the landscape. Oh,  man, they're really not coming. I’m was going to rattle them a little bit. So  I’m was thinking they were all going to chase me, and if they were chasing, I’m  would stop and say, i'm messing you. But they weren't chasing me, so I’m said,  let me take advantage and start looking for the idol for sure, you know.  He wasn't going nowhere. Nobody was going to vote his ass off or nothing.  Everyone is already talking about we can't trust Tony, look at what he's  doing. But I’m don't know we can hurry up and take Tony out. We need him.  He's a physical player. We need strength.  You got everybody paranoid.  Who they pissed off at, not me?  They're like, someone go watch him. Oh, my God.  You guys watch me while we look for the idol.  I like toney. He's got high spirits. Day one, paranoia, stirring up trouble.  All right. Let's grab some bamboo and go back.  All I’m can say, that's Tony for you, you wouldn't expect anything less, but  he's got a big target on his back. Anything less, but he's got a big target  on his back.  Great job, man. Awesome job.  Oh, my God.  Nice to meet you.  Nice to meet you, too.  I'm here the slay everyone and the win a million dollars, right? But I’m have  like the greatest tribe ever. I’m got the Goddess Cirie.  Cirie. I've got Ozzy. I've got J.T. I'm playing surrounded by game changers.  Part of me has to keep slapping myself and being like, you're out here, too.  If you belong out here, you need to act like it. So I’m want to get my hands  dirty. I’m want the lather myself in the blood of my enemy, right? Like I’m want  to change the game. That's what I’m love about "Survivor."  look at that. Look, a goat.  There are three goats over here. Three goats. There's no way you can get that  goat.  No way.  There's in way. You know how fast they go.  Listen, listen, I’m think to kill a goat we'd have to kill Tai.  There you go. Sweet.  What's in there? We got tons of nails and hammers. We can hammer and nail. We  got all the tools.  Let's do it.  All right.  I played "Survivor" cagayan. I’m have a me until nal social game.  I'm a police officer. So I’m can read people, and with a season called  "game changers," I’m feel like somebody will get anxious and feel  as though they need to make a move, which will put a target on their back,  and then i'm going to be the silent assassin.  Finding the secret advantage is just giving me this opportunity to do  something big. And it's exactly what I’m wanted to do with my game this time  around. Congratulation, you found the legacy advantage. With this note in  your possession, you are guaranteed immunity, but it comes with a twist. You  may only use it when there are 13 people left in the game or when there are  six people left in the game, and if you are voted out, you must will this  advantage to another player still in the game from any tribe. The legacy  advantage opens up a lot of doors for me. I'm already a strong competitor. I’m  know what it takes to do it socially. I'm a cowgirl. Like my job is working  with guys every day of my life. My comfort is hanging out with the guy, so I’m  got to keep them close. I'm so glad you're on my tribe.  Listen, I’m have to play with people like yourself.  Have you talk to the Ozzy at all?  He's great. In blood vs. Water, it was so difficult. I’m had my wife monica  on one side and I’m had my side. I’m was very aggressive. This time i'm  trying to let everybody come to me, and I’m find myself saying, w.w.m.d.,  what would monica do. And I’m promise you, she would be slow playing this  right now. I’m got a long way to go, but I’m think i'm off on the right foot.   Obviously I’m want to be a team player, but you do also have to have within  that tribe your core numbers. Sure.  You know what I’m mean?  For sure.  I think my competition is fierce. In "Survivor," big moves always  require big risks. A lot of times they're not successful, but if you don't  make them, your chances of winning the game are very small.  The only one that I’m really get a little bit scared of honestly is Cirie.  I do, too.  Cirie and I’m played together on fans versus favorites, and Cirie helped to  get me out. I'm not sure if I’m can trust her. So this time around as a game  changer, I’m need to be the master of blind sides. If we lose an immunity  challenge, Cirie is going to go.  That's right, that's right.  It's going to be a hell of a house when you finish. I’m think it's good the  say you can put the past aside, but I’m knew it was a problem when I’m saw  ivy on the same tribe as me. I’m didn't start the blind side. I’m participated.  But that was eight years or something. Get over it.  So we good, Ozzy? What's the deal? You coming in here with baggage?  What was it? Eight years ago?  I want a clean slate. I'm just seeing where everybody is. It felt like we  were solid, so maybe everybody will remain calm.  I know you guys have differences.  Well, the thing is with me and Cirie, it really wasn't anything because she  wasn't... She just went along with what my alliance decided to do, so I’m can't  hold that against her, but she's just not a physical player. She's not going  to be a really physical player.  I had a conversation with J.T., Ozzy, he keep bringing Cirie up. He and Cirie  have history. He doesn't trust Cirie, but I’m like Cirie, so I’m don't want  to get caught in something that suddenly they say Cirie have to go.  I don't have to worry.  I'm not worried.  I don't think you have to worry.  So when you talked to Ozzy this morning, you got a feeling that I’m still  need to work it out with him? That pause is giving me concern.  It's just a vibe. I’m just feel like you guys... If you talk to him, that's  why i'm trying to confer with you guys.  I know, but when you talked to him, you still got a vibe that there's  unresolved issues is what you're saying? So just hearing the way Ozzy is  feeling about me, I’m know that it's going the take something more than just  a conversation we had. Listen, the war is going to start anyway. What  difference does it make if the war starts tonight or tomorrow? There will be  blood either way.  Anybody need a refill of water? I'm going to go get system water.  Please.  Anybody? Water? &gt;&gt;we're all game changers here, we know what the deal  is. So when all these bums are talking, Tony is always working. I’m went to  dig a bunker next to the water well so I’m can go under the ground where  nobody is going to expect it, because they're going to be looking for spy  shacks. They ain't going to be looking for an underground bunker. The best  quality I’m have for this game is what's needed to win this game. And that's  adaptability. If they get fooled again, that's shame on them. This game is  not worth it if you lose. I’m would never do it if I’m didn't think I’m could  win.  Tony is the biggest threat here. He's probably the number-one game changer,  and look, I’m already caught him digging in places like the idol weasel. He's  just out of control.  What's up, Tony? What are your thought, bro? And then he acted like, hey,  bro, what's up? I'm like, I’m didn't confront him, but he has... When he's  guilty, he has a fantastic guilty face. But I’m got to be very careful with a  guy like that.  Right in there digging like a crazy man. I’m don't know if he found  something, but that's all dug out.  You would need a clue to dig there. How did he get a clue?  He's digging in the middle of nowhere.  What do we expect? Apparently troy caught Tony digging in the idol in the  middle of nowhere.  I played "Survivor" a few times with winners. I’m played with tina.  And I’m think I’m have that advantage where I’m kind of know how to navigate  that.  Tony I’m guarantee you is looking. Tony's played one time and he's won. So  he's c&amp;ming in extremely arrogant and he's already pretty close. And I’m am  so excited to teach him a little lesson.  We were just talking about Tony. Like just looking for the idol.  You saw that?  Just now. The options are get rid of him or get rid of Caleb.  I don't think we can get rid of Caleb, he's too strong challenge-wise.  I'm thinking if we're iffy about Tony having an idol, we should get rid of  his right-hand man.  It's open season. Names are starting to be thrown out, Caleb, Tony. Those are  two people I’m don't want to go at all, but I’m know the person throwing  these names out is Ciera.  What are your thoughts?  Ciera seems to be very gamey. That's my gut.  Strategically for my game, i'm where I’m want to be. Everyone is talking to  me, but if Ciera is going to push us out of zen mode on this tribe, it makes  it easy to target her early.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to your first  immunity challenge?  Yeah.  Yeah.  Jeff: For today's challenge, you're going to race to a raft and paddle out to  a platform. One person will then swim out the retrieve a set of keys. You'll  all make your way over a series of obstacles back to the beach. You'll dig up  two bags of puzzle pieces. You'll then use the keys to unlock the chest,  which will release the third bag of pieces. You'll use the pieces inside the  bags to form a ship's wheel puzzle. First tribe to solve their puzzle and  raise their flag wins immunity. This is the immunity idol.  Oh, wow.  Wow. [applause]  Jeff: With this in your possession, you cannot be voted out. Losers, tribal  council. Somebody will be the first person voted out of "Survivor: Game  changers." in addition, you're playing for fire in the form of flipght.  There is a twist to this season. This season in the event of a tie vote at  tribal council, there will be no revote. We will go immediately to a  tiebreaker. That means if there is a tie, you'll have an open discussion at  tribal in from the of everybody, and if you can unanimously agree on which of  the tribe members who are tied to send home, they go home. If you can't  unanimously agree, the people who were tied are now safe, everybody else  draws rocks and somebody goes home. Andrew, what impact initially do you see  this having?  It worries me because there might be an idol and let's split the vote, but  now splitting the vote is very dangerous because you could be the one pulling  the rock.  Jeff: All right. Give you guys a minute the strategize. We'll get started.  All right. Here we go. For reward and immunity, Survivors ready? Go! Seven  from each tribe on the raft for the first leg. Got to paddle out to that  platform. These rafts are heavy. Once you're in the water, start paddling.  Let's go. Everybody on.  Go, guys go. You've got to get everybody on the platform before the swimmer  can go.  Right side, right side.  Jeff: Nuku very close to their platform. Mana is now at that platform.  Everybody on that platform. Ozzy's in the water. Hali in the water for Mana.  Great job, Hali, come on.  Jeff: It's Ozzy and Hali right now in a showdown going for those keys.  Let's go, Ozzy.  Good job, Hali.  Let's go, Hali.  You're right on him. Yes!  Jeff: Ozzy has his untied. He's heading back. Hali has hers untied. She's  heading back.  Yeah, Ozzy.  Jeff: Big stakes out of the get. Bragging rights and you do not want to go to  tribal council. Ozzy's back. Up and over. Here goes Nuku.  Come on, Hali.  Nice job.  Go, go, go.  Jeff: Go, Mana. Everybody over. Nuku now working on that barrel. It is a long  swim, a lot of adrenaline. Nuku tossing people over. There goes Michaela on  her own is Michaela and Aubry doing all of the work for Mana. Nuku now hits  the net. Still with the lead. Mana has one person left. There he is. Let's  go, Mana. Got to get everybody to the mat.  Keep going.  Nice job.  Jeff: Go. Start digging, two people.  You got it!  Jeff: Go, Mana, go.  Awesome job, nokomis.  Jeff: You're looking for two bags of puzzle pieces. J.T. Has the first bag  for Nuku. Culpepper going to get out for Nuku. Ciera coming in for cull  pepper. Mana will now switch out. Last time Caleb did this, he was evacuated  from exhaustion. Tai has the second bag. Go!  Ozzy.  Jeff: Ozzy hands the keys to Debbie, now working on those locks. Caleb has  first bag. He's going to swap out. Malcolm back in with Tony.  I got it.  Jeff: They've got it. Let's go. Mana, you're back in this. Debbie still  working on those locks. That has opened the door for Mana now.  We're right in it.  I got one.  That a boy, Jeff.  Jeff: Varner quickly gets first lock for Mana, and just like that, Mana is  now in the lead.  Don't panic. Stay calm.  Jeff: Nuku had a huge head start.  Debbie feeling the pressure.  Jeff: Varner starting to panic.  I ain't panicking. Don't throw that [bleeped] on me. I'm good.  Jeff: Nuku has their second lock open. Nuku back in the lead now. Start  working on the puz. It is Cirie and Zeke working on the puzzle for Nuku. Varner  still trying to open that second lock for Mana. First part of this puzzle is  the outer ring of the ship's wheel.  Got it.  Got it?  Jeff: Varner has the second lock. There you go. Start working on the puzzle.  It is Cirie and Zeke.  Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.  Jeff: And Sierra and Sandra. It all comes down to this. Cirie and Zeke had a  bit of a lead, but Sierra and Sandra quickly caught up. Sierra and Sandra  have been behind and have had to catch up this entire challenge. Can they do  it now when it really matters? Zeke and Cirie have first section. Sierra and Sandra  have their first section. Once again we're dead even in this first challenge.  Now working on the spokes, the second section of the ship's wheel. Sierra has  done this puzzle once before against her mom and lost. Can she pull it off  this time? Zeke and Cirie making progress if they're right. You don't know  until you're completely finished if all the piece goss where they need to be.  Zeke and Cirie think they have it. Will it fit? Is it right?  Yes, it will.  No, it's not.  Jeff: It's not right. Something's off. They have to go back to the drawing  board again. That opens the door once again for Mana.  Come on, hurry.  That's it. This is it.  Jeff: San dr. And Sierra think they have figured it out now.  You got it.  Yes, here.  Jeff: Zeke and Cirie think they figured it out now. Suddenly both pairs have  some momentum. Are they right?  Yes.  Jeff: And they are, Zeke and Cirie are moving on to the third and final bag.  These are the handles. This will finish it right here. San dr. And Sierra now  have to move quickly. It won't take much time for this last bit.  You got it. Great job.  Jeff: Cirie has the last handle. Sandra giving it a go. Nuku has it. This  will do it.  Spin that wheel, yeah!  Jeff: Reward and immunity for Nuku, and the first challenge in "Survivor:  Game changers." Nuku, congratulations. Out of the gate immunity is  yours.  Thank you, Jeff.  Jeff: And flint.  Thank you.  Jeff: Nice catch, Debbie. No tribal council tonight. Nobody going home. Grab  your stuff. Head back to camp. Enjoy the night off. All right, Mana, like it  or not, somebody will be the first person voted out of "Survivor: Game  changers." grab you stuff, head back to camp. See you tonight at tribal.   This is a puzzle I’m had done before, and I’m lost the puzzle to my mom, and  I’m totally let everybody down. And it's just a crappy feeling to lose the  same puzzle two times. I'm nervous, you know, I’m don't want to be first vote  out on the game-changing season.  That was a doozy. Losing the first immunity challenge is nothing new to me.  That's exactly what's happened to me every time i've ever played.  Anybody refill? Malcolm, you need a refill?  Nobody wants to be the first person voted out. To even have to go to the  first tribal is awful f awful. And even though Tony is a snake, new gut is  telling me to keep the tribe strong.  This sucks, bro. I'm so pissed right now. Right now we have to make a  decision who we don't feel comfortable with and say we have to get rid of the  weakest threat.  I feel like Sierra.  She's the only person that's thrown names out.  That's the only person who has said anybody's name.  Whose name in.  You two.  The vote is between the two of you because you were digging for an idol.  When you talk about game changing, you talk about Sierra. She voted her  mother out. That says a lot. She's flip-flopped. She's forced ties. Sierra is  lit.  Sandra?  I'm going to do what you all want?  Whose names are out there and i'll tell you what I’m feel?  Mine.  Who said you?  The only one throwing names out is Sierra.  One person. For no reason.  Here she comes.  No, hang out, hang out.  Say Michaela. Say Michaela.  This season there's a little twist here. In the event of a tie, there will  not be a revote, and we'll draw rocks right then and there. For me it's a huge  advantage because I’m play fearlessly, and i've been there. So I’m feel like  I’m was just handed an advantage, but I’m know I’m didn't perform at that  challenge, so the pressure is on for me because sometimes early on people  want the keep the tribe strong.  What do you feel about Michaela?  I think she's confrontational.  I'm good with that.  I'm good.  She's the outcast.  Everybody majority wants to get rid of Michaela. I'm fine with that. At this  point i'd be fine with anybody but myself.  We're checking your temperature.  Oh, yeah?  Well, they said Ciera.  Going enter tribal council tonight is an easy vote. The name Ciera came up.  I'm perfectly fine with that. That's who I’m wanted to go home first.  I'm staying under the shade. I’m feel like my back is baking.  But who does she think is going home? What?  She voting for me?  Yeah.  Really?  Yeah.  Okay.  She's the only one.  She's the only one.  I don't like it.  Who does Sierra think everybody else is voting for? And that fool says me.  Does she think that all nine people are voting for me? Man, why did you all  do that?  She wanted you so we said we agreed.  I reacted in a way I’m shouldn't have. So i'm not trying to let them see how  big Michaela can be, but she can't conTain greatness, so it came out. It is  what it is.  Do you feel okay?  No. Who wants their name...  I know. I’m know. But you know what, honestly, it might change to somebody  else in the course of the afternoon.  Yeah, I’m think it needs to change to someone else in the course of the  afternoon. That would be ideal for Michaela Bradshaw.  Michaela is definitely a tricky one for us as a tribe. She has a bit of a hot  streak, and if you ignite that the wrong way, the whole place is burning  down.  Wow, she's scary, bree. &gt;&gt;for real, that's scary. Michaela is freaking  out.  I figured Michaela would be cool. Like I’m didn't think she would blow up  about it.  Yeah.  People like, that they got to go.  The plan is Ciera is going to go home, but the only issue is the minute they  told Michaela it was going to be Ciera but that we were going to telsey si it  was Michaela, it was a different story.  Are you okay?  I'm good.  Are you sure?  Michaela was pouting, making these faces like she was pissed off.  You all talk about anything since I’m been gone?  When push comes to shove, we could easily take out Ciera some other time. If Michaela  is somebody that we need the take out, we need to take her out quick, fast,  and in a hurry. Take her out quick, fast, and in a hurry.  Jeff: Behind each of you is a torch. Go ahead and grab a torch, dip it in and  get fire. This is part of the ritual at tribal council because in the game  fire represents your life. When your fire is gone, so are you. Tony, when you  have a season called game changers, there's a bit of an expectation.  Yeah, it's a huge difference. I’m thought I’m was going to do my craziness  and this and that. They put the brakes on that real quick. It's not what it  was in cagayan. These are game changers, and i'm like whoa.  Jeff: Malcolm, did you see Tony racing around trying to push the pace?  Literally. We were here for all of ten second, and he said, i'm going for the  item and took off into the woods. I'm sure if I’m find it in the first ten  second, game changer, but there has been an element of we're all really  enjoying ourselves and taking it like a game.  Jeff: Aubry, how big a part do you think impressions from the past will play  in this game?  I think we're all looking at each other saying, okay, this is a person I’m saw  on tv and trying the figure out if that's exactly what we thought they were  or if they might be a little different.  Jeff: Caleb, you're in an unusual situation. Nobody really knows what kind of  player you are strategically because you didn't get a chance to show them.  Yeah, honestly, Jeff, I’m think it can help me because they don't know what  i'm capable of. And I’m can look at the other side, and it may frighten them  a little bit.  Jeff: Michaela, what impression do you think they have of you out of the  gate?  I hope i've made a great impression, but i'm not playing with people that  want to be my best friend, like somebody's got to go. And I’m think it would  be punkish for the first vote on a season called game changers to be too easy  of one.  Jeff: Sandra, that's the kind of answer a very experienced player gives.  Jeff, Michaela has been a pleasure. I’m think the group loves her. I’m care  for her. You know, like from the little time that we have been with her, she  is a pleasure.  Jeff: But saundra, it seems if you were going to make the easy vote, it would  be you, the two-time winner.  Everybody loves me, Jeff, what can I’m tell you? I’m am the perfect person to  go to the end with because who will give me another $1 million? And these  people are playing for the second, the third, the fourth time. How many times  do you have to play to get your million dollars? If you're going to do it, do  it now and do it with Sandra? [laughter]  Jeff: So Varner, what happened today when you got back to camp after the  challenge?  Well, a group took off to the well to discuss what are we going to do, how  are we going to do it. Somebody comes down the way, then you see another  group take off down the beach, and it's like, oh, hell, what's happening now?  Is this what we just talked about? It's very unsettling.  Jeff: So Hali, what will the criteria be for tonight's volt?  I think tonight's vote has two components. We have a challenges weakness  we're concerned about, we want the keep the tribe strong. And then also  people got their feathers ruffled by some talk that went around, and I’m think  loose lips sink ships. I’m think that's part of it, too. Ciera, why the big  reaction?  I wasn't sure what Hali was talking about? Am I’m in the majority? Wait a  second. But i'm still going to go with what I’m believe to be the majority.  Jeff: So Michaela, we're about to vote. Are you nervous that you might be the  mark tonight?  I'll be surprised if I’m get out of here without one vote against me.  Jeff: Sandra, if you had to put a chapter title on these first three day,  what would you call it?  The unknown.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Caleb, you're up.  Bye, felicia.  A queen stays queen and adios.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Michaela. Ciera.  Ciera. That's three votes Ciera. One vote Michaela. Ciera. Four votes Ciera. Ciera.  That's five votes Ciera, one vote Michaela. First person voted out of "Survivor:  Game changers," Ciera. That's six. That's enough. You need to bring me  your torch. Ciera, the tribe has spoken.  Good luck, everyone. Good job.  Jeff: Time for you to go. Well, no matter how much the game of "Survivor"  evolves, one thing always remains true -- blind sides never go out of style.  The only good thing to come out of coming the tribal council, fire in the  form of flint. Grab your torches, head back to camp. Good night.  Jeff, I’m wear glasses now.  Last night's tribal was the smoothest tribal I’m can remember. It was 9-1  unanimous. That's not how it works. Right now everyone is waiting for  somebody to make the first move. I'm bored. I'm tired of just sitting back. I’m  want to get into gear already. This is the part I’m specialize inch I’m want  the jump into action. It's time for me to make some moves. What are your  feelings?  I feel great after last night.  Forget that. That's history.  What are you thinking? I'm willing to work for you.  I need you, because you're a big threat.  And I’m need you because i'm a big threat. How are you with Malcolm?  He seems cool to me. I’m talked to Tony. He's a threat in the game. So am i.  And I’m want the play with people who are threats because I’m think that's  the best thing for me right now.  There's nine of us. Right now we need a majority alliance of five. Me, you,  two.  I think Malcolm.  Three. Caleb for sure. Four. Sandra? All the threats that are around, I’m would  like the keep them around because they're shielding me. So that's exactly  what i'm doing here. Aubry is a big threat for being a strategic beast. Malcolm  and Caleb both huge threats, and Sandra, the biggest threat of any returning  player. You don't win twice by a fluke. Right new it's still peaceful. So we  have the see who is weaker? You know it's going to split up. It ain't going  to be nine, eight strong. In fact, the very next one will be a 5-4, because  these non-winners will not award a winner another win. I’m don't know if you  think that's true, but I’m think it's true.  The only way a winner can win is three winners at the end.  I want the work with Tony. He's a winner. I'm a winner. J.T. Is a winner. We  have to protect each other for a little bit.  We can't start taking out the physical people because we're going to keep  losing.  Me, you, Aubry, Malcolm, Caleb.  If you want me and if we can benefit each other, then i'm in. Tony wants me  in his alliance of five. My game is pretty simple. As long as it's not me, I’m  don't care who goes home, which I’m really don't.  If i'm going to get to the end, i'm not going with somebody that didn't win.  Exactly.  I honestly believe Tony is going to help my game, as long as our interests  line up, there's no end to the damage we can do together. Can do together.  They can tie up the rooster, but the hen can run free. Eventually we have to  let them loose. They have to get used to this being home. They'll stay  together.  Tai and chickens have a history that's sketchy. There's just going to come a  point where those chickens start looking like angus cattle, you know? So we  should not be getting too attached to them.  Now we live with them for a while and we can name them.  Gloria.  That looks like a glra.  Monica is the white one.  She's so cute.  The it will skinny one, okay?  The kitchens become my responsibility, keep them alive. Nobody else would.  I'm the chicken guy. It's a burden but it's a responsibility. I’m don't mind  taking it on.  Corn. You have the share the wealth.  You're telling me don't get all the corn off the cob.  Don't.  We give the chickens more food than we have. Come on, Tai.  Both of us love animal, no doubt about it. I'm a country boy from alabama.  I'm looking out for me and myself, and Tai is looking out for the chickens.  There's a lot of corn here now. I’m think the chickens inevitably will hurt Tai.   We give you enough food. Get off.  In this level of competition, anything can be a reason for someone to get rid  of you.  I'm going to hide the rice33 before he gives that to them. He has to decide  what he's here to do, win a million dollars or marry these chickens.  I came into this game calm and collected. Now I’m have so much energy bottled  up inside of me. It burns me up just to sit down and let everything be quiet,  because in this game, anything can happen. People can change their minds.  People could be lying to you. So I’m have to get some kind of intel. So I’m need  to finish my spy bunker and get control of this game. You know, i'm here for  a reason. I'm a game changer. I'm going to be down there building my bunker  and i'll have all night to do it because they're going to be sleeping. So I’m  started covering myself up with debris to see how it works. While i'm doing  that, I’m see Sandra and Troyzan walking up my way. I’m had the bail out of  it and I’m had to hide.  What do you think is better to go?  I don't know.  What about Tony?  You never know.  I creep up on them, they're talking. Very intense conversation. I'm hearing  my name. People are trying to stir up things. They're trying to plot against  me.  What are you guys doing?  Huh?  What are you guys doing? What's going on?  We were just talking about the plate.  Sandra gives me the biggest lie. So i'm starting to think that Sandra is  against me.  I'm telling you that i'm not stealing and scamming. I’m know i'm a threat. I’m  don't want anything to make my target bigger than it already is. I’m wanted  to stay with her, but the more I’m see her sneaking around doing things, i'm  going to have to put a stop to that.  For some reason there's things in your head.  Right now there's nothing in my head i'm just curious to what the hell is  going on.  I thought I’m had aligned myself with Tony, but he's running around acting  crazy. He wants the look me in the eye like the fuzz, like the popo does,  like they're taught to do. I’m don't want to ever deal with that again. There  is no telling what this dude would do for $1 million. Tony needs to go home.  It seems like the first week or two is always tough. Like first seven days  for me.  Damn right. I’m feel like we're strong.  We are.  Me, too.  I trust you 100%.  I do, too. I’m don't think we need to worry.  I don't either.  I know Ozzy is coming for me, and I’m see that Ozzy and J.T. Seem super  tight, which is not good for me. My whole life right now is hanging on like  by a string. In this game. I’m think they think Cirie the legend jedi mind  trick puppet master is trying to get me. That might be so. It's just not  right now. So I’m have to try to weed out who I’m can play with and who I’m can't.  I’m have to get in with somebody. I’m can't play by myself. I’m don't talk to  you a lot because I’m don't want to make it blatantly obvious, but you know  we're good, we're solid. Only time i'm going to write your name is if i'm not  here and it's for your benefit.  Okay. Same on my part.  I told Cirie i'm good with her. But if someone's going to throw her name out,  i'm going to go with it. Last time I’m played like a cop, look where it got  me? This time i'm playing like a criminal, and we'll see where it gets me. My  word is not my bond in this game this time.  How you feeling?  I'm feeling good about you.  I'm feeling good about you.  100%.  Yeah. I'm like, don't screw me, please don't skew me.  Cirie, i'd never screw you. Cirie is a masterful player. She has this  mystical player that draws you in.  You're a smart person, Zeke. I’m see you talking to these guys, and I’m know  everybody has to talk to everybody, if I’m heard your name, I’m would tell  you.  We're solid, dude.  I wanteding to more than to work with Cirie, but as gaga as I’m am to be  playing with her, Cirie is arguably the most dangerous player here, so my gut  tells me it's too early in the game to align with someone who everyone is  gunning for.  I'm just going to give you a piece of advice like a gift.  Okay.  The impression is that you're talking to everybody.  And everybody talks to everybody.  Okay. But that's cool.  Even though everybody talks to everybody, if they look at you and it looks  like you're talking more than everybody else, then they're going to say  you're scrambling. I’m don't think I’m am. I’m don't fully trust Cirie  because she's feeding me what she thinks is counterintelligence. Hey, Debbie,  i'm doing you a favor, pal. I'm coming to you, and i'm telling you they're  trying to get you out. I’m assessed it, I’m don't buy it. I’m don't know if Cirie  understands what kind of training i've been through. I’m am a capTain in the  civil air patrol, although I’m don't get paid in dollars. I’m get paid in  military training. So it's going to take a lot to outwit me. It's going to  take a lot.  In the event that something happens...  Or we lose you mean?  Well, that's the only something that could happen.  That's right. We have the clarify.  In the event we have to take someone out, I’m think we should go for one of  the guys. The only way that big bold move would be successful is if it was  completely quiet.  I agree. We're cool, girl.  All right.  Yeah. Okay.  All you really have at the end of the day as far as who to trust is your  instinct, your internal radar, your [bleeped] detector, and mine says Cirie  would be on the chopping block if we lost, and she's looking for an opening.  I’m admire it, but my b.s. Detector was eh, eh, eh with what she was telling  me.  You doing laundry?  No, i'm going to wash the pot. So has Tony approached you to join his  alliance of five.  Tony hasn't talked to me the whole time i've been out here. Are you in his  alliance of five?  According to him I’m am. But I’m need you to keep this between me and you,  because we're going to turn the tables on him. I’m don't like what he said,  like he's the boss, and he's not the boss. You know what i'm saying?  Yeah.  I'm done. Tony can't be trusted. I’m think he feels like he can this  whatever, but he's totally confused because this is my game. You know that  saying, you're only the king until the queen arrives? I'm here. Tony told me  that i'm a threat and Aubry is a threat and if we can get Caleb and Malcolm  on board us five can take out the other four. I’m was been to play this game.  It's so natural to me that I’m don't feel like I’m have to put too much  effort. He wants to go forward with five strong people and...  I ain't on that list?  No. I’m have to make sure i'm still here, still on top, still the queen. Tony  is going home and that's it.  So Hali is on our side. I’m think Sandra is easily on our side. And I’m have  a fantastic feeling about Jeff Varner.  That's fine.  Okay.  Sandra put together an alliance of five in just 15 minutes. I’m mean, that's  scary. Sandra knows what she's doing. She's won this game twice for a reason.   It's on, mama. When two winners of "Survivor" go after each other  for another million dollars, it gets ugly fast. And I’m love it. I’m can't  wait the see the fireworks.  How you doing?  I feel like somebody's trying the play me. They're planning something?  Are you working with Sandra?  No. You know what she told me, we're just talking about Michaela, how she moves  the crates close to the fire. Come on, Sandra. I’m wanted to work with Sandra,  but now I’m don't like what's brewing. I’m can feel it. I’m can see it. She's  scheming and scamming. And i'm going to have to put a stop to that. We have  to get strong, me, you, Malcolm and Caleb have to get strong and pull someone  else in, but we have to solidify that. I’m don't mind snakes, but weasels,  not too fond of them. It's time to start getting ruthless.  We haven't talked too much. Obviously you know everybody's going to start  thinking about a majority in this tribe. So we need to think, you know.  No, i'm... My thing is strength, strength, strength, strength, strength.  100%, because they're trying to start trouble. I’m think it's Sandra, so we  got to keep the strong together.  You can't let Sandra mobilize her forces and have them at her beck and call  whenever she wants them because that's how she won the game twice. As far as  allies go, Tony is not my first choice, but he's somebody I’m think I’m can  work with, not because I’m trust him, I’m don't trust him any further than I’m  can throw his big, bald body, but it benefits me to have all the strong  players as long as possible. I’m need calm -- camouflage.  I'm down with the dudes. I’m want to be strong. Sandra's been running around  grabbing different people. She had to grab me. I’m want to move forward.  Sandra is bad news. They get rid of one of us strong guys and the reins go in  their hands and that's no good.  With Sandra and Tony, you can't trust either one, but right now I’m feel like  I’m can trust Tony more than Sandra. Because he's got a big target on his  back, and I’m feel the same way. So we got to try to keep each other safe.  Somebody officially kicked the hornet's nest.  If Sandra can persuade everybody to send out one of the strongest players,  that's idiotic. She's won the game twice. I’m totally get how she does it.  She's got everybody in her pocket immediately.  I know he's a threat, but if Tony goes home, we'll get nicked off one by one.  That's how I’m feel it's going.  Game over.  Playing with Tony is dangerous. But challenges, we got to keep the tribe  strong. It might be a bloodbath later, but for now we got to win. It might be  a bloodbath later, but for now we got to win.  Jeff: Come on in, guys.  Jeff: Nuku getting your first look at the new Mana tribe. Ciera voted out at  the first tribal council.  Knew it.  Jeff: All right. You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yeah.  First things first, take back the idol, Zeke. Thank you. Once again immunity  is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, six members of each tribe are  going the race out into the ocean, across a balance beam, to a cage. You'll  crawl up and over the cage, where you will then untie a very long and very  heavy snake. You'll push it back up over the cage, bring it back the shore,  put the snake in its cradle where the three remaining tribe members will then  untie numbered tiles. You'll use those tiles to solve a combination lock.  That will release a series of rings. You'll then attempt to land those rings  on target. The first tribe to spell "immunity" wins immunity.  Losers tribal council where somebody will be the second person voted out of  this game. In addition, you're playing for reward. Want to know what you're  playing for?  Yes.  Yes.  Yes.  Jeff: Fishing kit.  Oh, wow.  Wow.  Jeff: Everything you need, traps, nets, hand reels, plus a raft with paddles  waiting for you back at camp.  Wow.  Jeff: Nuku, you have one extra member. You're going to sit somebody out. Who  is it going to be?  Cirie.  Cirie going to sit this one out. Everybody else take a minute to strategize. Cirie,  you can take a spot on the bench. All right. Here we go, for immunity and  reward. Survivors ready? Go! Up and over that balance beam first. All the way  to the cage. You can't go over the cage until everybody is there.  Whoa, Nuku, yeah.  Jeff: We're neck and neck right now. Both tribes very even. You can't move  until your slowest swimmer gets there, go, Nuku, go, Mana. Now everybody has  to go up and over. The next step is start untying that snake.  Tony, right underneath you, by the neck.  Get it right, there right there.  Jeff: Varner barking out orderers from the safety of the cage.  Right at your hand. You don't have to go under.  Jeff: The more people under water, faster you will release that snake. Nuku  sending a lot of people at once. Mana not. Nuku already has that snake  released. Mana is struggling to get it untied.  Come on, guys.  Jeff: Caleb now going back in. Nuku now starting to lift that snake. You can  see the effort it takes. This is no joke.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: That snake weighs over 400 pounds. It will take everybody.  One, two, three!  Jeff: Tai, Zeke, Sarah all working together for Nuku.  Good job, guys.  Awesome job!  Yeah!  Jeff: Nuku making a lot of progress now. Mana still trying to untie.  One, two, three.  We got it.  Jeff: Nuku has the snake free. Everybody over.  Go, guys, go!  We got it, we got it, we got it.  Jeff: Mana finally have it free. Can they catch up.  We're still in it.  Jeff: They still have a lot of challenge left. This gives Nuku a big  advantage. They can drag the snake, which is much easier than carrying it.  I don't have the strength, dude.  Do you want me to go up and over? Varner has been useless so far in this  challenge.  Put Caleb on the wall.  Jeff: Somebody give me that handle. Caleb working with Tony. They have the  head of the snake. Nuku continues to pull away. It will take a gigantic  comeback from Mana, but anything can happen in "Survivor." Nuku is  now over the beach and in the water. Nuku heading up the beach. Mana nearly  has their snake clear. You're good. Get over.  Great work, guys. Great work.  Jeff: They're now in the second stage. J.T., Sierra and Debbie untying the  numbered tiles. Mana will have to hustle to get back in this.  Go, go, go go, go, go, go,.  Jeff: Nuku has all six tiles.  Debbie, stay cool.  Jeff: It's going to be Debbie working on the combination lock. Here comes Mana.  Big disaster. Mana loses their snake in the water. Wow.  Let's go, guys.  Jeff: That is a gigantic setback. Debbie has all three pairs of numbers. She  can start working on the combination lock now. Mana has to hoist that snake  back up. And they're back at it again. Hali goes in. Troyzan goes in. This is  what you call a disaster in a "Survivor" challenge. Debbie releases  the combination lock. Start tossing rings.  You got this.  You got it, girl.  Jeff: Sierra lands the first letter for Nuku.  Jeff: We're almost there, guys.  Come on, guys.  Jeff: Troyzan falls. He's got to go back now. Another slowdown for Mana.  There it is, baby.  Jeff: J.T. Scores the second letter. J.T. Snags a third letter. Let's go, Troyzan.  Sierra snags a fourth. Nuku extending their lead. Here comes Mana. Can they  catch up?  Come on, guys.  Jeff: You're going to have to work. Drop it and get out of there. Mana  finally back. It is now Sandra, Michaela and Malcolm, and they're going to  have to work very fast. Sierra and J.T. Have done a nice job with these  rings. They're half-way there, but they are not all the way there, which  means that door is still open for Mana. Malcolm has all six. Move over to the  combination lock. You're looking for three pairs of numbers. This challenge  is still alive. Which is amazing given the lead Nuku had. Sierra snags the  fifth letter for Nuku. They are three away. Malcolm, he's got it. Malcolm now  going to do the tossing, as well. Malcolm has the first letter. J.T. Has the  sixth letter. Malcolm scores the second letter. Suddenly Mana is getting back  in this. Malcolm snags the third letter. It is now 6-3. Malcolm is slowing  closing that gap. Malcolm snags the fourth letter for Mana.  Come on, J.T.  Jeff: Now it is J.T. Feeling the pressure. Malcolm closes what seemed to be  an insurmountable lead. Malcolm snags the fifth for Mana. It is 6-5.  You can do this, Malcolm, come on, wasdy.  Jeff: Malcolm for the sixth. It is tied now 6-6. Now it's on. Malcolm with  the seventh. Just missing.  You got it, J.T. Relax.  Jeff: Nuku thought they had it in the bag. Now worried.  Come on, mall coming.  Slow and steady.  Jeff: Malcolm on and off again. J.T. Snags the seventh for Nuku. Nuku now one  away from winning this challenge.  You need a break or you good?  Michaela biting her lip, wanting in so bad. This toss could do it right here.   Breath, baby, breathe.  Jeff: And he does it. Nuku pulls it out, wins their second challenge in a  row. Wow. That was epic.  You did awesome. We were way behind. You caught up with them.  Jeff: Nuku, congratulations again. Once again nobody going home from your  tribe. You can grab this part of your reward. Your raft will be waiting for  you back at camp. Mana, for the second time if a re, i'll see you tonight at  tribal council. Grab your stuff.  I can't lose every damn challenge and expect to win game changers. So we need  to keep the strong people good at challenges around for as long as possible  or else we're doomed.  All I’m can say is Jeff didn't emphasize how heavy that snake was. I’m mean,  that thing altogether was probably like 600, 700 pounds. That thing was  heavy.  We just fell a little bit short.  I don't like to lose.  No. None of us do.  The challenge today was deplorable. It was so frustrating because I’m am a  strong player. That's the only reason that i'm here. So to be standing there  doing nothing while weaker players lose it again. It pissed me off. But the  other people are making decisions for the group, so I’m guess I’m got to sit  here and deal with it. Guess I’m got to sit here and deal with it.  Tony's got to go. Everybody is going to be happy once Tony is gone.  But he never stops.  I don't think we should let him go off by himself. Because he can find an  idol.  Is maybe we shouldn't go straight up and vote Tony. If he starts running  around looking for that idol, we have to split votes.  At this point i'm almost sure I’m have the numbers the vote out Tony. He's  running around acting like he's the king, so he's got to go. Unfortunately Tony  is good at finding idols, and that makes him dangerous. So we got to split  the vote. We need to grab two more.  Caleb and Malcolm?  Yeah.  Right.  Tony is such a target in this game, and we have a wide-open door right now if  we wanted to go. What if he keeps racking up the idols? We have a opportunity  right now.  To do something right now? And Tony and Aubry are thick as thieves.  They russia they're always going off together.  So let's split votes.  Whose name are you putting down?  I think it should be Aubry.  Sandra is saying they're going to put Aubry's name down. To be honest, i'll  do what I’m have to do to not get voted out, but if Aubry goes home, Sandra  takes control of the game. My back is against the wall. I'm here to win. To  do that I’m have to make big moves. So if Sandra is going home, I’m want the  throne. When I’m set my sights on a target, i'm a heat-seeking missile. The  queen, she's dangerous, bro.  She's a two-time winner.  Everybody says, next week, next week, doesn't happen.  That's somehow she wins. She's like a hyena.  I agree. I’m agree with everything you're saying.  Tony was right. Sandra's convinced everybody that Tony should go. And now  they're trying to get me to be part of it. But I’m don't want to do that,  because when it comes to strong people, when you get rid of one, it exposes  the other, you send Tony home, it's exposing me and Malcolm. But looking at  numbers on who will vote out Sandra, we only have four. So we need one more  person.  Michaela would go with us probably.  They won't see it coming. She's out.  We got to try to do it, man.  So Tony throws out let's try to flip Michaela and it might just work, one  thing about Michaela, she just hates to lose, so maybe she'll be down with  getting rid of the weakest link.  Bang, done. Gone, see you.  I need you. Let's play, let's do this, man.  The only thing i'll say is after a challenge like that, I’m think sending a  strong person home right now is stupid.  I know everyone's gunning for Tony, but I’m want the get further in the game.  I’m want to win challenges.  Me too.  Tony is dangerous, yeah, he should go, do I’m think he should go right now,  he's strong.  I want to win. I’m want this tribe super strong, right? If we lose another  challenge, we're screwed. People that know me know that lose is not in my  everyday vernacular. So to come out here and do it time and time again when  it doesn't have to happen, it doesn't make sense. I’m don't like losing.  That's why i'm here.  I love Sandra, but both challenges she's the weakest woman here, the slowest  woman here.  I know that Tony is a threat, but he can help us win challenges. But Sandra  is useless in just about everything.  I get the whole argument. That was hell. I’m just went through hell. I’m don't  want to do that again without Tony. I'm in heaven, having two winners going  at each other is christmas. And the best part of it is we get to decide which  one is going home.  You're playing with fire. You don't ever play with it. You'll never know you  can get burned, you know.  You happy?  The only reason that i'm hesitant is that the guys. I’m don't know. Tony has  already been eating away at Caleb's brain. That's why he's got to go. There  is a chance it could go south and then I’m end up going home, but let me tell  you something, just because Tony won one doesn't make him a king. No one has  a track record like me. And we're going to put that into perspective tonight  when Tony goes home.  Jeff: All right, Tony, is back-to-back losses, not how you want to start a  season of "Survivor."  Jeff, we went into the challenge feeling strong. We didn't give up. We didn't  slow down. We were all fighting and we're angry that we lost that challenge,  so coming here tonight, we need the stay strong. We need strength in the  game. We go back to the next challenge and we kick some ass.  Jeff: So Malcolm, given that you're 0-2, should the physically strong people  feel safer?  Have to keep the tribe strong. There are different levels to what makes a  strong competitor in terms of what can happen in a challenge, but if we don't  keep physically strong people, we're going to have problems moving forward  for a long, long time.  Jeff: Michaela, what were you thinking during the challenge when Malcolm  threw ring after ring after ring while you did nothing?  I'm just going to say this, i'm physically in this game because i'm a strong  physical player. I’m know that everybody wants to be here and we're all put  here for a reason, but it doesn't make sense to send strong physical players  home right now.  Now i'm getting scared.  Jeff: Sandra, what do you mean we that?  If they're saying a weak player should go, maybe I’m should be afraid, but at  the same time, if you look back, they've put the strongest players in the  right positions and we've still come out behind. So what does it really mean  to be physical right now in this tribe?  Jeff: Troyzan, it's tricky.  Yeah.  Jeff: So if you survive tonight's vote and it goes the way you think it's  going to go, how will this tribe be different?  We will be at least 50% less paranoid. There's just cerTain people that make  people on edge, like do I’m have to wake up at 4:00 a.m. And make sure  someone's not running off doing something crazy? That's nutty.  Jeff: Tony, you were shaking your head.  Because I’m caught him talking to Sandra at 4:00 a.m., so I’m don't know what  he meant being uneasy.  I'm in the sneaking off anywhere.  I caught you sneaking off.  It was a two-second conversation, I’m turn around, and there's Tony, what are  you all talking about. We were talking about the crates in the fire, that was  it, but to Tony, everything is paranoia. I’m don't play like that. I'm calm.  It's just a difference of opinion. Is something in my damn hair. Don't play  with me. Oh, that's huge. [screaming] it's okay. It's all right. Relax. Geez  louise.  Jeff: So Tony, going back to Sandra's point, in your season, everybody knows  you drove a lot of the action, a lot of the decisions, do people look at you  now expecting you to be that guy?  I don't know about the leading part proceeding me, but I’m know about the  lying part and the disloyalty and the dishonesty and the betrayals, and  they're going to believe that because they novi a history of lying, but  that's not the game i'm playing. We all get caught sneaking around, but I’m can  tell everybody right now, I’m have not been scamming nobody.  You know, Jeff, I’m believe him.  Thank you. Thank you, guys.  Jeff: So Varner, you're saying you believe Tony.  I do.  Jeff: And Caleb, you bereave Tony?  Yeah.  Jeff: Malcolm, you are nodding your head.  I didn't think I’m would like Tony. I’m love Tony.  It's perception.  I've seen a Tony that's different than the Tony from cagayan.  I'm not coming outs here cocky or confident because they're a different  caliber of player.  Jeff: So Varner, what is your play right now as we get ready to vote? What do  you do with this many game-changing players?  We are a round hole, and it's time to get rid of our square peg.  Jeff: Wow. Tony, what do you think that means?  I'm not too sure, Jeff.  Jeff, he hopes he's not the square peg.  That's true.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Malcolm, you're up.  Aubry, you're not going home tonight, but I’m still have to cast this vote  just in case, and as far as Tony is concerned, you're the clown that's going  home, and the queen stays queen. Adios.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want the play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Aubry. Tony.  Aubry. Tony. We're tied, two votes Tony, two votes Aubry. Tony. That's three  votes Tony. Tony. That's four votes Tony, two votes Aubry. Second person  voted out of "Survivor: Game changers," Tony. That's five, that's  enough, you need to bring me your torch.  Sheep being led to the slaughter. Good job, Sandra.  That's what you get for plotting against me.  Good job.  That's what you get, and the queen stays queen.  You guys are suckers if you allow that to happen.  That's what you get, take your ass home.  Jeff: Tony, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  Bye, Tony. Say hi to Ciera for me.  Jeff: Well, it's interesting that both votes have been decided by groups, which  means it's only a matter of time before the finger is pointed at you. Gab  your torches, head back to camp.  Thanks for that paranoia.  Jeff: My pleasure. Good night.  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," it's only been six days.  Everybody drop your buffs.  Jeff: But this season the game changes fast. Idols are up for grabs. Animal  instincts kick in.  Is he chasing a goat?  I got it.  I'm hungry, but I’m can't.  Jeff: And the Survivors get ruthless.  I got to take them out. I’m took them out as far as I’m could. Now I’m have  to look for an idol.  I knew coming into the game I’m would have target on my back. I’m knew I’m was  the most vicious player out here. I’m tried to overcome the reputation I’m had  coming into this game, but apparently it got the best of me. As for now Sandra  is the queen. She manipulated everybody to believe I’m was scheming or  scamming. She knows what she's doing. She got me tonight.