<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor," the minority was hopeless.  Good job, everybody.  Six of them are thinking, uh-huh, we got you.  Jeff: And desperate.  I will vote where you want me to.  I'm willing at any moment to throw Brad, Tai and Troyzan under the bus.  Jeff: Until Andrea threw the game off the rails.  What if we got rid of Zeke?  But Michaela and Sarah wanted to keep the majority intact.  I don't like it.  I don't either.  Jeff: At tribal council, the minority voted for one of their own, and Andrea  got her way. Zeke, the tribe has spoken. Nine are left. Who will be voted out  tonight?  What happened? All five of you vote for Zeke? You want the talk about it or  no  that was a blind side right there.  I thought myself, Sarah, Troyzan and Tai were on the bottom and one of us was  going home, but come the find, there was a plan to get rid of Zeke, but  unfortunately we all put Tai down.  All three of you guys wrote me?  Yeah.  So I’m don't know that I’m have Tai anymore.  You doing okay?  Yeah. It was just hard.  He's a great guy, but I’m do think it was the right move.  Tribal council was a heartbreaker for some reason we decided to acquiesce to Andrea.  The majority turning on each other after one vote just means there's nothing  solid in a big group.  They all voted Tai, and he knows it, so maybe there might be a number we need  to pull over.  What is their next one?  We need to break up a pair, entered and Sierra or maybe culpepper.  Okay.  If the pair of Brad and Sierra stay together long enough and that can  convince enough people to come back to that side, we're back in trouble. So  we got to split that up.  The weird feeling losing control in this game and feeling like you're at the  bottom because you have nothing to lose. Sarah has been my closest friend,  not even alliance, friend while being out here, and I’m feel like I’m really  got burned by her, but she might be a key person to get me further in this  game. I’m need to leave that behind us and somehow try to continue to work  together.  I'm about to throw Hali mary up here, and I’m maybe shouldn't.  What?  I found something on the first day, it's called the legacy advantage.  For real? What is that?  It's an immunity idol, but you can only play it at six. But if we can get to  six, it can help us.  Right.  And if not, I’m get to will it to someone, and you're going to get a pretty  present.  What if i'm gone?  Sarah is the first one i've told about my advantage. I’m want to use it as a  way to weasel in there.  I hope you don't have to will it to me. The door is not closed for you.  I swear on everythingly vote where you guys tell me to vote, and i'm willing  to write down anybody's name.  All right.  Entered and Sierra need to be split up. When Sierra told me about this  advantage, it makes me want to keep her now because she's giving me  information, and she wants to work with me. So the door is opening for her to  stay in this game and Brad's game is over.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to today's reward  challenge?  Yeah.  Yes.  Jeff: The winners of today's challenge will have a good old-fashioned  american barbecue.  Oh, yeah.  Jeff: Burgers, hot dogs.  Oh, my God.  Drew: And cupcakes for dessert.  Oh, cupcation.  Jeff: Worth playing for?  Yes.  Yes!  Jeff: There's more. You are also playing for your loved ones.  What? [sobbing]  oh, my God.  Jeff: All right, clearly you are ready for this. You're up. Sarah, who are  you hoping to see?  My husband.  Jeff: Wyatt. Come on out, wyatt.  I missed you so much.  I love you so much.  Jeff: Sarah, tell me about wyatt.  Him and my son are the two most important people in my life. Anyone who has  kids knows it's not easy, and then to have me just completely sucked out of  his life and have to do it 100% on his own, just the support he gives me, I’m  couldn't ask for anything better.  Jeff: Wyatt, did you give her an update on how the son is doing.  Just that he's doing great. He misses her. He says mommy every day, every morning.  We're ready for her to be home.  Jeff: All right. Give him a hug.  Love you, baby.  Okay.  Jeff: Damn, he's sexy, Sarah. All right. Andrea, you're up. Bring mom linda  out. Come on out, linda.  Hi, mommy.  Jeff: Andrea, what is it about your mom that connects you so strongly to her?   I mean, she's just the sweetest, most loving, forgiving mom ever. I’m was  just a troublemaker growing up.  You were fine. She had some hard things that happened in high school, so, you  know, she lost her sister, and so that's... I'm sorry. But it's all because  of your sister that we're really here.  Jeff: Really in  yeah, she really encouraged me to apply. I’m feel like every time I’m come  and play "Survivor," I’m feel more connected to her. I’m just know  she's proud of us and she's just happy that we're still like a loving family.   Oh, yeah.  Jeff: Well, i'm glad you're out here, linda. Give her a hug.  Thanks.  I love you.  Jeff: Aubry, you're up. Who is here?  I think it's my sister carrie.  Jeff: Come on out, carrie.  This is everyone.  Hi, everyone.  Jeff: Aubry, outside of food, in the hierarchy of need, the trust, the love,  the affection your getting right now, there's a bond with siblings that's  unlike any other bond. Can you capture what that is?  I think it's just knowing that that person has seen every single shade of you  and they still unconditionally accept you for who you are. And that means a  lot.  Jeff: Give her a hug. Sierra, you were lucky enough to have a loved one visit  first time you played. It was your dad, and he's back. Dan, come on out. Dan,  come on out. Sierra, this is the first time in 30 days i've seen this body  language where you're at ease. You feel safe.  Yep, this game is so hard. I’m haven't been able to let my guard down for one  minute, and just to have him here, I’m mean, i'm shaking.  I'm really proud of her for playing at such a high level of competition. I’m hope  she can keep thick skinned.  Jeff: What made you say that? Because this is a really great piece of advice  for everybody.  Life is so fragile, and no matter how hard you try to play anything in life,  there's always going to be somebody trying to take you down, and you have to  just be thick skinned and try to climb the mounTain to the top and get there.   Jeff: All right. Give you daughter a last hug.  I love you.  Okay. I’m love you.  Jeff: Michaela, let's get your mom out here. Candy, come on out. [applause]  there she is. [applause] there she is. Michaela, what is it about your mom?  She works hard every single day, and it's just one of those people they do  everything they're supposed to do, but sometimes life knocks you down and you  find yourself in a situation where all you can do is work, and so her just  being able to be somewhere like fiji and enjoy and not worry about how much  stuff costs or who is going to pay for it or what somebody else needs, me  being able to give her this opportunity, that means more to me than anything  else right now.  Jeff: All right. Give her a hug.  I love you.  Love you.  Jeff: Troyzan.  Oh, Troyzan.  Jeff: Now, who are you expecting the see?  My brother todd, but i'm not sure if he made it.  Jeff: Let's find out. It's your bro.  God. I’m can't believe it.  Good the see you.  Jeff: Troyzan, i'm trying to remember if i've ever seen a brother reunion  like this. There's no lack of affection between you guys.  Zero. I’m mean, we've been close since we were this high. And I’m feel more  whole family here. I’m have a big family. There's six of us kids, three boy,  three girls. We're like the Brady bunch. This is peter.  Jeff: We're glad you're out here. Give him a hug.  Thank you. Love you.  Jeff: Tai, you look like you're ready for some love. Who do you want to see?  The love of my life, mark.  Jeff: Mark, come on out.  Ah.  Ah.  How are the cats?  They're really good.  Jeff: Mark, tell me about Tai.  He's an incredible person. He's the best person I’m think i've ever met. He  brings out the best in me, and I’m think I’m do the same for him. And i'm so  lucky to have found him.  Jeff: Give him a hug.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Culpepper.  Go get 'em, buddy.  You have a very unique situation in that you're the only person out here  whose loved one, your wife, has actually played this game.  She has.  Jeff: Monica.  Jeff: Monica. Now, culpepper, anybody who is a "Survivor" fan knows  monica culpepper. But we know her in the "Survivor" world.  She's tougher than me. She's stronger than me. And I’m never realized how  hard it was on you to go all the way. I'm so proud of what you did.  Thank you, sweetie.  Jeff: Give him some last love. One person left, Cirie. You made a giant  sacrifice this time. What was it?  I have three boys at home. The youngest graduated high school while I’m was  here.  Jeff: Shall we get him out here and see how graduation went? Jared, come on  out.  Congratulations.  Jeff: Tell me about your mom, jared?  I'm so lucky. Some of my friends can't even talk to their moms, and me and  her are just like two peas in a pod.  Jeff: Cirie just said something I’m don't think i've ever heard an  18-year-old young man say, which is I’m can top to my mom about anything.  This is typically the time they tell their parents nothing.  No. Jeff, we have a relationship that is like no other. I’m wanted them to be  able to come and tell me anything. We talk about some things I’m might not  even want to share.  Jeff: Jared, give your mom some love.  Love you.  Jeff: All right. Now you know what you're playing for. The loved ones will go  with you and enjoy that barbecue. Here's what you have to do to earn the  loved ones. For today's challenge, you'll with tethered together in groups of  three. On my go, you'll race through a series of obstacles to a table where  you'll untangle braided rope to release a key. That key will open a chestful  of sandbags. You will use them to knock down a series of targets. The first  team to win will go with their loved ones. You'll have a nice barbecue, nice  afternoon. Big stakes. We're going to draw for teams. We'll get started. All  right. We have our three teams. It is culpepper, Aubry and Andrea. Cirie, Troyzan  and Sierra. And Tai, Sarah and Michaela for a barbecue and love. Survivors  ready? Go!  Go, troy!  Jeff: You're going to have to work together to win this challenge. Up and  over that first obstacle. We are dead even. Everybody pushing hard. Now  you're going to crawl. Ciera's out first. Michaela is right behind. Here's  come's Andrea's team. Troyzan is dragging Cirie.  Wait.  Wait.  Hurry up.  Get up.  Get up!  Jeff: Now you got to dig under and get everybody under. 30 days you're  already exhausted. It's that love that's powering you right now. Andrea trying  to squeeze through. Andrea through. Here goes Aubry. Starting to pull ahead. Tai  going to go under now for his team.  Go ahead, you got it. Straighten your leg out.  I can't straighten it.  Jeff: Sierra's leg stuck. Culpepper going the try the shove that body  through. Can he do it? Culpepper is through. Move on. Andrea, Aubry and  culpepper in the lead right now. Now you have to sthufl the pieces on the  table, untangle that rope and release the key. Tai continuing to try to get  through this.  That is nasty.  Jeff: Here goes Cirie coming through.  Squeeze through, ma!  Jeff: Cirie is through.  That's it, Andrea.  Jeff: You got to let that key drop. Once you're fully unbrainded. There you  go, release it.  Let's go, troy!  Jeff: Cull pep, Aubry, Andrea moving on to the sandbags. Unlock that box.  There goes Michaela face first.  Good job, Michaela!  Jeff: She's through. You're good. Troyzan's through. They're both pulling Sierra.  You're good. Michaela, Sarah and Tai trying to get the key. Andrea, Aubry and  culpepper in the lead right now.  Take you time.  Jeff: Culpepper firing now. Culpepper tosses and connects. You got to knock  all the targets off the platform. Culpepper with another big hit. Culpepper  on fire with another hit.  Great job, babe!  Jeff: Culpepper knocks off another two. He's down to three left. One left.  One more!  Jeff: Culpepper, Aubry and Andrea win love and barbecue.  Calm down.  Jeff: Loved one, come on over and join them. You will all share in the  barbecue. All right. Big decision. The three of you, culpepper, Andrea, Aubry,  choose one player and their loved one to join you for this barbecue back at  camp and look already at the pressure.  Brad, please.  Culpepper.  I'd like to go, too.  Jeff: All right, who are you going to choose?  Cirie.  Jeff: Come on over, Cirie. Jared, come join.  I'm sorry.  Jeff: You're sorry you all can't have love  i am because I’m know how they need it.  Jeff: Aubry, Andrea, culpepper, put you through it again, one last person.  Please, y'all, come on.  Jeff: One last person to join you.  Sarah.  Oh, my gosh.  Jeff: Sarah, come on over. Wyatt, come join. Loved one, have to say good-bye  to you. Time to say good-bye. Everybody, grab your stuff, head back to camp,  have a good afternoon.  That was a very, very difficult decision. Michaela was completely defeated,  but mcdonald's very smart, and she knows that this is a game, so we'll give Michaela  a day. She'll get over it, and we'll be back on track.  Burgers are ready.  Hot dogs, too.  And there's steak and sausage.  I never in a million years expected we'd be in a jungle in fiji.  Jared is like his mom. He's not an island boy. He's a city kid. You know,  he's never been anywhere.  When you go to the bathroom.  For sure.  It's huge the see him open to different things. The only thing that would be  better than that is for me to make it to the end and win for him.  So last night one of us is going to go home.  Andrea.  I'm very fortunate that my loved one is a former stud "Survivor"  player. She's a huge resource for me.  She seemed very mad at the challenge that she was chosen. The writing is on  the wall. So be ready for it, as well. She'll flip.  Michaela was angry after she was not selected. So hopefully Troyzan and Sierra  are back at camp trying to convince Michaela to flip and get in alignment  with us. Otherwise I’m have to win immunity for me to be able to make it  another day.  I was really disappointed to not get picked.  I know. Your mom is so cute. So sweet. But you can see who picked who.  You can see where people's loyalties lie. Like i'm a really loyal person, but  maybe people are just taking advantage of that. And they don't even see me in  their plans. I’m was really pissed off at the reward challenge, because they  didn't care about me and my mother. So I’m saw a huge opportunity to move  myself forward in the game. Tai is awesome to work with, because he has no  one.  Maybe this is time to think about who I’m actually connect with and who I’m can  trust, and I’m feel like you could be one of those people for me and I’m could  be one of those people for you.  Exactly. Definitely. No, I’m love it.  You know i'm ride or die with you and Brad.  I know, I’m know.  I'm open to figuring out a way.  Listen, if we get two people, let's just talk. You, me, Brad, Michaela, and Tai.   Would she turn on them?  She's up and down. Hey, if everything works, we are in the majority again.  I don't want to turn my back on Brad and Troyzan, and so i'm hoping that  maybe we can pull Tai back into our mix and maybe have an in with now Michaela,  whom i've never worked with. It's a great opportunity because she's the pivot  person to get upset, feel disrespected and flip. That was emotionally  exhausting.  I'm trying to figure out how to make these last nine days work. And i've  spent a lot of time just being told what to do in this game.  Right.  They told me, like this is going to be our six, this is going to be our six,  and the first vote you vote out someone in the six. That's what Andrea told  us to do.  Oh, really.  Andrea is doing everything.  I'm telling you right now, if any of us in the end are with Andrea, none of  us win.  Yeah.  Right now I’m feel like we are all in agreement on Andrea.  I think she needs to be the next one to go.  Yeah. Plus Brad.  I want you to know now i'm on the exact same page as you, girl, thesame page.   I put Tai and me in a wonderful position. The stars aligned for us. We've got  options. Be with the group that votes Andrea, or be with the group that votes  Brad. And we'll come to that decision whenever it's time to come to that  decision, but at the end of the day, this is about Michaela and what Michaela  is trying to do in this game. &gt;&gt;exciting.  We don't need no steak.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to today's immunity  challenge?  Yeah.  Jeff: First things first, Andrea, we'll take it back. Thank you for meeting  me half way.  Uh-huh.  Jeff: Once again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're  going to balance on a narrow perch while holding a buoy between two handles.  If at any point the buoy drops or you fall off the perch, you're out. Last  person left standing wins immunity, safe at the vote. Losers go the tribal  council. Somebody will be voted out and become the fifth member of our jury.  We'll draw to spots. We'll get to it. All right. Everybody take your spots.  I'm going to count you in. Here we go. Five, four, three, two, one. All  right. Everybody is in a good spot in in -- and this challenge is on. Already  Sarah fighting to balance but recovers quickly. Brand-new "Survivor"  challenge. Somebody here will be the first person to win it. Aubry squirming,  trying to hold on. Aubry drops. Aubry is first out of this challenge. No shot  at immunity. And right behind Aubry, Sierra drops. There's not a lot of  buildup. It will just happen and you're out.  That snuck up on me.  Jeff: These buoys are going to twist and turn a lot on you. It's okay as long  as you keep those handles in that center hole, you're still alive. Culpepper  wobbling a bit. Nice recovery. Sarah starts to wobble and another recovery. Andrea  out of nowhere squirming. Andrea drops. Andrea's out. Sarah with another nice  recovery. Can she hold on. Sarah can't hang on. Sarah drops. Andrea and Sarah  are out. We're now down to five. Cirie squirming. Cirie now pops out. Cirie  is now out. And Troyzan drops. We're down to three. Just like that, in matter  of 30 seconds we lose four people. It is Michaela, culpepper and Tai fighting  for immunity, security at tribal council. We've been out here 18 minutes now.  Michaela has not budged. She's solid. Tai now reajust, still looking solid.  Culpepper squirming. That buoy starting to move, but he's still fighting.  Look at him shaking.  Jeff: This is where the willpower kicks in and the thought of wearing that  necklace, the prize, the security. Tai with more movement on those buoys.  Those handle starting to move. The but we starting to move. Fatigue starting  to hit everybody now. Michaela right on the edge.  She's shaking now.  Jeff: Out of nowhere, Michaela drops. We're dune to two, culpepper and Tai,  side by side for immunity. Culpepper has been struggling with his balance and  has hung in there this entire time. Tai squirming a little more now. You've  been fighting for 32 days. Keep fighting right now. Tai drops. Culpepper wins  individual immunity. Safe tonight at tribal council. Culpepper, come on over.  [applause] culpepper's first individual immunity win in all your time on  "Survivor." you are safe tonight at tribal council. As for  everybody else, somebody going home tonight. Should make for a lot of  scrambling. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. See you tonight at tribal.  Congrats.  Brad won immunity. The whole idea of putting up Brad and Sierra, I’m think Sierra  is in trouble. I’m think Andrea is in trouble, and it's funny because  everybody thinks i'm voting with them. So a couple people going to be blind  sided tonight.  Nice job, Brad.  Good job, Brad.  That's amazing.  That is amazing. I’m struggled the whole time.  Before the challenge, we were planning on taking out Brad. And Brad ends up  winning immunity. So it does kind of limit our choices.  It's Sierra.  Okay.  Is that how you field?  She and Brad we have the break up. The original five say Sierra is the one to  vote off tonight, but Sierra, Brad and Troyzan want the vote Andrea, so i'm  weighing my options. Sierra.  Okay. We have to have the numbers.  We don't need to talk about it.  No.  Right now i'm closest to Michaela. And strategically, both groups want us.  They both need a number.  I'm thinking Andrea.  We're on the same page.  We need to keep numbers in our favor.  It's funny we think the same way.  We're smart. They all try the outsmart us, but when we work together, we're  smart enough to win.  Andrea.  Okay.  Andrea.  So we all just got to act regular. Just don't get scared and pull nothing  funny, because then we'll mess up the numbers.  Michaela and Tai told me that my name is getting thrown around, and i'm  absolutely terrified, but people have gave me their word, and it's myself, Brad,  Troyzan, Tai, and Michaela who are going to vote for Andrea.  Everybody just stick to our plan. We got the numbers.  Nobody do anything stupid.  So i'm hoping people are looking at the picking picture and i'm not the  biggest threat. It's Andrea.  Have you talked to anyone yet?  I talked to Cirie and Andrea briefly. They have the same name, Sierra.  Is that how you feel?  Yeah. I'm good.  Cool. I'm good.  Originally I’m didn't want to vote Sierra out, but Brad won immunity, and if Sierra  goes, it is not all bad because Sierra has told me about this legacy  advantage and that she would will it to me if she leaves. Now the only trick  is, I’m need to confirm that Sierra thinks i'm good with her to ensure that  she gives it to me.  It's us, right?  I love you. You're my it girl out here.  I'm with you.  On a real level.  I don't want to vote her out, but this isn't about making friends. This is  about winning $1 million.  My lips are sealed.  Michaela was like, I’m think she'll do it and Tai, too.  So now according to Sierra, Tai and Michaela might be voting out Andrea,  which is news to me. I’m need them to help me vowt Sierra out, because I’m need  that advantage.  I think we need to get Sierra out. She told me she found a legacy advantage.  Uh-huh. And essentially what it is, is it's an immunity idol. So we got to  get her out.  Initially it was get Andrea because she might win everything. But the fact  that Sierra has an advantage further convolutes what's the best move to make  right now.  Let's get Sierra out because she's got that advantage, so she's got to be the  one to go no matter what.  Tai and I’m need to decide which way to go tonight. Sierra is a good person  to get rid of, but we would like Andrea gone sooner than later. The question  is, is now the best time? It's a great thing when the decision is in your  hand as long as you make the right one, because if you make the wrong one,  you'll end up on the jury looking stupid. One, you'll end up on the jury  looking stupid.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Hali, Ozzy, Debbie, and Zeke  voted out at the last tribal council. So let's start with the loved one  visit. You get to choose two other people to go, but you can only choose two.  Walk me through your decision to choose Cirie and Sarah.  It's such a hard decision. We know how much love means out here. You can  enjoy hanging out with your loved ones, but in the back of your mind, you're  thinking, are there going to be consequences.  Jeff: So Sierra, that leaves you, Michaela, Tai, and Troyzan behind. What  kind of damage can that do in this game?  I mean, well, you have us four, who just happen to be the four who didn't get  to go on the reward last time, so we just got to get closer and figure out if  we want to move forward in the game together or not.  Jeff: Aubry, the game really can turn on emotion. You make one wrong  decision, and somebody doesn't like it or feel good about it, and the game  pivots.  Absolutely, Jeff. I’m think that holds true in every single interaction, not  just a big decision like a loved one, but all those little things can also  add up.  Jeff: Culpepper, will let's talk about the individual immunity, your first  big win on "Survivor."  this helps me, but it doesn't help the four on the bottom. I’m can't are  level in the glory of my first immunity win.  Jeff: Sierra, when you fall out of an immunity chang, are you wanting someone  to win? Are you thinking about the pitch when you go back the camp?  I wasn't concerned with who was going to win. I'm in trouble. I'm still here.  I'm still a vote. I’m think there are bigger people in this game they need to  be worried about.  Like who?  There are people at challenges who are stronger, who go longer than me, you  know? There's Andrea. I’m don't feel like i'm the biggest threat. Hands down.   ?Oo Andrea, singled out.  I get what she's saying that i've won two immunity challenges, so that looks  threatening, but right now there are people that are on the bottom are big  underdog, so if one of them sneaks by and get to the end, they have a good  shot of winning this game.  Jeff: Aubry, both have a point.  Everyone sees Survivor through a cerTain lens. I’m think we're all seeing it  with ourselves at the center, and each of us has to decide what kind of  threat is most threatening to me.  Jeff: Sarah, is it hard to put this season in its spot right now, because it  has been so uneven and unpredictable.  Yeah, just when you think you know what's going on, you seem to not know  what's going on. But we've got a solid group right now. Hopefully we all  stick together. But has the deck reshuffleed?  Jeff: Michaela, can you ever trust anybody who says "we have a  group"? Isn't that often the phrase said before somebody in that we is  blinding sided and realizes, guess I’m wasn't in the "we" after  all.  We is relative to whoever feels like they're the big w at the moment. And  that w can flip upside down and be a me if you ain't watching. So it's just  one of those things. You stick with the we until it's about to turn and bite  you. Then you run.  Jeff: Andrea, maybe the toughest thing about tribal is you can't believe a  single word. So what do you do?  Aye, I’m mean, i've already heard things tonight that have raised a lot of  red flags, but then you're thinking, are they really good and just bluffing?  You have to think about the conversations you had with the people you feel  good about earlier in the day, and just hope that that is sticking true  tonight.  Jeff: Sierra, you were nodding your head at that.  Yeah. The people who took the time to speak to Sierra today, i'm staying true  to what they said, and i'm believing in them, and that's how i'm voting  tonight. But I’m probably have talked to the same people Sierra talked to, so  they're lying to either me or her.  Yep. That's what it is.  Jeff: And Michaela, that is exactly what you were talking about. It's fine as  long as the we is a we and not a me. It's about to become a me for somebody.  It is time to vote. Cirie, you're up.  It's either you or me, girl.  I hope i'm a part of the real we.  I hope i'm a part of the real we.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want the play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Sierra. Andrea.  Sierra. Andrea. We're tied. Two votes Sierra, two votes Andrea. Andrea.  That's three votes Andrea. Sierra. We're tied again, three votes Sierra,  three votes Andrea. Sierra. That's four votes Sierra, three votes Andrea.  12th person voted out and fifth member of our jury, Sierra. You need to bring  me your torch. Sierra, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  Yep.  Privilege, guys. This is the legacy advantage. Now that i'm out, I’m get to  will it to whomever I’m want. It's a very hard decision. I’m hope you didn't  vote for me tonight, but I’m will be giving it to Sarah. She was honest with  me and real with me out here and deserves to win this game, so I’m hope Sarah  gets to use it as six and makes a huge move with it.  Jeff: Well, with eight players left and several seats still open on the jury,  it might be time to prepare for a storm, because it's coming. Grab you  torches. Head back to camp. Good night. Captioning funded by cbs captioned by  media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," tensions are high.  Go fish.  I'm just making sure he's not looking for an idol. I'm not going to kowtow to  some diva's demands.  Forcing Cirie to make a tough decision.  I'm never going to be able to live with myself.  Damn, could I’m pull that off?  It turns everything upside down.  I thought I’m was part of the we. It looks like I’m was not. I’m think I’m was  too comfortable. But I’m came in with guns blazing, gave it hell, and I’m made  it further than I’m thought I’m could. Of course, I’m wanted to go further,  but I’m couldn't be more proud of myself right now.