<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor," Sarah shared her secret the again  an ally.  My advantage is to steal a vote.  And Sierra followed suit.  I found a legacy advantage. And you're going to get a present.  Jeff: But it backfired.  Sarah has to be the one that goes. I’m need that advantage.  Jeff: At tribal council, Sarah's plan worked.  Sierra, the tribe has spoken. And she was willed the legacy advantage.  I will be giving it to Sarah.  Jeff: Eight are left. Who will be voted out tonight?  Put these in hot water or no?  That was one of the weirdest tribals i've ever... It was weird.  She said, "Sierra," and i'm like, what?  Sarah looked confused.  There's little things that Sarah does that kind of raises some question  marks, and this is deafl one of them. Ciera's lied to me before. Maybe it's  time to get someone like Sarah out.  Yeah.  Sarah has been getting her work in with a lot of people. And fine for me. I’m  like to take it to the end and all the people she screwed over sitting right  there to decide who wins.  Last night at tribal, taking out Sierra was good because she told me about  this legacy advantage. She said in the event that she is voted out, she's  going to will it to me. So at tribal council, as her name comes up, I’m look  at her in shock, like, I’m can't believe you're going, and it worked. And Sierra  willed me her advantage. "you have found the legacy advantage. With this  note in your possession, you are guaranteed immonti, but it comes with a  twist. You may only use it once when there are 13 people left in the game or  when there are only six people left in the game. Now I’m have two advantages.  The first one is a steal a vote, which amounts to two votes. And the second one  is the legacy. So this time game changers, i'm shooting for the stars here,  and if I’m had to pick, I’m want Andrea gone. I’m cannot stand the girl.  However, it's got to be the right time.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to today's immunity  challenge?  Yeah.  Yes.  Jeff: First things first, culpepper. I’m have to take back the necklace.  Parting is such sweet sorrow.  Jeff: Once again immunity is become up for grabs. For today's challenge, with  one hand, you're going to steady a balancing board while simultaneously  building a house of cards with the other hand. The first person to build  their house of cards high enough to reach the finish mark wins immoneyty,  safe from the vote. Losers, tribal council where somebody will be the 13th person  voted out and the sixth member of our jury. We'll draw for spots, we'll get  started. All right. Here we go, for immunity. Survivors ready? Go! This is a  "Survivor" classic. Last won by cochran. Set a record. 17 minutes.  My boyfriend.  Jeff: Got a little crush. I’m don't know, Aubry, this could be the beginning  of a little "Survivor" love affair. You break this record, you  might win his heart. Sarah slowly building her stack. Lots of different  strategies out of the gate. All you have to do is get a card high enough to  break that plain of the red finish and immoneyty is yours, security at tribal  council tonight. Without it, you could be in trouble. Andrea off to a fast  start. Michaela off to a quick start. Aubry off to a good start. No sooner  said that, Michaela drops. She has the start over. It is now Aubry and Andrea  neck and neck. Sarah quickly building. Culpepper slow and steady. Andrea  drops, loses everything. It is now Aubry in the lead. That's how fast this  challenge can change hands, and every time you move to reach for a card, you  have to keep your base stable. Culpepper drops. He's got to start over. Sarah  drops. She's got to go back. Aubry taking her time. Michaela right on her  heels. Tai still hovering around the bottom, trying to get something going.  And there it goes. Cirie drops. She's got to start over. Aubry has not  faltered yet in this challenge. She's been perfect. Michaela now quickly back  in this. Chasing Aubry. Who is in the lead. Troyzan is in it now. Michaela  loses everything once again. Aubry has nobody close right now. We're only  five minutes into this challenge. Aubry is on a record pace right now. It  took cochran 17 minutes. Troyzan risky move and loses everything. Troyzan got  to start over. Aubry continues her ascent. Now she's taking cards off. Aubry  did not have enough cards to get to the top. She's going to have to go  backward now and rebuild with a different strategy. Aubry's first mistake in  this challenge opens the door for everybody else. Andrea is now back in this.  Michaela once again very quickly back in this. Once again Michaela loses  everything, will have to rebuild again. It is now Aubry and Andrea. Here  comes the win now. Aubry getting closer. Andrea loses. She's got to restart.  That breeze is picking up. Aubry tried a new strategy. Will it be enough? Aubry  very close. And Aubry has it. Aubry wins individual immunity.  That's a good hug.  Jeff: Safe tonight at tribal council. Will live to see day 34. That was a  record time for this challenge. Did that in six minutes.  No way? Wow.  Jeff: First individual immunity win, guarantees you to see day 34. As for  everybody else, after 33 days, somebody, sadly, going home tonight. Grab your  stuff, head back to camp, see you tonight at tribal. Congrats.  Thanks, Jeff.  For me both Troyzan and Brad have voted for me twice, but Sarah's so good at  pulling people in, she's very crafty. We want the get to her when she's not  expecting it. And I’m think that the next vote would be the perfect time to  do that.  Nice job, all.  Nice job.  Thank you.  All right. I’m need to know how you did it.  How you stacked it.  I want immunity.  That felt really, really good to have a high moment in a 33-day journey where  I’m needed something to kind of start a resume. Now i'm thinking a couple  steps ahead, and Troyzan is someone who is likable, but Brad is physically a  big threat, so the time is nigh for Brad culpepper.  Everybody is going to vote for Brad?  Yeah.  Everybody. So we won't have to talk about it.  I want to do it so we can eat. We ain't going to have no more fish.  Brad is nowhere to be found because he's off in the forest, so I’m volunteer  to go find Brad and kind of just make sure that he's not looking for an idol,  and maybe we should get Brad to go fishing.  Brad?  He's hiding.  Brad, why you running away over here?  What are you hearing?  My only suggestion is go fishing.  Go fishing? What do you mean?  Like go fish and bring back fish at low tide.  You're block mailing me?  No, it's not blackmail, it's a genuine suggestion.  Mcdonald's trying to be a princess and black maiming me into fishing for her.  I'm not going to kowtow to some diva's demands. I'm looking for a way for me  to get back into this game the make it another day.  I'm really conflicted. There something weird about that... The look at tribal  council was weird.  I've been with Sarah since day one. I’m feel like I’m have a great bond with  her, but maybe Sarah is pandering to the jury already. Maybe Sarah is already  pandering to Sierra as she walks out.  Right now it looks like she is playing the game the hardest.  Maybe it's not the time.  I feel like Brad is the next step logically.  Luckily I’m have a little solace tonight. It's really weird to have this  feeling. I’m feel like I’m can see things a little more clearly.  Oh, wow.  I am not acting on that gut feeling with Sarah, because I’m fully believe  it's time to send Brad home.  You feel good about Sarah, right?  She worries me more than anyone else.  I don't think right now we have to worry.  Andrea is trying to work me like i'm a cheap suit, trying to hint around  about Sarah, but I’m need Sarah to stay in order for me to make it further in  the game.  I think we should get Andrea this time while we can. I’m think the reason  it's a must right now is because I’m think her and Aubry might be trying to  do something slick.  Because I’m think they're trying to pit you against me.  I know.  Everything out hire is about timing and when to make a move. So at tribal  council, should Sarah and I’m get rid of Andrea and drop our numbers down, or  keep our five strong and go for Brad, because Brad is just too dangerous to  keep around. He wins challenges. It's a real difficult position to be in, but  timing is key here.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Hali, Ozzy, Debbie, Zeke,  and Sierra voted out at the last tribal council. Aubry, at the last tribal, Sierra  and Andrea felt they were in trouble. Did that signify a slight turning point  in the game where people are a little more willing to at least put a name up  and let them battle it out?  Yeah, I’m think there might be a little bit more of a solid we than we've had  before.  Jeff: Sarah, it's tricky, because you have to account for everybody else's  best move and figure out where you fit within that.  Right. But if you have your support behind you, it ain't broke, what's there  to fix?  Jeff: Troyzan, when you hear Sarah say, if it's not broken, don't mess it up,  what is your move?  You go to the bottom people and say, listen, here I’m am, and if you get me  now, you've got the most loyal person in the planet.  Jeff: Aubry, it's a pretty good argument.  It's a really good argument, but there are still eight people left in this  game, and a lot can happen.  Jeff: Cirie, what was the vibe at camp after today's immunity challenge?  Jeff, it's uncanny that it's so quiet here. There's not the scrammabling that  you see, deal-making conversations. I've never seen anything like this.  Jeff: Andrea, you are nodding your head.  Yeah, there was not really any scrambling going on, or at least no one came  up to me. Then you start the feel uneasy. Why are these people not trying  harder. It's really odd.  Jeff: Culpepper, if you look at the number of players in the game right now,  there is a move. What is yours?  Quite frankly, I’m haven't talked to Andrea, because I’m wrote her name down  twice, but I’m talked to other girls here, but at some point, maybe it will  click, okay, this is chance for me the make my move. I’m have somebody  willing to go with me to the end. I’m don't really know what else to do.  Jeff: Sarah, when it comes to the jury, is your gut that they are going to  respect game play?  This is game changers, and it's about playing the game and playing it hard,  and i've sat over there. It sucks. But at the end of the day, I’m have  rewarded game play, giving credit where credit was due.  Jeff: Aubry, do you agree with that?  I think that a lot of people underestimate the emotions that are involved,  but when you're voted out of the game, the first thing you feel is something  that's human, people aren't robots.  Jeff: Tai, on want hand you have Sarah saying I’m think the jury will reward  great game play, blind sides or not, and Aubry is saying that's crazy, you  blind side someone, your feelings get hurt.  To me the game is personal relationships. I’m think people will reward people  who played the best game, not because they're best friends with them.  Jeff: Andrea, where do you sit on this in.  For this season I’m hope they would award good game play, but I’m think it's  not rubbing salt in the wounds, if you're going to blind side someone but be  their best friend that entire day, that seems a little vicious. And some  people do that. So I’m think it is the manner in which you send those people  off.  Jeff: So big picture it for me, Michaela. Tonight is about what?  Tonight's vote is about advancing your group and keeping yourself as safe as  possible. Without screwing your end game.  But, Jeff, here's an argument against waiting until the end to get rid of  your big we. When you're final five, somebody's going to get got. And your  going to wish when I’m was at seven I’m could have got who got me at five.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Tai, you're up. Tai, you're up.  Let's hope the third time is the charm.  Let's hope the third time is the charm.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes.  Jeff: If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want the play it, now  would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are read, the decision is  final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal councillary  immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Andrea. Brad. Andrea. That's  two votes Andrea. Brad. We're tied, two votes Andrea, two votes Brad. Andrea.  That's three votes Andrea. Andrea. That's four votes Andrea, two votes Brad.  13th person voted out and the sixth member of our jury, Andrea. That's five.  That's enough. You need to bring me your torch.  Good-bye, you guys.  Nice play.  Jeff: Andrea, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Well, even when all  hope seems lost, keep talking, because somebody might the listening. Grab you  torches. Head back to camp. Good night.  It's really frustrating going out on day 33. I’m thought I’m was politician a  better game and a smarter game, and I’m thought that I’m had some real  relationship, but it's "Survivor." you can't really trust anyone.  The only plan I’m was aware of.  Fun and game, isn't it?  It was a good play.  We sent Andrea to the jury, but we still have a lot of people in this game  that need to go. And although Aubry is in our group, I’m can't trust her that  much.  Pretty standard day for me in "Survivor." really felt great at the  immunity challenge winning. Never happened before. And I’m had a good  relationship with Andrea. So naturally she's going to get killed off, too.  Just my pattern in "Survivor" seems to be really highly classified  high highs and really low lows.  I love you, you know that.  I love you.  What was really bizarre, Tai runs right to Aubry's side. Tai was like Aubry's  husband. He was consoling her more than anybody else, which was kind of weird  to me.  You're an amazing player. You know what to do.  Tai works people, and he works on their emotional side. So the way he is  moving around with Aubry lets me know that they're some kind of pair  happening there. They're some kind of pair happening there.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. First things first, Aubry, I’m got to take  it back. Spin and grin. Just win it again.  Thanks, Jeff.  Jeff: Once again immoneyty is back up for grabs. For today's challenge,  you'll be perched on top of a pole in the ocean. On my go, you'll use a  bucket to retrieve water. You will pour that water down a chute raising a  key. Once you have the key, swim back the shore, use that key to unlock a  bundle of puzzle pieces. You will then use those pieces to solve a block plus  l. First to finish wins immunity, safe at tribal council. Losers, somebody  will become the 14th person voted out and the seventh member of our jury.  We'll draw for spots. We'll get started.  Oh, why do I’m keep doing this.  Jeff: All right. Here we go. For immunity, Survivors ready? Go! That bucket  has holes in it, so that water will start leaking out, the second you start  pulling it up. You're trying to pour it into that chute to lift that key  closer. Michaela getting a lot of water in her chute, and that key is rising.  There's Troyzan doing a nice job.  The bucket is stuck.  Jeff: Aubry now getting a lot of water in her chute. That key starting to  move. Michaela with more water. That key getting very close. Once you can  reach it, you can grab it. Michaela has enough water. She can reach for the  key. Mcdonald's in the -- Michaela is in the water. Troyzan is in the water.  He's got his key. Cirie having to climb back down to unhook her bucket, which  is tied up now in the ladder. Aubry has enough water. She can reach her key.  Culpepper's got his key. It is still Sarah and Tai working for their keys and  Cirie just working to get back up to get a shot at her key. Michaela is first  back. Here comes Troyzan. Aubry is out of the water. Here comes culpepper. Tai  has his key. We got four people in this right now. We got to free up all  those pieces. Michaela now starting to work on her puzzle. Culpepper working  on the puzzle. Sarah has her key. Cirie has her key. Is she going to jump or  climb? Do it, Cirie! Cirie heading back now. Sarah has her pieces unlocked.  Anybody can win this challenge at this point. Despite it taking a long time  for some people to get back. Everybody is in it. Sarah making some progress.  Here comes Cirie, last to get to her puzzle pieces. Tai adds another piece.  The puzzle starting to come together now. All of a sudden you start the see  that pattern. You me what it is. Now it's just matter of finding the right  pieces in a very complicated design structurally. Sarah making some nice  progress with her puzzle. Tai making some progress. Culpepper and Aubry both  working methodically. Cirie with her first piece. Sarah getting closer. Sarah  down to two pieces left if she's right it would be her first individual win. Sarah  not sure. Something is in the right. That opens the door for somebody else to  sneak in. Tai down the a few pieces left. Not only is this puzzle difficult,  but you're on 35 days of "Survivor." nobody's mind is anywhere  close to 100%. Sarah now rebuilding. Going the try something different.  Culpepper is making some progress. Tai now taking pieces apart. People feel  like they're close and then realize they aren't. Culpepper down to his last  piece, but there's a hole he can't fill. Now culpepper has to take everything  apart. Michaela has figured out what she thinks is wrong. Michaela is racing  to the finish  Jeff, this is it.  Jeff: Thinks she has it.  Jeff: Michaela is not right, and kicks the puzzle, which always helps.  Culpepper has been rebuilding his. Culpepper very close. Does he have it  right? Culpepper thinks he has it. You seem pretty cerTain. Culpepper wins individual  immunity. Wow. That went together fast. Culpepper guaranteed a spot in the  final six.  Damn right! Damn right!  Jeff: Got a little emotion going.  Pick somebody else, people.  Drew: You clearly felt in trouble.  Clearly.  Jeff: Culpepper, come on over. Second win, clearly based on the emotion came  at a big time. Culpepper safe tonight at tribal council, can't be voted out.  After 35 days, somebody going home. Grab your stuff, head back to camp, see  you tonight at tribal. Congrats.  Brad is safe. So now we have to recalculate what our next move is going to  be. And i'm ready to take out somebody that is a threat to me.  So at the immunity challenge, Brad culpepper wins. So i'm going to tribal  with my idol. If I’m feel like i'm in trouble, i'll play it. If I’m feel like  i'm in trouble, i'll play it.  Look at the people who you think have made the moves in the game. You're  sitting on the jury.  I'd say Sarah.  Sarah.  I'm starting the feel I’m better show the jury some big moves. Sarah is a big  one. It's scary time, big boy time. And little Tai needs to gain confidence.  And I’m know she's your friend.  I think Tai has been drinking the kool-aid that he needs to make a move in  this game, but if I’m want to make a big move for my resume, in I’m don't get  Tai out of here before he gets me out of here, my game is over anyway.  Tai sees Sarah as a friend.  Something is telling me that Tai wants to vote you.  You don't think she's lying?  I don't.  For whatever reason, Cirie wants to believe Aubry in everything that's coming  out of Aubry's mouth.  I believe Tai over Aubry, I’m really do, and you know what, this is what i'll  do. I’m will give you my advantage, because if I’m get voted out, then at  least you've got it.  So i'm going to give Cirie the advantage of steal a vote to hold on to. This  way if this doesn't scream loyal, I’m don't know what does.  If we all come back here and nothing went wrong, i'll just give it back to  you and I’m will never question your judgment again.  Yes, yes.  Sarah's so confident in Tai that I’m can't even get her to use her own  advantage, so she wants to give it to me because she's that confident, but do  I’m play it tonight and save Sarah and risk Sarah being pissed off at me? I'm  from the old school. If you got it, play it. So i'm going to use it, believe  that. She going to give me the advantage, because that's how much she  believes in Tai. I’m told her cool.  Sarah is confused. If she's wrong about Tai, it doesn't just screw up her  game, it screws up my game and Cirie's game.  Once I’m get her advantage and that's played, she'll see. Me, you, Aubry. I'm  going the take Sarah's vote away. Because Sarah's going to vote for Aubry.  Once I’m take her vote. That gives me her vote and my vote. So they're going  to only have three votes. It's going to be Brad, Troyzan and Tai, so it will  be three on three. We have to take Sarah's vote.  I have to, to keep her in the game. The advantage is you can steal a person's  vote and utilize that for yourself, which gives you basically an extra vote,  however, once I’m do that, whoever we voted for now after that has the option  to play an idol if they have it. And I’m think probably Tai has an idol. I’m need  to get Tai comfortable enough to trust me. I’m may be able to tell Tai about  the advantage, and i'm willing to use this to save him that they try to pull  fast one on him, but I’m don't know if he would believe that. Damn. Could I’m  pull that off?  This is putting me at risk. This could get me voted out if I’m tell you. So  if I’m tell you this and you tell people and get me voted out, i'm never  going to be able to live with myself. This is what I’m want to do. I’m have  an advantage. They think that they're going to get you out tonight, and I’m think  if I’m use my advantage, I’m got to use it when Jeff says let's get to the  votes. I’m have to say stop, Jeff, and I’m get to take away a vote from them  and i'm going to save you with this vote...  But nobody is targeting me. Everybody is targeting Aubry.  That's what they're telling you, Tai.  This is crazy. You just turned everything upside down. Cirie just said she  has an advantage, that she can take someone's vote out and she can use that  vote because everybody is targeting me right now, which is completely took me  by surprise. Can I’m bereave -- believe you?  When you see me stand up and play that advantage, you still can't believe me?   Is there any reason why she would lie to me? Why would she make up this weird  thing? I’m am completely freaking out. Can I’m use my idol? Maybe I’m should.  I’m have two to play with. I’m don't know. I'm terrified inside.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Hali, Ozzy, Debbie, Zeke, Sierra,  and Andrea voted out at the last tribal council. Sarah, what happened when  you guys got back the camp? Can't vote out culpepper. There's only six other  people.  There was a lot of sneaking around going on, a lot of lies being told. I’m know  for me I’m had to get to the bottom of who is telling me the truth and who is  not telling me the truth. We'll find out if i'm right or not.  Jeff: Cirie, is this public knowledge or are these things happening in little  private pockets?  It's both. There's several lies being told. There's several untruth stories  going around. And I’m think tonight is going to show where the deception is  coming from.  Jeff: Culpepper, did you feel the same way that there were a lot of lies,  because not everything can be true?  Absolutely. You expect the lie, and then you try the piece out the truth in  the lies.  I don't think everybody's lying to everybody. I’m think there are a couple  people in this group who get caught in lies, and the problem is sometimes  when you start telling the truth, people remember you from your past.  Jeff: Tai, the game is about deception. How do you determine when to trust  somebody that you know is deceiving you because you now know they were and  you can come together?  I automatically give people the benefit of the doubt first. I'm scared, lake  all this layering, I’m hope i'm on the right vote tonight.  Jeff: Troyzan, it sounds like fear is what is leading this group.  If you say too much, people always use it against you, and even when you do  something good for someone, the favor is rarely returned. So my hope is I’m stay  and get into a position where I’m have more control of what my game is going  to be like.  Jeff: So Michaela, which is more likely to happen after tonight's vote, that  the deck will be once again reshuffled and it's a new game, or will the deck  start to stay intact?  I think that before we vote, people need to decide what's best. Is now the  time to try the make a big move? So you can have a name and risk going home  next time, or is now the time to be happy for what you have, play for a we  and get to the end of this game?  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote.  Jeff, I’m just have to say that there is a rat in this group, and the person  that I’m save by exposing this rat will thank me tomorrow when they wake up  here on day 36. So I’m would like the use this advantage, and this advantage  will allow me to take away someone's vote and utilize that vote for myself,  including my vote. So I’m am going to steal Sarah's vote.  Well, actually, that's my advantage, and i'm letting Cirie hold on to it, and  it says it can't be stolen from me.  It wasn't stolen, it was given to me.  It's non-transferable, it says it on the bottom.  Cirie, why don't you read the advantage and the rules that go with it.  It says, you found an advantage in this game, you now have the right to steal  a vote from someone at tribal council. You will then cast a second vote using  that piece of parchment. This is non-transferable and cannot be stolen from you.   Jeff: Cirie, the key word in there is non-transferable.  So she can't give it to me?  She can give it to you as a sign of trust, but she can't give it to you to  use. Sarah is the only person who can use that advantage.  Can I’m have that?  Jeff: So Cirie, things are crazy now, because your intention was revealed but  you don't have the power to make the move. Didn't read the rules. So what are  you feeling right now?  I feel that i... Let me just tell Sarah something.  I feel that i... Let me just tell Sarah something.  I was going the vote out Tai, you can ask Michaela if you think i'm lying.  No, back, back. Back up.  What the hell for?  I'm not going to back up.  No, no. No.  Move. Slide to the side. Slide to the side. No, I’m asked you 22 times.  I have not lied to you yet. I’m was going the save you because you weren't  listening to me.  Sarah, don't buy it. I'm trying to tell you, you got to listen to me. It's  out in the open.  You know, what Jeff, i'm going the use my advantage.  Jeff: All right. So whose vote are you going to steal?  I'm going the take Tai's.  Jeff: All right. So what this means is Tai, you will not vote, and Sarah,  when you go up to vote, you will vote twice with the piece of parchment that  is up there and with the extra vote you have.  Good. I'm ready to vote.  Jeff: Another crazy, unpredictable tribal council. Time to vote. Culpepper,  you're up.  I should have read the fine print.  I hope you go home today. You just caused way too much drama for me. You just  caused way too much drama for me.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want the play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. Person votessed out will be asked the leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Tai. Tai.  That's two votes Tai. Aubry. Michaela. Two votes Tai, one vote Aubry, one  vote Michaela. Michaela. That's two votes Michaela, two votes Tai, one vote Aubry.  Michaela. That's three votes Michaela, two votes Tai, one vote Aubry, one  vote left. 14th person voted out and the seventh member of our jury, Michaela.  You need to bring me your torch.  I don't see how that made sense, Sarah, but do you. Good luck the rest of you  all.  Jeff: Michaela, the tribe has spoken.  Jeff: Michaela, the tribe has spoken.  Jeff:well, tonight's tribal c game changer, and with only six players and  four days left and very little trust, I’m can't wait to see how it finishes.  Grab you torch, head back to camp, good night. Captioned by media access  group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," the final six and the biggest  game-changing move of the season.  I got no problem putting him out with his own idol.  Your destiny is in my hands.  I lost control.  Jeff: It's the two-hour season finale.  I'm kind of bummed. I'm excited to made it to day 35. It's a compliment to be  voted off because people think they can't beat you. Don't hurt my feelings. I’m  wanted to win a million dollars. Maybe I’m have to come back and  play a third time to get to the end.