<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor"... Go! 20 of the biggest game change  centers "Survivor" history were battling it out. The Mana tribe was  on a losing streak. Nuku wins their second challenge in a row. Facing tribal  council, it was a battle between "Survivor" royalty. And only one  could keep their crown.  You know that saying, "you're only the king until the queen arrives? I'm  here.  Jeff: At tribal council, nobility took a back seat.  To Tony everything is paranoia.  Jeff: As Sandra slayed her nemesis and kept her title.  That's what you get for plotting against me.  Good job.  That's what you get, and the queen stays queen.  Jeff: Tony, the tribe has spoken.  Jeff: Can Sandra keep her empire intact? 18 are left. Who will be voted out  tonight? Come on in, guys. Nuku getting your first look at the new Mana  tribe. Tony voted out at the last tribal council.  Wow.  I can't believe it.  Jeff: All right. Let's see how savvy you guys are as a group. What's  happening?  We're about to swap.  Jeff: You're right. Everybody drop your buffs.  Wow.  Bye, baby.  I was leading the sheep to slaughter, so I’m am in a good spot with manback  but now there's a swap, and I’m hope i'm on the right side with the strongest  people.  Jeff: Shall we get to it?  Yeah.  Jeff: Here we go.  Oh, my gosh, my heart is pounding.  Mine is, too. I'm going to have a heart attack.  Jeff: Michaela doesn't even want to look. Hali. Sierra, Cirie, J.T. Closes  his eyes. Nobody is looking. Zeke.  The Gods chose for me.  Jeff: All right. Everybody reveal. Your new tribes. Hold 'em up once you get  it, put 'em on.  Oh, boy.  Oh, my gosh.  I'm green?  Jeff: For those of you who drew a green buff, you are now realizing we are  changing from two tribes to three tribes.  You're starting over.  Jeff: If you are green, take a spot in the middle. You are on a brand-new  tribe.  Welcome.  Jeff: Just like that, everything is a mix.  I'm Michaela.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: All right. Let's look at our new tribes. Mana, Caleb, immediately you  and Hali are a little bit on the wrong side of the numbers as the only two  from Mana.  Yeah.  Jeff: Tai, what's it like to be reunited with Caleb? The last time you were  with Caleb was as he got on a helicopter and was being evacuated fighting for  his life.  It's wonderful to see him all good. I'm still looking for that kiss.  Do it, do it!  Right here.  There. Now I’m got it.  Jeff: All right. Let's look at the new Nuku tribe. J.T., you're the only guy  from your old tribe. You're with five people from Mana. Historically in  "Survivor," that would put you on the wrong side of the numbers.  There's always a bad side of things, but it always ends up good. We'll be all  right.  Jeff: And now let's go to the brand-new tribe. Green, your name is Tavua. Troyzan,  much like J.T., you're the only guy from your former tribe mixed with five  from Nuku. Is this a bad thing, or is it unknown?  At first it's bad because it's five and one, but I’m have the look for the  silver lining somewhere.  Jeff: Here's a map, Tavua, to your home, and a flint to get you started. To  be clear, you're going back to a new camp. You'll have the same original  supplies that you started the game with. Basic fishing gear, a pot, machete,  and a tiny portion of rice. You'll have to build a new shelter. You are  starting over. But the advantage that all of you have is having played before,  you know that at this moment anything is still possible. Grab your stuff.  Head back to camp. Good luck.  With game changers, the game changes fast, but whatever i'm dealt with, i'm  going to make the best of it. It's an exciting time I’m think. I’m love it. I'm  ready to go.  The chickens are loose. They don't feel like they're running away. They can  clean up around camp. They're pretty trained.  They're trained chickens?  You walk into the Nuku camp after spending six, seven days at Mana where we  didn't get the chickens and toolkit, it's shocking. I’m couldn't pick my jaw  up off the floor. Look at all of this. How does this happen?  The ball.  The trees have balls.  They decorated the damn trees. It's the "Survivor" jackpot. It's  like going to a resort. Everything is already built. They have a bunch of  food they didn't take with them. The chickens are walking around free like  they own the place. They have an awesome shelter and they decorated. That's  how well it's going on in this tribe. They've taken the time to hang damn  ornaments in the trees like we're at some dinner parlor in mexico.  I feel like we've run a reward. I'm speechless. I’m think i've said three  words since i've been here. I'm kind of happy about this swap. I’m didn't  expect i'd be swapped out 5 to 1, but i'll take it. I’m feel like the "Survivor"  Gods really let me down. 5 to 1 is about as bad as I’m can hope for. In all  likelihood i'm a sitting duck. The only thing at this point that can save me  would be a hidden immunity idol. I’m have to do everything I’m can to stir  things up here. I’m got to take you all out snorkeling?  Yeah.  In the back of my mind, if I’m can get them out there in the ocean, I’m can  get back the camp and start looking for an idol.  Geez, louise, this is gorgeous.  There must be some fishing going on over here.  Wow. Beautiful. I’m get everyone on the raft, I’m drag them out to sea a good  half mile. We snorkel a little bit. Get 'em started fishing. And finally that  opportunity presents itself when Malcolm bends the spear.  That's like one hit on the coral.  Yeah.  Did you lose another one or just one?  No, just the one fell off, like clean off.  You know what we really need, we really need the pliers.  I feel bad.  Yeah, I’m know.  I'll go back and get the pliers. You all just enjoy this good time out here  on the ocean. I'll be right back.  Isn't this weird J.T. Is in the here? We kind of raided their camp and  hijacked it for the day.  I came to get the pliers. I’m novi to be back soon. I’m have to take every  second I’m can to look. I'm looking in every nook, every tree, every corner,  every spot, every hole in a tree, up in the trees.  What does he think he's doing?  I know.  What are you doing, buddy?  He might know where the idol is.  He might know. He high know something.  He might be up there saving his ass.  We sat out there on that raft. He doesn't take that long. What's he doing?  I'm thinking, he's looking for an idol. What a great way to get rid of the  five people that might take you down. Brilliant.  Pretty much.  Nope. Idolless. I'm just frantically looking everywhere. Nope. It's never  over until it's over. I'm not giving up. And they probably know i'm looking  for an idol. I’m took them as far out in the ocean as I’m could, and I’m left  the pliers on purpose. My job is to keep looking. That's all I’m can do.  He totally left us out here. He left us. That's literally what happened.  He's dangerous. I’m know exactly what he's doing. If J.T.'s out looking for  an idol. Good for J.T. It just doesn't matter. We have the majority, 5-1, so J.T.  Is screwed.  All right, guys. We're going the make this house a home.  Oh, he's an interior designer.  This is my new home, so I’m start thinking, let me make this house a home. I’m  love antiquing and I’m like to decorate. Monica and I’m spend a lot of... We  decorate our own house. We'll make this a home now.  Yeah, Brad.  I relax as i'm doing that. It gives me something to think about.  Awesome. Awesome, Brad.  We're here, meager supplies, meager food, in an unbelievable game, difficult,  but i'm having a lot of fun because it's 4-2, and i'm thinking, i'm in good  shape. The four of us in Nuku are going the stay together. It's going to come  down to Hali or Caleb.  Hali, I’m feel so much better being around these people.  Oh, thank you.  I really do.  Really? Good.  I like you all a lot.  We have to play it like we're one big happy family. Caleb and I’m are at the  bottom numbers-wise.  It's so different the second time. We're not naive.  Caleb and Tai could get back together and put a big target on their back. So  all of a sudden i'm maybe not the most obvious target.  I feel good with you here. The tribe is really strong.  We should keep Caleb because he's going to help with challenges. Seriously, I’m  would change Debbie for Caleb.  She seems to be loyal.  You think so in.  I'm not talking about over Caleb. I'm talking about Caleb. I’m mean, Caleb  after Debbie.  It's up to us.  All right. Good. We're on the same page.  Truthfully, I’m wouldn't mind getting rid of Caleb first.  What? Stop it.  Caleb, Debbie and Tai played together on "Survivor." i'm trying to  bring Tai and Debbie closer to me than anybody else.  How you doing? We good?  Huh? Good?  Yeah, yeah.  Wait, wait. I’m just talked to Brad. I’m haven't talked to Sierra yet. I’m say  i'd rather you with us because you would be a lot stronger to help with challenges.  I’m think that's going to happen.  Tai andry back together again. It's a great feeling because we just have  really good, close friendship. I’m hope we can continue what we had before.  Do you work with any other people on our other tribe?  Jeff and Malcolm. No one else.  All right. Let's have that as an option. The plan is to vote off Hali and Caleb.  I’m know I’m crossed the line, but I’m this want the play with Caleb. We have  a relationship with before. We have a pretty big relationship. But this is  exactly what happened last time. I'm put in a position to betray my friends,  but I’m protect my buddy, I’m have to betray Brad. So i'm weighing the risks.  Either way it's going to hurt.  Allight. Our new home.  Home sweet home.  Welcome.  Oh, thank you, guys. It's actually kind of nice because i've got a bunch  of... I’m have a chaotic tribe. We get up to camp and there's nothing but  fishing gear and a meager amount of rice, a pot and a machete. You know it's  congenial. We're trying to be nice to Troyzan. I'm sure he feels like he's on  the outs because for all intents and purposes he is.  We might have a slightly worse camp than our old camp. We have more coconuts.  We have more palm fronds for shelter. So that's nice.  We got to start from the beginning, and i've got to take the lead because I’m  got like 115 days on "Survivor" more or less. This is a post. I’m am  one of the veterans in this game. I’m have played this four times now. And  this is a chance to let my tribe know that I’m still got the skills and that  they can't get rid of me yet.  We're safe, right?  Absolutely.  We're good?  We're good.  I wasn't on the right side of the numbers in the old Nuku tribe, and I’m think  Ozzy is still a little skittish of me, but i'm trying to cultivate a  relationship with him, so I’m need the take advantage of this new start. I'm  hoping that will help me later on down the line.  How are you feeling?  I feel good. We got numbers.  Hell, yeah.  I feel great.  On the original Nuku tribe, I’m didn't have a strong alliance with Cirie, but  here we need each other, so this is a crucial time for me to build trust. If  we do, Troyzan can be an easy first one to go.  To Andrea, I’m have the flag?  No, you don't.  I don't?  Troyzan is a super cool guy, but it's "Survivor" and it's a numbers  game. So we have to make him feel comfortable. Well, I’m don't know all the  relationships.  Right.  Someone might have other ideas.  I just want the say at least hello.  I know, I’m know, of course.  Andrea, come on, she acts like she's my buddy, but she's a little devil that  one. She just... I’m know she's playing a game. She's not as clever I’m think  as she thinks she is.  I'm going to probably take this up because i'm burning.  Okay. I'm going to go get water.  Come on. I'm 54 years old. I'm the oldest guy out here. But my intuition is  good. And I’m feel like I’m learned so much from one world. I’m found an idol  then when I’m had to find one. I’m won immunity when I’m had to and changed  the game. So this time I’m will not let any stone be unturned. I'm going to  start to at least look for the idol.  We really do have to watch him.  Yeah.  Because we don't want him getting an idol.  No.  He's smart enough to know that we're all watching him.  Yeah.  He's not going to go for a long time.  Wow. I’m thought I’m lost my life for a second there. Thank God. Okay.  Congratulations. You have found a clue to a hidden immunity idol, but it will  require you to be daring. I'm that. You do not have to be a puzzle solver in  order to nab it. Thank you. Your next immunity challenge, if you are bold  enough to risk making a game-changing move in front of your unsuspecting  tribe mates and immonti is yours and it will be -- at the next immunity  challenge, it's going to be crazy. It's going to be hugely difficult because  I’m have two things to think about, winning a super tough game-changing  challenge, plus I’m also have to find the hidden immunity idol in front of  everybody. I’m have to figure it out. But if I’m can do it, it's a complete  180. Troyzan's back. I’m think.  There are goats everywhere here. I’m can get probably 20 yards from them.  Would you be willing to get one?  If you're hungry enough we can. I’m told them we couldn't catch it, but we  can. Sandra said she'd love a goat. I’m could probably catch one for you.  And there goes one of the goats right there, a gray and white one. That's our  meal right there. Oh, they're like right there.  There's at least six. I've seen six.  I don't really want the catch and eat a goat, but first thing I’m need to do  is keep myself safe. If I’m can feed Sandra and make her happy, I’m think Sandra  will probably love me to death, and that will probably keep me safer in this  game.  There they are right there. See that black and white one.  He's coming, Malcolm.  Malcolm! We can catch 'em by hand.  How?  Is he chasing a goat?  I got it.  Okay. Give me that. [goat crying]  be careful with the horns.  I'll get rope. Malcolm, stay with him. Grab them back legs or something.  You got it?  Catching a goat was never on my bucket list. We pick it up and start heading  back the camp and realize the only reason we caught it was because it was  mama get and it didn't want the run away from its babies, so we don't have a  choice we won't kill him because we have a conscience. We have to eat, but I’m  have to be very careful what I’m say to Sandra. She desperately wants to eat  the goat. There is no need the make enemies or caused angst in this camp.  Don't get too attached because this is going to be our meal.  The baby?  Sandra don't care about killing these goats. In her mind it's just food. She  was a villain for a reason.  I was so... It's a mommy goat?  So sad.  I don't see anything wrong with killing and eating a goat. That's what  they're here, for for human consumption.  She's not going nowhere with that mama. We're going to let her go.  You mean let the baby go.  She'll stay with the mama no matter what.  Everyone wants the add their two crepts in. I’m got to get everybody to do it  as a group because that's the plan to, catch it, to catch something and kill  it.  I can't hardly eat either one of them.  What you mean?  A baby and a mama.  It is the goat version of bambi right now.  I didn't expect the catch a gate this quick. There's in way i'm going to kill  that mama goat and her baby. I’m can't do it.  If I’m can catch one that don't have a baby.  You want to see if we can catch a male and let these two goat.  Let's take a vote.  Sandra wants to eat a goat. She's running the show, but, you know, i'd rather  let these goat goss. See if we can catch another random goat that's not a  mama or a baby. I'm going to try my best to save the goat.  Your thoughts?  I'm hungry. But I’m can't.  You don't want to have any part of it?  That's how I’m feel.  Okay.  What about you?  I don't know how to kill it, but i'll help you clean it, clean the carcass.  You can tell who is for it and who is against it immediately. Sandra doesn't  give a damn, which is just Sandra's m.o. About life i've started to realize.  But everybody else starts talking it through and no one wants to be the  "Survivor" that abandoned a baby goat motherless to the wild.  My heart wants to let them go.  Mine, too. I’m felt bad the moment I’m put it in my hands.  Right now, we have four chickens. We got chickens right there, and those are  meant to eat, you know? And so I’m don't see how it makes sense.  There's all this meat around. We're not eating any of it. It's crazy.  Amen to that.  So you're all down with eating a chicken?  J.T., we're eating a chicken.  This is an easy decision because we have a heart. We're not going to kill  either of the goats. So we ended up letting the goats go.  Go ahead, untie her and let her go with her baby. Bye, mama.  That initial surge of adrenaline and you mouthwatering slows down a lot when  you think about abandoning a little baby goat. So it made sense, like in our  hearts to let it go.  They're calling for each other. That's sweet.  And it's going to be much better for this tribe moving forward.  There they go.  There they go.  Jeff: Come on in, guys.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to your first  immunity challenge as a new tribe?  Yeah.  Jeff: First things first, J.T., i'll take back the idol. Thank you.  By all means.  Jeff: Once again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, three  members of each tribe will be tied together. On my go, you'll work together  through a series of obstacles. You'll then grab a bucket, fill it with water,  make you way over a giant teeter to totter, transferring the water until you  have enough to lower the gate. The three remaining tribe members will then  work together to solve a puzzle. First two tribes to finish win immunity,  safe from the vote. Losers go the tribal council, where somebody will be the  third person voted out of this game. In addition, playing for reward. Want to  know what you're playing for?  Yeah.  Yeah.  Jeff: First tribe to finish, maybe the most valuable thing in this game. In  addition, first tribe to finish gets their choice of comfort in the form  of...  Oh.  Jeff: Comfort for your body, or comfort for your taste buds.  Oh.  Oh.  Jeff: Second tribe to finish gets whatever one is leftover.  Okay.  Jeff: I’m know it's worth playing for. I'll give you a minute to strategize.  Let's do it! All right. Here we go. We've got three people at the start on  the obstacles, three people at the end untying knots, solving the puzzle.  This idol being hidden on this table makes me way nervous, because i'm in  charge of untying knots. So I’m have the wait until after the challenge ends  in order to nab it.  Jeff: Here we go, for reward and immunity, Survivors ready? Go! First phase  is getting through this wood bramble. Nuku going up top.  Keep going.  Jeff: Tavua going up top. Mana going down below. And running into trouble  early. Caleb, Tai, and Debbie really struggling to get through this. Nuku is  through. Over and under.  Go!  Jeff: Go, Tavua. Tavua flying over it. Nuku is not messing around, launching  themselves. Your next job is to untie that bucket and start transferring  water.  Come on, Debbie.  I'm coming.  Jeff: Mana now getting through, but they've lost time.  Together, guys, together.  Jeff: Sarah slowing down now. Mana's got the catch up now.  Hurry, hurry!  Jeff: Nuku has their bucket. They've had the lead from the beginning. Mana  finally back.  Got it.  Jeff: Nuku over with their first bucket. Michaela taking fall. Tavua now has  their bucket.  Come on, guys.  Jeff: You need enough water to drop that gate.  Let's go.  Jeff: Not enough for Nuku. Tavua now heading over with their first bucket. Mana  has their bucket.  Beautiful, beautiful.  Jeff: Nuku heading back over with their second bucket. Mana out with their  first bucket. Will this be enough for them? No.  Nice work, guys.  Jeff: Could this do it for Nuku?  There we go.  Jeff: That's going to do it it drops. Get through it. Start untying the  puzzle.  Beautiful, beautiful.  Jeff: Here comes Tavua. Will they have enough water? Mana coming back?  We got it, we got it, we got it.  Go, go, go!  Jeff: Tavua drops. Mana drops. Start untying the puzzle.  Go, go.  There you are.  Jeff: Aubry's done. Puzzle solvers come in. It's now Varner and Sandra in that  last phase for Nuku putting the puzzle together. Sierra made up a lot of time  for Mana. Go, guys.  Good job, cowgirl.  Jeff: It is now Hali and culpepper. Troyzan has been the slowest with the  knots. It is now Zeke and Cirie solving. Everybody working on their puzzles  now.  Troyzan, we need a piece at the end.  First two to finish are safe. Losers, tribal council. Somebody voted out of  "Survivor: Game changers." you know what the puzzle it is. It is  the logo for the season. How quickly can you get it together? Sierra made up  a lot of time for Mana. They're back in this. Tavua lost a lot of time. Nuku  has been in the lead from the start. Zeke and Cirie have made up a lot of  time on this puzzle. They've tied Varner and Sandra. This is going to come  down to a very close finish.  I'm missing one piece over here.  Jeff: This is going to come down to seconds.  We got it!  Jeff: Nuku thinks they have it.  No. No.  Jeff: And they do. Reward for Nuku. We're looking for one more. Who will  finish first?  Jeff?  Jeff: No, that is not right.  Switch it, switch it!  Jeff: Zeke and Cirie thought they had it, but they were wrong.  It's going to be close.  Jeff: very close. It's a race to the finish.  We got it.  No, no, it's not.  Jeff, Jeff, Jeff!  Do they have it now?  Jeff: Yes! Immonti and -- immunity and reward for Tavua. One board shy for Mana.  So close.  Wow.  Oh, my God. Oh, my God.  It's all right, guys.  Oh, my God.  Oh, my God.  Nice work.  Talk about a steakout.  Good job, guys.  Oh, my God, oh, my God, oh, my God.  To find an idol again is like, I’m did it. And finding this changes  everything. It's life for me. It gives you the feeling of power. And power is  huge in this game.  Jeff: Nuku, congratulations. Immunity is yours. [applause] nobody going home  from your tribe. Tavua. Immunity is yours. Nobody going home from your tribe.  Now we have the reward. Nuku, you've already won the tarp that. Is yours. Now  you have a choice, do you want comfort for body or comfort for taste buds.  Body comfort.  Body comfort. Nuku, come grab your reward.  We finally won something.  Jeff: Tavua, in addition to immunity, you get the remaining reward, come grab  it, spices for the taste buds. Grab your stuff, head back to camp, enjoy the  night off. Nobody going home from your tribe. Mana, somebody will be the  third person voted out of this game. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. See  you tonight at tribal.  In this game it's all about numbers. This is a dictatorship majority rules.  So we will have a brief negotiation, whether it is Caleb or Hali, and I’m believe  we're rock solid sticking together.  We lost the challenge, like the unthinkable occurred. So a miracle will  happen if i'm to be here tomorrow.  Are you okay when you fell, Caleb?  Yeah.  You fell hard. It looked hard.  I'm feeling like two against four and Caleb's a freakin' powerhouse, so  immediately I’m know i'm in hot water.  Somebody's going to go home.  You guys have gone off three times now. I'm sorry for that.  Yeah.  I got my head kind of down because I’m just hate the lose, and today's the  ninth day, which I’m left last time. I’m got life-flighted out on a  helicopter and almost lost my life, so the only thing on my mind now is, you  know, are they going to go strong with with this tribe and keep me and give  me another life in this game?  So what's happening?  We want the make sure that you're comfortable with Hali?  I mean, she's really nice, but, you know, Caleb and i, we're friends, so Caleb  or Hali, Hali got to go. Caleb, he can help.  He's strong.  The two names that are on the chopping block tonight are Hali and Caleb. I’m really  haven't talked to Hali since I’m played with her before on worlds apart some  seeing her here, you know, we have no relationship, but Tai and Caleb, they  scare me. They're close. There would have to be some underlying alliance  there. I’m mean, come on. You know each other, so, yeah, there is a little  concern. But obviously if you target a strong player such as Caleb, your  chances of winning challenges gets smaller and smaller.  We definitely going to keep the Nuku tribe strong.  Good.  So it's going to be Hali.  My logic is this: I’m got Caleb and Tai that I’m could potentially work with,  but Tai and Caleb had a history, and one thing i've learned from playing  before is past relationships absolutely matter, and you're a fool to discount  them.  I'm sticking to the plan.  I feel pretty good about what Tai is saying about Caleb. I’m think he's  playing the game for us right now.  Yeah.  Maybe getting rid of Hali would be a better choice. But Caleb, Debbie, and Tai  absolutely have a relationship, and if they want to team up, ie-mail sure  they would send me home first, but right now I’m don't want to be the cheat,  so I’m would like Tai to make the decision.  Sit down a second. What do you think?  Hali's going home.  Okay.  What if it came down to Hali or Caleb?  We need Caleb for challenges.  I guess. I’m think so. Here's the problem with Caleb, you go into the merge  with Caleb around, it's going to hurt your game.  I hear that.  So you got to think about what's best for your game in this season.  I see that, yep.  Okay. Are you in it for him, or are you in it for you.  New york i'm in it for myself.  He give me such valuable advice. It makes sense. Last time I’m played with my  heart. But this is game changer. I’m have to think clear.  It's in the a final decision yet.  If we get rid of Caleb, it's very difficult, because i'm a friend of Caleb.  We played together before. We had some great times, and it's very, very  difficult for me to then write his name down. Because it's such a betrayal to  our friendship. Can I’m do it? My heart says, he's my friend. You're not  going to live with it. You'll keep we will living this moment over and over  again. Tonight I’m have to think with my brain who is a better person the  take out, Hali or Caleb.  Jeff: For those of you who don't have a torch, go ahead and grab one. Dip it  in and get fire. This is part of the ritual at tribal council because in this  game fire represents your life, and when your fire is gone, so are you. So Debbie,  is it comforting or unnerving that you, Tai, and Caleb are all here together  and everybody knows you guys played together?  It's unnerving actually. You're right away perceived to be a trio. You must  have a common bond.  Jeff: Tai, did you feel that when we did the switch?  Definitely, and automatically I’m think the other tribe member would think,  this is three person to watch out for.  Jeff: And Caleb, not only did you play together, but you and Tai had a  friendship. Do you feel that pressure, as well, that people are making assumptions?   You know, yeah, but the simple fact that we didn't tart this game together,  he had already been with a whole new other tribe for seven day, so maybe it's  not something to look deep into.  Jeff: Culpepper, is that fair that, yeah, there might be a little scrutiny,  but as Caleb says, I’m didn't even start with these guys.  I think we've connected Tai and Caleb, but we did bond, the old Nuku tribe  pretty well, so maybe we breck that bond. I’m don't know.  Jeff: Sierra, it's really interesting, because "Survivor" is a game  of social politics. When you're all strangers, that has one meaning, but then  when you play together, there is this added layer that you have to decide how  much weight do I’m give it.  I mean, yeah, all these people are saying they weren't really concerned with Caleb  and Tai, and that was a huge concern of mine and still is. So i'm not blinded  by the fact I’m know they have a friendship. Like me and Hali, we have no  relationship from our season, so it's different than that case right there.  Jeff: Hali, do you feel, that as well?  Well, when the tribes first split up, you would expect that me and Caleb  might be at the bottom numbers-wise, but if you look closer, maybe Caleb has  more angles to work in this tribe than I’m ever could.  Jeff: Because of past relationships?  Exactly.  Jeff: Caleb, do you agree with that, that being on the wrong side of the  numbers after the switch, that it's you or haley?  For sure, and it's their determination. They either want to take a strong  player that's going to be loyal, kick butt in challenges and give them all  they got, which is me, or they're going to go with Hali, which probably is  easier to manipulate and possibly a little bit easier to take along.  Jeff: Wow. Hali, what's it like to hear you referred to as the easy one to  get rid of tonight?  I don't think that's exactly what he said. I’m think he put himself out there  as someone who is stronger-headed than me and a bigger player in this game  and in a game of game changers, is that who you want around?  Culpepper, she flipped it and said everything Caleb just said that made him  valuable is what makes him a threat.  She's a budding attorney. She's doing really well. There are a lot of things  to weigh. What person is really going to make the tribe stronger in our next  challenge? They both bring value to the table, physical, mental. It's a  difficult decision.  Jeff: Tai, there were so many elements to this game, where are you giving the  weight, to the next challenge, to the merge, to the end?  I think I’m have to look into the big picture, not just the next challenge.  I'm looking at loyalty, trust, and personal relationship, as well. The big  picture of the game.  Jeff: So Caleb, when you hear that, do you think that means you're staying?  You know, Jeff, again, Hali has her assets about her, I’m have mine. I’m peeve  these people know what I’m bring to the table. They know the asset I’m am to  the tribe. And I’m don't really have relationships on the other side like she  does.  Are you sure? I’m mean, I’m think that i'm a good person to take forward in  the game more than a big, strong player in a lot of multiple dimensions. So  basically my closing argument is that i've just been myself and I’m intend to  continue that with these people, and hopefully these relationships can take  us places throughout the rest of the game.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Hali, you're up. I'll go tally the  votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want the play it, now  would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are read, the decision is final.  Person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal councillary immediately.  I'll read the votes. First vote Caleb. Hali. Caleb. That's two votes Caleb. Caleb.  That's three votes Caleb. One vote Hali. Third person voted out, Caleb.  That's four, that's enough, you need to bring me your torch.  Good luck.  Jeff: Caleb, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Well, every time you  vote somebody out, you change the dynamics of the tribe, and the question is  always the same: Who does it benefit, who does it hurt? Grab your torches,  head back to camp. Good night.  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," J.T. Starts an upriding.  Sandra is dangerous. I’m can definitely change the course of this game.  Jeff: And the twists never stop coming. Losers, both tribes go to tribal  council.  Oh.  Oh, oh, oh.  It's going to be fireworks tonight.  Oh, my gosh.  The last time I’m played this game, I’m went out day nine. And this time, i'm  going out day nine again. Last time I’m left on my back in a helicopter. This  time i'm walking out on my feet. I'm much happier about that. My relationship  with Tai is going to remain. I’m still love him to death and I’m wish him the  best of luck moving forward.