<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor," a surprise switch shook up the  game. We are changing from two tribes to three tribes. At the Nuku tribe, J.T.  Was outnumbered.  It's 5-1.  Jeff: At the Tavua tribe, Troyzan had no control.  It's Troyzan versus everyone.  Jeff: At the Mana tribe, Brad held all the power.  It's going to come down to either Hali or Caleb.  Jeff: And at tribal council, Brad rallied the tribe to vote out Caleb.  Caleb, the tribe has spoken.  Jeff: 17 are left. Who will be voted out tonight?  Jeff: Tai, I’m know that was you.  It was difficult, but it's a game. It's my game.  Right.  Thank you for trusting me. You guys don't have any suspicions.  Actions speak louder than words, especially on "Survivor."  yeah. I'm very close to Caleb, so this vote was really hard to me, but I’m want  to earn my trust from the rest of my tribe. I'm not playing with my heart  this time. I'm playing with my head.  I think we're doing well with the vote so far.  We're doing great. I'm so glad you're here.  Me, too.  Caleb going home last night instead of me was a break in this game.  If we lose, who would you go?  I'd go Tai.  I know Debbie and Tai do have a complicated relationship, so i'm trying to  show Debbie that I’m am your asset going forward, and Tai is a liability.  I mean, i'm Tai next. Oh, my God, am I’m him next. Because if we lose, hey,  then we lose.  We got a plan.  This is my second time playing, not my first, so I’m tell Hali just what I’m think  she wants to hear, but the philosophy for this Mana tribe is to keep old Nuku  tribe.  It obviously does, right?  Yeah, if we news, we know what we're doing, everybody is locked down?  That's the only way to play it.  It's too soon to make Tai a target, so Hali, you have no options. You have  none.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Nuku and Tavua getting your first look at the new Mana  tribe.  Oh, wow.  Oh, wow.  Jeff: Caleb voted out at the last tribal council.  That's crazy.  Jeff: All right. You guys ready to get to today's reward challenge?  Yeah.  Jeff: Today we're doing something a little different. Only two members of  each tribe will run this challenge.  Okay.  Jeff: Here's how it works: The first player will race through a series of  obstacles while balancing a ball on the end of a poll. At the end of each leg  you add more pole make it more difficult. At the end you use a ball to  release a key. That will open a box. You use the sandbags inside to knock  down nine bamboo targets. First two tribes to finish win reward. Want to know  what you're playing for?  Yeah.  Yes.  Oh, God.  Oh, yeah.  Look at all that. Holy crap.  Jeff: Everything you need for a nice cup of coffee including chocolate  cookies.  Chocolate.  Wow.  Jeff, we love you.  Jeff: Second tribe to finish,erer this mouse of ice coffee. Last tribe to  finish, nothing. I'm going to give you guys a minute to strategize, decide  who your two will be, and we'll get started. All right. We have our pairs for  each tribe. For Nuku it is J.T. Carrying the ball, Malcolm throwing sandbags.  For Tavua, it's Ozzy carrying the ball, Troyzan throwing sand bags. And for  manback Tai carrying the ball, culpepper throwing sandbags. Here we go. For  reward, Survivors ready? Go!  Easy.  Jeff: This first section, there you go, you've got to go under, but the ball  has to go over. J.T. Drops. Ozzy's through. Tai drops. He's got do go back.  Come on, Ozzy.  Jeff: Ozzy through the first section.  Way to be, Ozzy.  Jeff: Ozzy with an early lead.  Take your time, Ozzy, good job.  Jeff: J.T. Once again working on that first section and he's now through the  toughest part.  Take your time, Tai, focus.  Jeff: Ozzy now on that section section. Tai to the second section. He's good.   Good job, Ozzy.  Ozzy making fast work of the second section. No problem for Ozzy. Tai has his  second section of pole. He's going to start on the balance beam. Ozzy still  with a nice lead as he heads out on that third and final section. J.T. Up on  the second section. Tai on the second section.  Slow and steady, Tai.  Jeff: Ozzy on that third and final section. The balance beam alone is tricky.  J.T.'s made up a lot of time. Can he get there?  Good work, J.T.  Jeff: J.T. Is good. Ozzy still with a big lead. Ozzy drops. He's got to go  back. J.T. Is now back in it. Tai is almost through the second section. Tai,  you're good. J.T. Has his undone. It's now Ozzy and J.T. Side by side as they  head out on that third and final section of balance beam.  Slow and steady, J.T. Slow and steady.  Jeff: Ozzy is through. Transfers to Troyzan. Troyzan can now open his case,  looking for those bags.  Yeah, J.T.!  Jeff: J.T. Is through. Malcolm can start opening that lock. Troyzan has his  bags. Connects immediately with one. There are nine targets. Troyzan hits his  second. Malcolm hits his first. Malcolm with another.  Focus, Tai. Take your time.  Jeff: Tai drops. He's got to go back.  Son of a bitch.  Jeff: Malcolm in the lead now. Malcolm with his fourth.  Jeff: come on, Troyzan.  Jeff: Another hit. Another hit. We're tied. Both guys have five targets left.  Tai still on that beam. Culpepper waiting for chance to get in there.  Take your time, Tai, relax. I’m can catch them.  Jeff: Here comes Malcolm. Malcolm is down to three. Troyzan with four. Troyzan  scores. We're new tied. Tai is across.  Come on, culpepper.  Jeff: Culpepper quickly working on that lock. Culpepper going to try and get Mana  back in this, and he does quickly with one.  You got it.  Jeff: He knocks another one down. Malcolm has three. Malcolm knocks another.  He's down to two. Mall -- Malcolm down to one. Culpepper racing to get back  in. Troyzan with two. Troyzan gets it.  Come on, Malcolm. Awesome.  Jeff: Malcolm wins reward for Nuku. We're looking for second. Culpepper  knocks another one.  You got it.  Culpepper knocks off a third. And a fourth. And a fifth. Culpepper on fire.  Culpepper is smoking them. Culpepper has made up a ton of time. Can he catch Troyzan?  Troyzan misses. Culpepper knocks another. We're tied again. Both guys with  two.  Wow.  Jeff: Culpepper down to one. Troyzan. Culpepper! Culpepper does it! Mana wins  reward with a huge comeback thanks the Brad culpepper.  That was like terminator.  Jeff: Nuku, nice job, big finish, grab your reward. Head back to camp. Enjoy  your coffee.  Thank you.  Thanks, Jeff.  Jeff: Enjoy. Well earned. Mana, big come-from-behind victory. Nicer thermos  of ice coffee. Grab your reward, head back to camp. Tavua, got nothing for  you.  We thought we had it. By Troyzan dropped the ball. He was terrible. He  already was the odd man out. Now Troyzan's life is hanging on by a string.  Home sweet home.  You win some, you lose some.  I wanted to win it for you guys.  As a tribe, losing is always horrible, like we all want to win. But losing  the reward challenge was great for me because without rewards they need me to  survive in this game. I’m feel really confident i've been doing an awesome  job being the rock of this tribe. Not to toot my own horn, but i'm able to  catch fish. I'm able to provide a constant supply of great protein. If I’m didn't  bring food in, my name would come up a lot more than it does. But more than,  that it's almost like a meditation, fishing gives me a chance to think about  the game and come back a little more grounded. It's just extraordinary.  Oh, my God. It's a big old fish, bro.  Dude, that thing looks huge.  It was underneath a rock. I’m saw it move. I’m thought it might be have been  a bottom fish.  Look at that.  That's awesome.  Ozzy is no joke. As fan of the show, just seeing him in action is amazing. He  caught this stingray, so we're going to get a meal, and hopefully that's  going to give us more confidence to do well in the next challenge.  I'm going to go back out.  All right. You're awesome.  Thank you, J.T., and Malcolm. Thank you, thank you, thank you.  Cheers.  Thank you.  Cheers to Nuku.  Holy cow.  Oh, my God.  Oh.  This tribe has got it going on, let me tell you. This is the best tribe ever.  I'm ecstatic here at the Nuku tribe. I’m pretty much got everything in line,  all my relationships with everyone are perfect. I'm the queen here. I’m know  that much. I’m know i'm running the show. And nobody really knows it.  Everything looks good. You know what, if we go to tribal council, Sandra's  dangerous. I’m think we get rid of Sandra.  I'm starting to think so. Too.  The longer Sandra's in this game, the more trouble we'll have getting rid of  her. She's a two-time winner for more than one reason. You can tell by the  attitude and thes ass in Sandra's voice, she knows she's in charge.  If anybody says your name, i'll come straight to you.  You got the same.  Malcolm and I’m hit it off. Malcolm is excited. I’m can see it. He wants to  play with me. I’m don't plan on losing, but if we lose an immunity challenge,  wing, bang, move, I’m can make my move and get rid of Sandra.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to today's immunity  challenge? First thing first, take back the idol. Ozzy, Aubry. Once again  immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, one person will be your  caller. The rest of the tribe will be blindfolded and tethered together in  pairs, using only verbal commands, a caller will guide their tribe through a  series of obstacles. We'll pull on a rope, water along with it a bag, once  you have all three bags, you'll use the balls inside and maneuver them  through a table maze. Your goal, get all three balls in their final resting  spot? Nuku, you have one extra person, who is it going to be? Sandra, you're  going to sit out. Tavua?  Troyzan.  Jeff: Troyzan will sit out for Tavua. Oh, by the way, the first and only the  first tribe to finish wins immunity.  Oh.  Oh.  Kind of a big by the way.  Kind of a big by the way.  Jeff: Losers, both tribes go to tribal council.  Sitouts, take a spot on a bench. Everybody else take a minute to strategize.  We'll get started. All right. Here we go. For immunity, Survivors ready, go?  Haul ass.  Jeff: A lot of loud voices.  To the left, to the left, to the left.  Jeff: Big hit by J.T. Nuku sending all four out at once trying to find that  first tower. Mana sending all four out at once.  I can't hear you, Brad.  The way you're facing.  Jeff: Cirie with a completely different strategy. Sending hers out in two  different pairs.  Stop, Ozzy! Stop, Ozzy.  Jeff: Zeke has the rope.  Come on, Ozzy.  Jeff: Zeke and Ozzy for the first bag for Tavua. They can head back.  That's a tower. We're at the tower.  Behind you.  We're looking for a rope.  No!  Jeff: J.T., right in front of you.  Jeff: J.T. Has the first bag for Nuku.  Sierra, behind you.  Jeff: Sierra and Hali now have the first bag for Mana. Everybody with one  bag. You're looking for three total.  Right here, Ozzy, drop it, drop it. 180. Now back to your right.  Jeff: Ozzy and Zeke heading back out.  To your right, to your right!  Malcolm, you got it. It's in there.  Haul ass. Haul ass.  Jeff: Andrea and Sierra working together trying to find that tower. Tavua and  Nuku with two bags. Mana only has one.  I can't hear anything Brad is saying.  Jeff: Tai and Debbie still a big goose egg. They have nothing, wandering  around.  Stop! Tai, stop. You got it. J.T., it's right in front of you, your left  hand. There you go.  Left?  Got it, got it.  Jeff: J.T. And Michaela have the third bag.  Right here.  Jeff: Debbie and Tai have the second bag for Mana.  J.T., haul ass.  Jeff: Malcolm and Aubry are back. J.T. And Michaela are trying to get back.  You got to get all the way back before you can head out to work on the table  maze. That's all three for Nuku. Take off your buffs. Sprint out once you're  unbelted.  We're way ahead of them, guys, way ahead.  Jeff: Nuku a giant lead. Malcolm with a big fall.  Ozzy, right there. Stop, Ozzy!  Oh, balls.  Jeff: Ozzy and Zeke had the third bag for Tavua. They've just got to get  back. Nuku with a big early lead right now. It is J.T. On the maze for Nuku.  Nobody is back to their mat yet. We're way ahead.  Nice and smooth, baby.  Sierra and Hali have that third bag. They have to head back. Ozzy and Zeke  back with the third bag. You're good. Take off your blind folds. Let's go. J.T.  Continues to work it for Nuku.  Right in there is where you want it.  Jeff: Mana has their third bag. They can start heading back. Take off your  blind folds. Ozzy going to start working on that table maze for Tavua. There  is a big learning curve. Once you get the touch and you land one, you're  done. The next person has to come in. Yasmine drops. He's got to start again.  Nobody is going to be the hero and get hot and do all of them. It's going to  be Sierra first on the table maze for Mana. J.T. Getting very close.  Perfect. Yes!  Jeff: J.T. Has the first ball for Nuku. J.T. Is out. Here comes Michaela.  Everybody feeling the pressure. Sierra drops. Is Sierra going to give it up  to Hali?  You got this, Ozzy.  Jeff: Ozzy is one turn away from landing Tavua's first ball. He's got it. Ozzy  has one for Tavua. Tavua is one, Nuku with one, Mana with nothing, a big  zippo.  I don't think i'm a natural. Someone else.  Jeff: Big stakes. One tribe and only one will be safe. Malcolm very close to  that inner circle.  Got it.  Jeff: Malcolm. Very close. Malcolm has the second ball for Nuku. They're down  to one. Nuku with two. Just one remaining to win immunity.  We have a huge lead. You take your time. It is Varner, culpepper and Sarah.  Jeff: Right there, right there. Stop. Sarah getting into the inner part of  the maze.  There you go Sarah. And she's inside and she does it this time. Tavua with  their second. Here comes Andrea for the win for Tavua.  Come on, Varner.  Jeff: Varner now going to feel the pressure because it's a slowdown between Varner  and Andrea. Tribal council looming for two tribes in the latest twist in  "Survivor" game changers.  I forgot how the move this table.  Jeff: Culpepper very close. Culpepper has first for Mana. Suddenly they're  getting back in this. Culpepper. Varner is in the middle of the maze. Varner  got them to the maze. Now he's going to be the hero or the maze.  Just stop.  Jeff: Andrea racing to get back in it for Tavua. Andrea very close, two moves  away.  You got this.  Jeff: Varner is very close.  Varner's inside the inner circle. Can he drop it?  You got it, Andrea. Don't listen.  Jeff: Andrea snakes inside one more level. Varner very close. Can he do it?  Right here. No, Varner falls out at the last second. Andrea in the inner  circle. For the win Tavua wins immunity, safe from tribal council, sending Mana  and Nuku to send somebody home. Varner so close. Tavua, nice job. Very close  finish. Andrea pulled it out over Varner. Tavua, no tribal council, nobody  going home. Grab your stuff, head out, enjoy the night off.  Thank you.  Great work, guys.  Jeff: All right. Nuku, manback i'll see you guys at tribal council tonight as  one group. You will vote out one person.  Oh.  Jeff: Head back to camp.  This twist is so dangerous to anyone because any fracture in any relationship  is a reason to send somebody home tonight. This tribal is going to be insane.   If we're ever going to lose, this is the one. We get the say who goes home  because we have majority.  I understood correctly, both tribes will go to tribal council, but only one  person will go home.  This has never happened before. I’m think we have to sit down and talk, group  discussion.  I'm starting to think I’m need to be ready for everything in "Survivor:  Game changers," because who knows what probst is cooking up next. Me and  J.T. Wanted to get rid of Sandra, but we do have a numbers advantage. We're  up 6-5 on Mana. So if we stay together, it's very simple on paper, but on  paper is the only place it's simple. They're not going to come in, we have  five people, too bad, like one of us is going to go home. They're going to  have a plan.  They're going to get J.T. To vote with them.  You think that's what it is?  They will try to get me, sure. But i'm solid. I'm solid with you guys 100% so  we don't have to worry about it.  It takes one person to flip the change everything, but we have to vote six  strong. If someone messes this up, they're getting their ass beaten when they  come back to this camp.  This is the person I’m think we should vote out and why, Sierra, because  that's their strongest female over there.  I don't think nobody has an idol.  I'm not willing to risk my life they don't.  I say get rid of Tai. He's sneaky as hell, end of story.  We're not on the same page. Everybody is on their own page. This is "Survivor."  and everybody plays as part of a tribe. But it's an individual game from the  beginning, regardless of what anybody says.  Who do you think Brad will target over here? Who do you think they'll target?   I would say me, but I’m don't know.  The most trustworthy relationship I’m have on the Mana tribe is Brad  culpepper. If I’m was a betting man, Brad is saying, all our votes are going  for Sandra. I’m could be a swing vote and vote Sandra, but that's a big risk.  I’m could just simply go with majority and vote Sierra or Tai. Hmmm. But i'd  much rather see Sandra go. If I’m wanted to, I’m could definitely change the  course of this game big time. Get a little jacked up.  I think we need to convince them to take out Sandra.  This tribal can be extremely complicated. Now we're going with them having  six against our five. I’m know this that four of us will all vote one way. We  have one wild card, Hali, who used to be on death row, however, now the  "Survivor" Gods smiled on her and she's in an enviable position.  Blue eyes, look at me, are we going to be five strong.  I'm on the minority if we're going against them, you know, like five versus  six.  The bond you build here are better than the bonds you built at the other  place, so if we can stay five unanimous, that will speak volumes.  Yeah.  Oh, my gosh. All of a sudden, oh, look how the tables have turned. I’m mean,  I’m have options. I’m could go with this tribe, but I’m could also flip.  There are so many different dynamics going on. You need to consider your  short-term and long-term game at the same time in this vote.  I think J.T.'s going to go Sandra.  Then we should.  We should, but I’m wish we were going Malcolm.  J.T. Doesn't know who we're going to vote for.  He does. He would vote Sandra.  From conversations...  He's not going to vote Malcolm.  I know we have to vote Sandra, but it's so stupid not to get Malcolm out.  We have to be five strong no matter what we do.  Absolutely.  It's J.T.'s vote.  It's going to come down to J.T.  It's very tricky tonight, because we still don't know whether J.T. Is with us  or with them. And they got the numbers, why wouldn't they stick together? So  I’m need to look for a hidden immunity idol. My mind is idol, idol, idol,  where do I’m go? If you have it, it's protection. I’m thought i'd found the  idol. But I’m found the clue. Whoa. Oh, my God. The clue tells me to come to  a clearing near the tribe flag. That's the tree with two markers lined up.  Another tree with three markers lined up with a five flag. Make a cross,  that's where to dig. I’m can change the game around. You never give up in  "Survivor" until your torch is out.  Oh, my God. Oh, my God. This idol will give me power. They have the numbers,  we have the idol. The best key the life. Key to a life.  I'm scared. I'll tell you that much.  You have bad feeling?  <br/>Hold on.  What?  I have an idol.  Good for you, Tai. That is fricking awesome.  Right before tribal, Tai has found an idol.  If one of us four is going to go, it needs to be played.  I'm extremely excited but i'm also completely terrified because we don't know  who to play it for.  Let me tell you something, this is a huge game changer.  Huge.  A lot can go wrong, but i'm praying we can make this happen because it's  going to be a huge move. Tonight's tribal has never been done before. This is  going to be crazy, because it can be anybody tonight.  Jeff: J.T. Go ahead and grab the unlit torch. Dip it in and get fire. This is  part of the ritual at tribal council because in this game fire represents  your life, and when your fire is gone, so are you. So Malcolm, new twist,  what was the feeling when you went back to camp knowing all of you would be  coming together to vote out just one person.  You know, who can count how many tribal councils this group has to count  together. This isn't anything like any of those. You have to run through  every scenario possible to figure out how to play it.  Jeff: Culpepper, it could be easy to say, there's six versus five, except  everybody has their own agenda.  Well, we in the business call a mexican standoff mow teachly. We have our  guns against them. They got their guns against us, the question is one of  their guns pointed at themselves and is one of our guns pointed at ourselves.   Jeff, all our guns are pointed at them.  Jeff: Debbie, what could the five of you do to upset the six?  Well, we have somebody in their six who used to be really, really, really,  really close to us.  Jeff: Who is that?  J.T.  Jeff: She said the magic words. "used to."  Jeff: J.T., it is a tough game the play. You started the game with one group.  You now might be on a tribe with different people. Where are you with all of  this?  I feel like people are expecting me to do something to put myself at risk  when it would be a shot in the dark for me to land in the right place.  Jeff: Let's look big picture, there are a lot of threats out here, and I’m think  there are more threats on their team, you have Malcolm and you got a two-time  winner over there. That's the biggest threat here.  Jeff: Sandra, you're not surprised by this. You are clearly a threat in that  you've never lost.  Oh, i'm not worried. I’m know i'm not going home tonight. How about that?  Jeff: Malcolm, culpepper mentioned Sandra, he mentioned you.  Sounds like the sort of thing you scared, but when these twists happen, but  if it sent me home, i'd be cussing my name down the ramp.  Jeff: Varner, has be there been much talk about idols?  Yeah, we talked about what could happen, what if each individual one had the  idol, how that would go. We ran through everything.  Jeff, as much as they talked at the big picture, we looked at the big  picture. We're all on the same page. It's just who do you go with tonight.  Jeff: Debbie, what are you thinking right now?  I have two big questions, does he flip, does she flip?  Jeff: As for Hali, should she not stay firm with us, she's going to be public  enemy number one.  I don't know, that's not a good speech to groom me in.  That's true.  I just want to throw it out, there we are in a potential drawing rock  situation, so more information could potentially avoid that. If you do have  concerns about your rock-solid plan.  Jeff: No, we don't have no concerns.  Sounds like they don't need you, Hali.  We need you and want you.  On the outside, right where they put you.  Jeff: J.T., that got a reaction from you. Are you genuinely distressed?  Very much so, yeah. I’m have a lot of things going through my head since i've  been here, but I’m got to do what I’m got to do to stay alive.  And as you're talking, Sierra and Hali are having a conversation that Malcolm  is just eavesdropping on.  I want to say something. I’m think this is a stupid time in the game to be  thinking about anything except physical threats. That's where I’m am. You  asked me where I’m stood among this group, and I’m was honest.  Jeff: Culpepper, football analogy, an audible, perhaps a change of plan?  Potentially, all they came in lock, stock, barrel on their original plan.  Jeff: Aubry, this is becoming routine at tribal where you come with a plan,  but it doesn't mean it's locked in.  I feel like I’m just showed up at the wrong wedding or something.  Jeff: Everyone is still talking.  Do you think they just switched?  Guys, no confusion.  No confusion. Just stay.  Okay.  Stay to the original plan.  Original plan. Stick to the plan.  Stick with the plan. Stick with the plan.  Jeff: Wow. Sierra, you look like a deer in the headlights.  I will say one thing, just to save my own ass, if we're playing this game the  way we started, we need to continue with that. If that's how we're going to  be.  Jeff: Wow.  Swear?  Swear.  It's on you.  How you doing?  I'm scared.  I wet myself.  What the hell is going on here, Jeff.  Last chance. Tell me.  Oh, my gosh.  They have an idol.  Okay. Are we staying? Should we change it to Brad. I’m just told Brad about  the idol.  Are you sure it's not you?  Jeff: Unprecedented.  He's getting nervous.  Where are they going? Are they trying to change everything?  Jeff: Now i'm the one who is speechless.  Okay.  Jeff: Aubry, what just happened? It was as if an energy force ripped through  tribal.  It's like a bunch of carrier pigeons were going back and forth, old line, new  lines started crossing and sharing information. It's still happening.  Jeff: I’m have never seen anything like it and it's now round two.  Jeff: I’m think you just have people who have personal relationships who need  to realize they're playing with a team right now. But we're good.  Nothing has changed. We're just am okay. Some side notes.  Jeff: Wow. Are you guys ready to vote? I’m don't want to break this up.  Yes. We're ready.  We're good.  We better hup.  Let's do it.  Jeff: We're ready. All right. It is as the conversations continue, time to  vote. Hali, you're up.  I didn't consent.  Jeff: You're not ready?  Jeff: Hallie, we can vote.  All right. You may regret it, but i'll go.  Jeff: Time to vote. Hali's up.  Who has the idol?  Nobody has no idol over there.  Best player here, got to send you home.  Best player here, got to send you home.  If you pull out an idol, I’m will soil myself.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want the play it, now would be the time to do so.  Do it. Do it. Do it.  Yes.  Jeff. I’m found something this afternoon, a little necklace. I’m think i'm  going to give it to... What wants it? Pretty lady. Here you are.  I'd love to wear it.  Thanks, Sierra.  Thank you.  Jeff: This is a hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast for Sierra will not  count. I'll read the votes. First vote Sierra. Duds not count.  Good job.  Jeff: Sierra. Duds in not count. Sierra, does not count. Sierra. Does not  count. Sierra. Does not count. Sierra. Does not count. Malcolm. One vote Malcolm.   Holy hell. Malcolm. That's two votes Malcolm.  Good job, guys.  You've got to be kidding me.  Jeff: Fourth person voted out of "Survivor: Game changers," Malcolm.  That's three, that's enough, you need to bring me your torch.  I'm going to vomit.  Jeff: Mall come, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Well, tonight's  tribal council is a shining example of why "Survivor" is still so  enterTaining and def -- devastating, because no matter how many times you  play, no matter how cerTain you are, the game can still smack you in the  face. Grab your torch, head back to camp. Good night.