<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor," at the Tavua tribe, Troyzan was in  the minority.  I'm sure Troyzan feels like he's on the outs because he is.  Jeff: At the Mana tribe, Tai found a clue to an idol.  Oh, my God. You will need to soak a wooden board.  Jeff: And Debbie lost her mind.  I was loyal to you completely, and you crushed my heart! It's frustrating,  and i'm pissed!  Jeff: At the Nuku tribe, Aubry and J.T. Tried to rally the troops.  It's better not to have Michaela.  Jeff: But Sandra was leading the charge.  Between me, you, and Michaela, we can take out J.T.  Jeff: At tribal council, Sandra got her way, again. J.T., the tribe has  spoken.  Drew: And Aubry was left in the dark. 15 are left, who will be voted out  tonight? Captioning funded by cbs and ford. We go further, so you can.  Nice move, guys. Nice move to play. I'm impressed. I’m really am. I’m went  into tribal thinking Michaela was going to go home, and they voted out J.T.  I'm constantly on the bottom, and I’m feel like i've been trying really hard  to build relationships with those people, but then it all blows up in my  face. Why did you guys choose the keep me over him?  It was about the betrayal. When Malcolm went home, I’m took it really, really  hard. We lost man on account of him. He had to be held accountable for what  he did.  Clearly Sandra is running the show. And I’m feel like she's cutting my legs  out from under me lick a slow death. That was one hell of a play. Without a  doubt Sandra is the best player here. She is the queen of this game, and I’m need  to learn a thing or two from her.  I found a clue earlier. The clue said go look for some board. I’m tore my  brain, and I’m was thinking, in the waterwell is where the board would be. So  I’m got the make the move. I’m got to get this idol, but I’m need to make it  quick before everybody wakes up. The clue says wet the board. When you fit a  board with a symbol, dig underneath that. The idol is there. The last board,  there it come, it's bright white, a similar -- symbol of an anchor. That is  so cool. I'm the luckiest gay. I’m found the idol, the second, within three  days. Last time I’m found an idol, I’m changed the direction of the game, Malcolm  went home. It shifted the power. This one I’m don't see me using it any time  soon. We'll see. I'm playing the game now. I'm the game changer, and I’m couldn't  be any happier.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Mana an Tavua getting your first look at the new Nuku  tribe. J.T. Voted out at last tribal council.  Wow.  Jeff: All right. Glad to see both tribes brought your immunity idols. I'll  take them back. Thank you.  You got it.  What's about to happen?  I don't know.  What's on the table, Jeff?  Jeff: Nice to have these back, although we won't be needing them today.  Everybody drop your buffs. We're switching things up again.  Yay!  Jeff: All right. Shall we get to it?  Yeah.  Let's do it.  Yes, sir.  Jeff: Don't open it. Grab one.  What a crazy game.  Oh, my God, Jeff.  Which one is a good one?  I don't know, but i'm going to get stuck with everything no one else wanted.  I'm scared.  Jeff: All right. Everybody reveal your buffs. If you have orange, take a spot  on the Mana mat. If you have blue, take a spot on the Nuku mat.  . ..  Debbie.  Debbie does not have a buff because Debbie is without a tribe. Debbie, take a  spot in the middle.  Nice to meet you.  Nice to meet you, buddy.  I'm Cirie. Nice the meet you. So lots of celebrating on both ends. The new Mana  tribe, Troyzan, Michaela, Sierra, Hali, Aubry, Cirie and culpepper. The new Nuku  tribe, Sandra, Sarah, Varner, Andrea, Tai, Zeke, and Ozzy. The game turns so  quickly. Sandra and Varner now in the minority spot. Sandra, you're in the  back row, hands are in your pocket, you're not saying much. What are you  thinking, Sandra?  I'm optimistic. I’m hope they get to meet me first before they decide if  something goes left that I’m end up right.  Jeff: Stuck in the middle without a home is Debbie. Let me catch you up. You  are going nowhere except to exile island. You will leave here and head to  exile island where you will live alone. You'll return to the game at the next  tribal council where you will join the tribe that loses a member. The good  news is obvious: You can't be voted out at the next tribal. The bad news is  equally obvious: You cannot bond with anybody.  That sucks.  Jeff: What is going through your head right now? Where are you focusing your  thoughts?  As a youth I’m went off on my own a lot with a pony. I'm sure there's not a  penny on exile island, but i'll be okay alone, and i'll be optimistic about  who I’m wine -- woopped up with.  Jeff: All right, Debbie, grab your stuff, head down to the water. The boat  will be waiting for you the take you the exile island. All right. Mana, Nuku,  grab your stuff, head back to camp. The game has changed again.  I went from the top to the bottom in lake a new york minute. I’m don't know  how that happened, but i'm going to charge in head-first. I'm not scared of  it, but I’m have to get past p.t.s.d. First.  Welcome back home.  <br/>Yeah, welcome.  Welcome back.  It still lax good.  Nice the meet you, ladies.  Let's do it.  When Jeff said, "drop the buffs," I’m was like, okay, this has to  be some good luck in my way. Being 5-1 on Tavua was tough, even though i've  got an idol and i've been sweating bullets all those days. So I’m thought  anything that happens now could be good.  We've been living off coconut, but it will get you through the day.  That's it, just coconuts?  Jeff has thrown us some curveballs. I’m end up on a tribe with people I’m do  not know. While I’m was on the same tribe with Hali, we weren't tight. I’m never  had a connection with Cirie. Troyzan played with my wife monocamp he's also a  man and i'm a man. We're the only two men on the tribe.  Hey, troy, what's your true assessment?  I don't know. It's like i'm in this game by myself.  In, you're not. I've been with Sierra the intertime. So i'm in, buddy. You  just got to stick with us.  Brad seems like a really up and up guy, but I’m also feel like we're  connected because we're just two guys on a tribe with five women. This takes  me right back to my season of one rule. The last thing I’m want to do is get  bamboozled by women again.  I'm telling you, do not be nervous with me.  Me either. Me either.  Okay. Come on. Do it.  I definitely think troy is an ally for me going forward. I’m feel good with Sierra.  I’m feel good with troy. But that's the only three. I’m need a majority of  four. So i've got some more work to do.  You guess still have coffee left?  Yeah, but just coffee.  How many chickens left?  Just three.  Where are you from?  I grew up in oklahoma city. I’m live in brooklyn now.  I used to live in manhattan.  Sandra and I’m are on the outs here. Andrea, Zeke, Sarah and Ozzy were all on  Tavua together, and Tai was on the old Nuku with them. You can just see  they're together.  It's so weird to be on the bottom all of a sudden, isn't it?  I'm really scared. Me and Varner, we're in a bad spot. But when I’m come into  a situation where i'm outnumbered, i'm just calm and collected, because once  I’m get my feet wet, give me a day or two, and i'll be running the show over  here, too. The queen stays queen.  So i'm thinking, I’m want Sandra out of here.  Me, too.  She scares me to death.  We have to get Sandra out of the game before we hit the merge. People always  say you can get Sandra out of this game any time, everyone who has said that  have lost a million dollars to Sandra diaz.  How do you want the play Sandra and Varner.  We have to make them think they're safe.  If anything we we have the bl side them for sure in case there is an idol.  We should figure out a story to tell them. You're doing the impossible. No  one has ever gotten out Sandra. We have to give them a story to make them  fuel secure and blind side Sandra.  Okay.  I don't know what it is. I’m don't know if it's...  Tai is the perfect decoy because Tai is dangerous in this game. He's really  good at finding idols and he's really ?eaky. He's all over the place and it  makes me nervous working with someone like that, so even no we're actually  targeting Sandra, it would seem like it would make sense to get rid of Tai.  Sandra scares the crap out of me.  Oh, she scares me. I’m think she is the best to go, don't you think?  Yeah. We're in the precarious position. On the one hand, Tai is the name we're  giving Sandra and Varner so Sandra believes she's safe, however, if Tai was  the find out that we threw his name out there, it could very well blow up in  our faces, because Tai is known for flipping, so it's tricky.  If we have a merge, I’m don't want the deal with her, if she's gone, i'm  happy. In the past I’m found an idol and flip-flopped. I’m was worried. I’m think  i'm the dangerous one. They say the plan is to get Sandra out, but there is  always a chance they might blind side me and get me out first, so I’m want  that idol in case i'm the target. I’m found an idol at Mana tribe. So okay, I’m  we have the same clues. It might work here. Holy cow. I’m know for sure it's  an idol. I’m didn't even open it. "Survivor" Gods really looked  after me this season. Having two idols is tremendous power. Lots of  flexibility. That's crazy. Come on, chicken, chicken. With two idols I’m am  actually more paranoid. All the different layers, the complexity, the  options. Chicken, chicken. I'm really, really nervous. What do I’m do with  it?  Today was a low point for me. Jeff tells me, Debbie, you're going the exile.  I’m could not be in a worse position rooting now. I'm going to be exiled on a  ship oh, my God. What is happening here? Welcome to exile. Exile is not some  hellhole where I’m have to freeze tonight and starve. It's a gorgeous yacht,  and I’m got it made. I'm the luckiest girl in "Survivor" history.  Oh, my good lord. Thank you! Enjoy your stay on exile. I’m will. This boat is  fully stocked with meat, salad, snack, soft drink, alcohol, wine, and dessert.  Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Nobody saw this one coming. Totally unexpected. Game  changer in my favor. Oh, my God. Never in their wildest imagination are they  going the imagine this is what's happening to me. Everybody is going to feel  sorry for me because I’m toughed it out and I’m froze. Yum, yum, yum, yum,  yum, yum, yum. Nobody is expecting that I’m got treated like the queen. I’m can  deal with this. Oh, no tribe. That's right. This is a tribe of Debbie. What's  going on now?  Open it's okay if I’m join you.  Oh, my God.  Oh, my God. What are you doing here? On top of exile being something so  totally unexpected, here comes cochran. I've met president, prime ministers,  and i'm not very often awestruck, but to meet one of my favorite Survivor  winners was an honor and a privilege. I’m literally could not stop laughing,  smiling, freaking out.  I am here as part of your exile experience.  Oh, my God.  I'm here to be a sounding board for you. We can talk strategy. We can talk  about what your game moving forward is going to be like. I’m think there's  value to having an objective third party. When I’m saw Debbie, I’m saw,  providing guidance, it's going to be tough. She claims to be an expert in  everything. I’m have my work cut out for me. This has to be nerve-racking.  Actually it is not. I'm feeling eggs extremely secure.  From my perspective, if I’m were in your shoe, you don't know what's going  on. The game changes day to day.  Hour to hour.  You're unable to participate in that hour-to-hour change. Do you have any  fears or any reservations about people?  I don't.  Upon first meeting Debbie it was obvious that one of her fatal flaws is  overconfidence. She seemed very self-assured that everything was going to go  her way. Overconfidence and a sense of comfort is, you know, poisonous in  this game. I’m do this as me stepping off the couch into the tv screen, no,  no, no, don't say that, you're in a great position. Please, no, no, no,  you're never in that great of a position. Is there any tension with anybody?  I have a problem with Brad culpepper. I’m exploded at him. It scared the crap  out of him.  Watching this first season, he seemed like a hothead. You blew up with a guy  before you got separated from him. Now he has all the time in the world, i'm Brad  culpepper.  Nobody calls me a west banker.  I would be worried about that and try to mend fences more than saying, hey,  don't be a jerk to me next time. I’m feel like there's a cerTain level of  swallowing your pride and pandering to people's egos. That itself was a  strategy. That will win you the game.  I will take that advice. Ly.  I am talking the a guy who has not only played twice, he took it to the end  the second time. Cochran won. I’m could say anything to him and he truly had  my back. It might just have been the biggest benefit of this whole  experience.  And there is actually one more thing. I’m have one more game-changing twist  to present to you.  Oh, my God. Oh, my God.  As part of your exile experience. It's in this bag. I'm presenting you with  an advantage option.  Oh, my God.  Oh, my God. Now i'm saying oh, my God.  It's a really hard two weeks, buddy. Cochran, you know what it's like.  You're in a great position. You're going to be great. You can be in the best  position in this game right now, Debbie. This can be like a game-changing  moment for you.  I'm crying because i'm putting me stuff on you.  Don't worry. I'll burn these clothes when i'm out of here.  I'm going to offer this to you.  You'll soon be joining a new tribe. Choose the advantage you think will help  you the most. Just when I’m think things can't get any better, I’m get to  pick from this box one of three advantages in the game. Fake hidden immunity  idol kit. Everything you need to construct your own beautiful but fake hidden  immunity idol. Extra votes, one extra vote may come in very handy. Tribe  challenge advantage. Your new tribe will have an advantage in the next  immunity challenge. Wow.  This is a big decision.  I'm taking the extra vote.  All right. Let's go with the extra vote.  The extra vote is a cerTainty. It's like having one completely reliable  person who I’m know is voting x way. You know, vote early, vote often. It has  been my honor, pri privilege, my pleasure, sir.  It has been a pleasure for me, sir. An i'm just excited to see what happens.  I’m feel like you have the advantage, you have the right mind-set. You're  well positioned. If Debbie actually takes the advice that we discussed to  heart and moves forward with this new mindset, I’m think she has the  potential to do well.  Zeke, when I’m drew the minority buff yesterday, I’m kind of panicked a  little bit.  I know it's scary.  Especially when you've played twice and you've never made a jury. That's a  cloud over my shoulder.  I will be the first one to admit, I’m like Jeff. I’m like him a lot. We have  connected and bonded quite a bit, and even though we're going to vote out Sandra  and mind side him, I’m see Jeff Varner as a potentially desperate person who  I’m think I’m could trust and save going forward in this game. But first, I’m  need to convince him that Tai's going going home.  I'm at the bottom, so i'm laying low and just hoping for the best.  I don't think you're on the bottom, Varner.  Really?  I'll tell you what, if I’m had my druthers, Tai would be gone. Because I’m don't  trust that guy's ass at all.  You don't know how relieved I’m am to hear you say that?  Yeah.  I think he's too dangerous with idols.  Way too dangerous. The second he fades one, it's over.  Zeke and I’m go lay on the beach, and within five minutes me and Sandra,  we're in the on the bottom anymore. Zeke is scared of Tai because he can find  an idol in his sleep. And you got to get rid of that as soon as possible.  I'm down 1,000%.  All right. Cool.  I didn't think it would happen as easily as it did. I'm not sure I’m trust it  completely yet, but to this point, I’m have no choice.  All right. I'll see you around, man.  What did you talk to Zeke about?  We bonded.  Uh-huh.  And Zeke said that he wants Tai out. He was like, I’m want to get rid of Tai  right now. So we're okay.  Yeah.  Varner is telling me they want the target Tai, and as long as it ain't me,  i'll vote Tai out all day every day, but inside i'm thinking, it's not adding  up. Because it would be stupid of them not to get rid of me or Varner.  Winning is the only way to make sure that nobody is filling our heads with a  pile of [bleeped]. We'll see what happens at the challenge, but if they think  i'm not going to take control of the situation, they don't know the queen.  &gt;&gt; Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to today's immunity  challenge?  Yeah. &gt;&gt;.  Jeff: I’m have the idols. Let's get to it. For today's challenge, you'll dive  into the water, race through a series of monkey bars. You'll then lift heavy  puzzle pieces to a sled, pull the sled the shore, drag it to the finish.  Three tribe members will then work together to solve a barrel puzzle. First  tribe to finish wins immunity, safe from the vote. Losers tribal council  where somebody will be the sixth person voted out of this game and their  tribe will receive Debbie as a new tribe member. Big stakes. Take a minute  the strategize. We'll get started. All right. Here we go. For immunity, Survivors  ready? Go! Ozzy waiting until the end with a big dive. Everybody's got to get  to that platform, and then one at a time you'll make you way across the  monkey bars.  Come on, you guys.  Jeff: Nuku working together.  Let's go.  Jeff: Mana working together.  Brad, go.  Jeff: Culpepper starts across. Mana is in the early lead.  Go, go go,.  Jeff: Culpepper across quickly. Go, Sierra.  That's it.  Go, go. Go, go, go.  Jeff: Here goes Ozzy.  You got this.  Jeff: Ciera's across. Ozzy in the water. Here goes Varner. Mana working very  efficiently. Here comes Troyzan for Mana. He's through quickly. Sandra taking  a long time for Nuku.  Good job, Sandra. You got this. Hali makes her way across quickly. Nuku still  has a lot of tribe members left. Mana still in the lead. Here comes Michaela.  Mana is through the monkey bars.  Come on, guys!  Let's go.  Jeff: Tai making up a lot of time. It's going to be culpepper and Sierra  lefting pieces for Mana.  Ready? One, two...  Come on, Zeke.  Jeff: Zeke making his way to the end. They're closing that gap.  We have to get back on. Mana has their pieces. You're good, pull and push,  those pieces are heavy.  Right, there right there, right there.  Jeff: Mana working on their second set of puzzle pieces.  You got it?  Jeff: Nuku on their first set. Nuku working very quickly, very efficiently.  Just get ready to push, get ready. No Mana has one left. Nuku getting closer,  heading for that second set of puzzle pieces. That lead is evaporating.  Come on, guys. The. We're right on them, guys.  Jeff: Mana has all their pieces. Nuku right behind.  Hurry up.  Watch your foot, watch you foot.  Jeff: Now you have to use the logs to help move this sled to the finish. That  sand is too tough to pull it through.  Ready?  Jeff: Nuku has all their puzzle pieces. Can they get it done? Can they catch  up.  I'm pulling. It ain't going nowhere.  Jeff: Mana working together nicely with the logs. Nuku starting to close the  g.p.  Keep it coming.  We need the back row.  Jeff: There is nothing easy about this. That sled and those pieces weigh a  lot.  Good job, guys!  Hurry up, guys. Hustle.  Oh, my God.  Keep going.  Jeff: You want it, this is where you earn it, right here. You do not want to  go to tribal.  One, two, three.  Jeff: Once you get it up that hill, you might be able to pull it in the sand.   Let's just go.  Come on, you guys.  Got to just keep going.  Go! Go!  Jeff: Mana got up the toughest part, which was that incline. You're good.  Unload those puzzle pieces.  Here we go, here we go.  Jeff: Nuku continues the try the make their way to the end. Tribal council  looming.  Punch it.  Jeff: It's going to be Sierra, Cirie and Aubry solving the puzzle for Mana.  I need a back piece here.  Right here. Yeah.  Jeff: You're good, Nuku. Unload pose puzzle pieces.  Come on, you guys.  Jeff: This is it. It will come down to the puzzle.  Hurry, hurry.  Jeff: Which three can work together the best.  Yes! Jeff, Jeff, Jeff.  Jeff: Mana thinks they have it. It would be one of the fastest finishes of a  puzzle in "Survivor" history. The. We got it. And they do! Mana  wins immonti, safe from tribal council.  What happened?  Good job, y'all.  Jeff: Mana, congratulations. Immunity is yours.  Thank you, Jeff.  Jeff: Thanks, Jeff.  Jeff: Nice job. Grab your stuff, head back to camp, enjoy the night off.  Nobody going home from Mana. Nuku, tribal council is tonight. Somebody will  be the sixth person voted out of this game and immediately after that Debbie will  join your tribe. Head back to camp with you. Grab you stuff, head back to  camp. See you tonight at tribal.  I hated that immunity challenge, hated every second of it. But i'm not going  anywhere. Tai's going home tonight unless Tai pulls out an idol. And i'm  hoping that's not the case.  Well, that sucked.  The immoneyty challenge was a butt kicker. We got our tushies handed to us,  and the only solace I’m can take is now we have an opportunity to get Sandra  out of this game. She's themost dangerous player arguably in the history of  "Survivor," so she's got to go. And as long as she and Varner think  that Tai is going home, we should be fine.  We got off the bottom of this real good.  Uh-huh.  Of all three times i've played "Survivor," I’m think this is the  first time I’m feel like something could go wrong. Varner is telling me that Tai  is going home. But I’m don't believe it. So I’m can't just hope for the best.  I’m need to assess the situation and work my magic.  You're smart, you know this game, you know this game, and if the merge is  coming, the last thing you guys need is Debbie, Tai, and Aubry together.  I laid out the scenario of the three. Aubry is still here, Debbie is still  here, and Tai is still here. They could say they're not best of friends, but  at the end of the day, these people share something no one else shares, they  played that one season together. When you come out to play a game like this,  you usually stick with what you know.  I don't like that.  Yeah.  You're a very strong female. Sarah is a very strong female. You're a very  strong male. And if you need somebody to help you, protect you, i'll keep my  eyes an my ears open. I'll let you know what's going on, what the scoop is,  who is coming after you, who is saying what about you. I’m can help you guys.   Yeah.  Everybody loves you right now, but when [bleeped] goes left and it's every  man for himself, you're going to go out the door. It always happens. You've  been there, been there done that.  The reason Sandra has won twice is because she doesn't come off as the most  dangerous person in the game. I’m almost feel like the way Sandra talks to  people is she's grooming us. She doesn't pressure you. Her voice never  raises. It's calm. And she just starts to suck you in.  Sandra is so good I’m was even considering what she was saying.  For sure.  Everybody's voting Sandra, even Varner.  No, Varner has in idea. Varner thinks it's Tai. I’m don't want her to get any  further in this game, but I’m do agree with a lot of what Sandra is saying  about the three going too far. It's very dangerous.  I think we all know that Tai is all over the place.  I think we all know that Tai is all over the place.  I'm getting really nervous. I’m feel like cerTain conversations i'm not  included. I'm not very smart compared to all these dangerous people. Sandra,  they're good at scheming and plotting. It's not the way I’m think, so it  makes me nervous when they walk away.  You guys, i'm freaking out.  Why?  Because everybody disappears.  I'm an easy vote. It's easy. Sandra. You're not going home. 100% positive.  That's what we talked about.  She charms everybody. I’m don't want her to get to the merge.  Tai just spilled the benz and told Varner that we're all voting for Sandra.  I was like, what the hell is he doing. It was stupid. It was unnecessary. It  didn't make any sense.  So you told Varner Sandra?  Yeah. I’m didn't throw any of your names out. I'm good. I’m have complete  faith with you guys. It's still a little nerve-racking, though. Sandra has  won twice. So we have to take her down. But I’m do feel like i'm in a risky  spot, but I’m can't get paranoid. I’m have two idols, so I’m should be safe.  Did he say why he wanted me out?  Just Sandra.  Sandra.  Coming into this game, I’m knew i'd have the biggest target on my back, and  now Tai is saying they're coming after me.  I'm going to act look i'm going home. Tonight's tribal council is all about  making sure that Tai is enemy number one. I'm going to set him up big time,  and i'm going the twist it around, and he will go home.  Jeff: It's your first time at tribal. Go ahead and grab a torch. Approach a  flame. Dip it in and get fire. We'll now bring in Debbie returning from exile  island. She will be joining your tribe at the end of tonight's tribal. Andrea,  day 16 of game changers. What is the state of the game?  So far in this game it's all about getting rid of the big threat. We're all  thinking, all right, I’m guess that's how this season is going. Let's find  the next big threat to get rid of.  Jeff: And yet Ozzy, there isn't really anybody here who isn't a threat. So are  there people you're debating between?  Every single day i'm debating between people. The bottom line is you can fit  in with a giant target just like me because you know they might take the hit  before I’m do. So it's a condition assistant debate.  Jeff: Sandra, he was looking at the back of your head.  It's been 16 great days, Jeff. But I’m think this is it for me.  Jeff: Really?  I went into the new Nuku tribe at the bottom, and in the three days i've been  there, no one has talked strategy to me.  Jeff: So you've not heard any names. You've just heard nothing.  I haven't heard any games. I’m just considered me they considered me a big  player.  Tai, you were watching Sandra, the whole time she was talking.  Yeah. I’m mean, what she described to put it accurate.  Jeff: So you think Sandra is going home tonight?  Well, I’m would not say that, because i'm worried tonight myself.  Jeff: Why are you worried?  Well, after taking out Malcolm, I’m made a game-changing move, so, yeah, i'm  --.  Jeff: Tai, you seem like you're lost in thought.  I'm paranoid. All these are big names like Sandra and Ozzy, and i'm nervous.  And what was your question? I'm sorry.  Jeff: I’m think you just answered it.  I don't know. Anything can go. I’m just hope i'm safe.  Jeff: So Sarah, Sandra is saying nobody is talking to her. Have you not heard  any names either.  No, i've heard a few names, and I’m think coming into tribal, some of us are  still open.  Jeff: Tai, that's why you're so nervous.  Yeah. I’m thought only one name was Sandra. But Sarah is saying there is  another name brought up that i'm not aware of. So I’m have no idea what's  happening. I’m thought we were together cohesively. Now who knowings.  Jeff: Sandra, that's what you want to hear?  If Tai wants to spit out a name, as long as it ain't me, i'll vote with you, Tai.   Can I’m do that in secret?  You can whisper in my ear.  All right. As long as it ain't me. Just don't whisper my name.  Yeah. Yeah.  Oh, okay.  Good?  Yeah. I'll do it.  Okay.  We need one more the make that happen.  How am I’m going to do that.  There's only three of us. You need four.  I need one more. All right. So do you want the share with all of us?  I'll share with you guys. Okay. What just happened. I’m just named Ozzy. I'm  just voting out the biggest guy. I’m know I’m can't compete against him. He's  a God. He does everything so well. He can dive, he can hold his breath, he  can swim. He can do everything so well. I’m know there's in way I’m can take  him in the immunity. And I’m can see that merge is coming up very soon. A  couple votes. So now is the time and...  Jeff: No everybody is talking.  Well, why not? Right? We're small people. He's big. Just do something. It's  up to you guys. You know i'm loyal.  Tai, I’m have a question fort you. Who do hou trust in this game? Because you  keep telling me that you trust me and that you trust Sarah and that you trust  Andrea and you trust Ozzy, maybe I’m want to vote with you, but how can I’m trust  you if I’m i don't know who else you trust in this game, and I’m also know  that you go run off and look for the idol all the time.  I'm not the one that looks for an idol all the time.  I don't know, Tai.  Can we just vote?  I'm ready to vote.  Sounds like i'm ready.  I'm ready.  Okay. It is time to vote. Andrea, you're up.  Oh, for God's sake, that was dramatic.  Tai, you're a fool. You threw my name out there. What you don't know, when  you come after me, I’m bury you. The queen stays queen, adios. The queen  stays queen, adios.  I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want  the play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are read,  the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal  council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Tai. Tai. Two votes  Tai. Sandra. Sandra. We're tied, two votes Tai, two votes Sandra. Sandra.  That's three votes Sandra. The suction person voted out, Sandra. That's four,  that's enough, you need to bring me your torch.  I wish you guys luck. It's okay. You guys knock it out.  Jeff: Sandra for the first time in 94 days of "Survivor," the tribe  has spoken.  Don't do it, Jeff, don't do it, Jeff, don't do it. [applause]  good luck.  The queen.  Jeff: Time for you to go.  All right. Bye.  Bye, Sandra. Well, once again I’m have no idea what just happened. And it's a  feeling i'm starting to get used to. Debbie, a torch and a Nuku buff will be  waiting for you back at camp. For the rest of you, great briTain your  torches. Head back to camp. Good night. Access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," Mana reaches their breaking point.  This game is hard.  Jeff: Alliances implode.  I am irate right now.  Jeff: And Varner seeings an opening.  I've got to throw the shade on somebody else.  I'd vote for Ozzy.  Jeff:  Jeff got to snuff my torch, but I’m did good considering i'm a two-time  winner. I’m owe a lot to "Survivor." but I’m love "Survivor"  and it's in my heart. And I’m know why I’m live the life I’m live, and it's  because of "Survivor." there will never be another two-time winner  except the queen.