<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor," at the Mana tribe, Hali and Michaela  were left out of the culpepper alliance.  I have people whom I’m want to go with.  Jeff: At the Nuku tribe, Varner knew his game was falling apart.  If i'm going home tonight, i'm going to cut them all off at the knees.  Jeff: At tribal council, Varner made a desperate move.  There is deception here, Jeff. Why haven't you told anyone you're  transgender.  But that's personal.  That has nothing to do with the game.  You didn't have to do that.  That is so wrong. Nobody has the right to out anybody.  Jeff: And he was voted out. Varner, the tribe has spoken. 13 are left. Who  will be voted out tonight.  Last night every last one of you forgave Varner, and I’m don't forgive that  guy yet.  Okay.  That's okay if you do.  That's fine. I’m want to give Varner a little comfort. It's just  compassionate. That's who I’m am.  That's okay. And I’m don't care that you did that. And I’m hope you're not  mad at me for not.  Absolutely not. He took away so much from Zeke. Thinking about it right now,  i'm a little bit emotional about it.  I come from a very conservative background. I’m don't know any transgender  people until now, and the fact i've been with Zeke and gotten to know him as  a american from from -- as a person from day one, I’m love that guy, and it  doesn't change who he is to me. If anything it makes us stronger I’m feel. So  I’m woke up this morning, and Zeke is Zeke. I’m almost don't feel like it's  real. I’m only know you as Zeke, you know what i'm saying?  Yeah, I’m didn't want people the cry and yell, so I’m was like, all right,  we're okay.  I know, but that wasn't cool.  No, it wasn't. And I’m was very touched by how everyone responded. One of the  reasons I’m didn't tell people is I’m wanted people to see me as myself.  Often in my life, when I’m tell people i'm trans that's what they're  interested in, and everything else about me gets pushed to the wayside, but  "Survivor" makes you tough. It makes you resilient, and it makes  you adaptable. And I’m think I’m had all those qualities before, but they've  cerTainly been strengthened and grown. And I’m think I’m was able to be a  little more brave and a little bolder to help others and also to get over my  own fears and to get over my own, you know, issues and complexes and  insecurities of being transgender.  I'm glad it's, you know, we moved past that.  Yeah.  Yeah.  It's bringing us all closer together.  I really, raely like the people i'm playing with. It is heartening in this  game that often your lowest moment, you know, when something bad does happen  to you, that people who are out to get you in some regard do stand in your  defense and do come to your defense. I’m was truly touched, but in the  meantime, there's still a task i'm committed. To i'm here to one $1 million.  I'm here the play "Survivor." so let's just get back to it.  Jeff: Come on in, guys.  We walk into the challenge, and there's a buffet on the table. It is a merge  feast. So you're happy.  Oh, my God. Look.  But at the same time, there's Jeff next to a table, covered. So it's like,  uh-oh, something ain't right.  My heart is pounding for that food right now.  Sierra, even as you were walking up and you noticed there was clearly a merge  feast, you said, "my heart is pounding."  it's still racing. Jeff, i'm starving.  Jeff: Ozzy, how important is food right now?  We're all incredibly hungry. And we're hyper aware of the importance of that  as well as what is under there.  Jeff: That's interesting because that's about to come into play. Before we  officially merge, you have one last decision to make as tribes. In order to  enjoy this beautiful meal, one person from each tribe must volunteer to not  take part.  Oh, my God. Captioning funded by cbs [ theme song playing]  Jeff: If we don't have two volunteers, one from each tribe, to sit out of the  feast, the feast goes away and instead you will celebrate the merge with an  individual cracker and a swig of iced tea.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Big dilemma. Zeke, this decision is quite layered and complicated.  You know, on the one hand, I’m could give me allies a chance to eat, if i'm  willing to take the burden upon myself, but on the other hand, I’m might need  that fuel because everybody might be coming after me.  I'll do it. I'll do it. I’m got it. I’m got it. I’m got it. I’m can catch  fish. I’m promise you.  Jeff: So culpepper, you immediately said, i'll do it.  I got it. It's what monica would do.  Here's the deal with Brad culpepper, because I’m don't like the way he came  out in the first blood versus water, so Brad falls on his sword to be the  hero and the brave profinder. I’m think this is very much part of the  culpepper brand, sacrifice themselves for others.  Jeff: All right. We have a volunteer from Mana. Nuku, tough decision? Anybody  over there willing to say,ly -- I’m will do this?  I don't think I’m can do it.  I have decided.  Jeff: Tai, you've decided?  Yes. I’m think these guys enjoy it more than I’m do.  Jeff: Andrea, surprised by how quickly two people stood up and said, it's in  the that big a deal.  It doesn't surprise me Tai would do that. He's so selfless, he's so caring.  I'm just so thankful. Seriously.  It's fine. I'm good.  Jeff: All right. We have our two volunteers. Brad from Mana, Tai from Nuku.  Make the last tribe decisions because we are officially merged. Everybody can  drop your buffs.  Brad and Tai got brownie points because you provided for everybody in a  sense. But that makes me suspicious because everything in this game is calculated.   Jeff: So Brad and Tai, you guys are going to head down the beach. You'll find  a log with two yellow merge buffs. Head out.  Bye, guys. Thank you.  Jeff: Everybody else, enjoy your feast.  Oh, my God.  This is the best merge feast I’m think i've ever feast.  Pineapple.  Who wants some ham?  I want so ham.  Am I’m going to be sick? I’m made the merge. I’m have food. I’m feel like a  whole new woman. And now i'm going to go in guns blazing, and i'm ready the  make some moves. But I’m also have my legacy advantage. But I’m can only use  it when there are 13 or six people left in the game. But i'm willing to do  whatever it takes to keep it in my back pocket until the final six.  Man, there goes my figure. I’m was doing good. Once the merge happen,  everything takes off like a jet plane. Yeah, we all happy and we're eating  and drinking and last suppering together, but people having conversation,  people are reuniting, everybody is sizing people up. And things are going to  start flying. People's heads are going to start rolling. So this is where I’m  step my game up.  Congratulations, everybody. Congratulations, everybody.  Poor Brad and Tai.  Brad is amazing because Brad is starving for real, guys.  I love you Tai and Brad.  Don't worry.  I love you guys.  In football you're only as good as your next game. I’m made the merge.  Awesome. It's in my rear-view mirror. I'm looking straight ahead whom is the  next person going to be? It's not going to be me.  I'm glad we merged.  Tai and I’m connected prior to today on numerous occasions. I’m think i've  taken over his Caleb role from last season. I’m think I’m can trust Tai going  forward. On my old tribe, Michaela and Hali were on the bottom, so I’m want  to gun for them first.  How are things over there? What's going on?  First of all, i've got Sierra, we got Troyzan, we got a lot of leverage. Michaela  we target and Hali were targets early.  Like the bottom?  Why?  Because we don't need them. It's a game of numbers.  You feel comfortable and solid, i'm happy because we can join in.  We get rid of those people first and we'll reconvene.  Perfect.  I love Brad. He and I’m have a lot of things in common. So I’m think he has  my back. I’m have a number. I'm comfortable. I'm happy.  What are they cheering for?  What did you have? Did you drink?  Oh, yeah.  Shake it with me, girl.  Okay, everybody.  Little Debbie got loose. She was taking it all over the place. I’m think  alcohol was an excuse for Debbie to go Debbie on us.  We'll go two together.  I can see you trunks right now.  I'm okay that other people think i'm drinking. But I’m never had a sip of  alcohol.  Debbie, are you drunk?  Tai...  Oh, my God. She just mooned me.  I love you, babe.  If I’m have to pretend to be drunk and do a bad twerking and a shaking of my  booty the crack these people up and feel very comfortable with me, i'll do  it.  I love you all, man. Nobody's going home. I’m love you all, man. At this  point 13 is still a large number in this game, and you don't know where their  alliances are, so relationships absolutely matter because if you think our  camp is not going to be full-blown pandemonium, you're a fool.  Welcome home. It's all right, right?  Not too shabby.  It's just like we left it, huh?  Congrats for making the merge.  One happy family now.  Good the see you.  Good to see you.  I'm sorry I’m yelled at you and I’m snapped. You get hungry and stressed.  I know. I’m know. I'm on your side. I’m know you are.  I swallowed my pride and I’m did apologize to Brad because on exile cochran  said extend the olive branch all the way around. We kissed and made up. I’m wanted  to make sure that me and Brad were as solid as we could be in a game of  deception and intrigue.  I'll tell the Varner story. Here's the thing, we get the tribal council, and  we're not five minutes in before Varner takes it upon himself to say Zeke is deceiving  you because what Zeke is not telling you is that Zeke is transgender.  That's what he said?  Which is true.  Wait, just let him talk.  I am. So it happened in a way that I’m wasn't crazy about. I’m think i'm like  all of you, and forever changed and forever evolved by my experience on  "Survivor." and i'm a much stronger and more capable person in that  moment.  Good deal.  I was so proud of Zeke. Amazing. More respect for Zeke in telling his story  than I’m do for handful of these jokers in knowing them for 20 days. And I’m think  Zeke is right, the experience of going on "Survivor" makes you  tough. And nothing is going to be easy about the merge. There are 13 people  at this camp, and now the game at hand is figure out where people stand and  who is in the loop and who is out of it.  Look, whatever we want to do at this point with you guys, you, you, Sierra  and...  I got Debbie in my back pocket.  Everybody on my side, line everybody is cool.  Right.  My number-one coal is reconnecting and strengthening the bonds of people I’m haven't  been work people I’m maybe had a rocky time. With bonded with Tai. Debbie has  apologized and with Sierra and myself and Troyzan. So far so good.  We're going to do whatever we want at this point.  Either Michaela or Hali?  That's fine.  I was thinking Michaela first.  Yeah. She may be good at challenges.  For sure.  She was always first on my list.  If i'm just thinking about myself and who I’m can play best with, I’m don't  feel that good about Michaela. Her reputation proceeds her a little bit, and  in the long term I’m don't really trust her. So right now i'm getting  everything together to get on the same page, and Michaela would be the first  gobble up after the merge.  As long as we go Michaela first, we can be in the driver's seat after that.  I'm fine with that. Cool, dude.  Michaela first to go?  I think so.  Okay.  We're going Michaela.  Oh, all right.  I think Michaela. Everybody's good.  Huh. If that's how it's going, I’m guess that's it.  I think there is a consensus to get rid of Michaela then Hali, boom, boom,  boom.  It's going to be Michaela first.  Okay.  1400%.  I'm good. I'm good.  That's easy.  Okay.  That's pretty. I’m like that.  Maku Maku?  Yeah.  Okay. Who are you concerned about?  Michaela.  I think Ozzy wants to help.  She better not win immunity.  So she's first.  So me and Brad don't care to work with Michaela. I’m think she's a little  shifty. She's tough to be around. She's a loose cannon. She's a beast at  challenges.  She will sneak up on every conversation. There's many threats that Michaela  has that keeping her in the game will hurt a lot of us. It's so easy if we  just stick to the plan.  Stick to the plan.  Right.  Hold on.  Here comes Michaela. This girl is driving me bonkers. Every time I’m talk to  somebody, here comes Michaela, creeping around a bush. She will not anybody  talk.  Are you having a private conversation?  No. We're just doing our laundry.  She's also very blunt and doesn't have a lot of tact.  What did you tell people about me?  I said you're really good at challenges and that you always knew what you  were thinking because you would write it on your face.  Yeah?  I'm constantly on edge with Michaela around. This has to be a blind side. She  can't know her name is getting tossed around. If one thing sets Michaela off,  we're all going down.  Something is... Someone is on the roof dropping stuff.  What's up there? Is that a chicken?  Fricking idiots.  It's like me and you and Andrea, Sarah. It's the four of us.  To the end. I’m believe that 100%.  If Michaela is first vote, obviously what's next?  Right.  We have to strike before them.  Right.  Michaela could be a potential number for us to work with going forward, this  vote is a bigger deal than anyone is letting on. There have been two sort of  natural groups, fighting to get in a power position moving forward. It's Cirie,  Sarah, Andrea and myself. Then there's Brad and Ciera's group. I’m think  everyone is wondering, is the other side going to strike first, and i'm going  to be caught with my pants down.  Word up, straight up and down, this chicken got to get off the roof, because  it keeps dropping stuff on me.  We have to strike first. These are ths last moments of people pretending to  get along.  What's it doing up there?  I don't know.  Smile before the bloodbath.  Hey.  That's why she went up there.  Who's that?  Andrea.  Click, click, click, click, click. Nice.  We're fixing a chair and a piece of it broke off.  We need a screwdriver.  I know.  Going into a merge, it's just like, people are everywhere. There's pockets of  conversation everywhere. You can't keep track of who is all talking. There's  not a lot of people that I’m feel like are working with me at this point in  the game. Seems like Michaela is on the chopping block, but I’m want to work  with Michaela. I’m think that she's a great person, but she's also a good  number for me right now. So I’m just need to light a fire under mcdonald's  butt to start getting some strategy on that's going to help me.  Utah dawe.  Good job!  At this point in the game I’m don't know who has numbers. [inaudible]  you can become a target very quickly here. Like i've already heard my name,  and I’m haven't done anything. And that really kind of pissed me off. I'm  about to explode. Being out of the loop at this point in the game is very  dangerous. I'm going to have to find some people that I’m can trust so i'm  not the one going home. And maybe that person is Cirie. I’m actually heard  that my name is coming up. That's like the one way to piss me off.  You're a very smart girl.  Yeah.  You have to control your emotions.  Yeah.  You can't shut down when everybody is else is talking.  Uh-huh.  You can't have that experience. So I’m was going to pull you to the side just  from a woman to woman to tell you, chill out with that, whatever has been  going through your head, if you're hungry, get unhungry, if you're mad, get  unmad.  I got to work on that.  Yes. I’m used to be that. Michaela wears her heart on her sleeve. I’m used to  be like that. Literally when I’m was mcdonald's age, Michaela's age, I’m was  a hothead. I’m thought I’m knew everything. But i've learned when you put  that guard up, you push people away. And the game like "Survivor,"  you want to bring as many people in as possible. You don't want to be pushing  people away or making people feel uncomfortable.  I don't know how to knave gait this whole merge thing. I’m have never been  here before.  You just got to be easy. Let me tell you something, you have to let that go  and just be as regular as you possibly can. Because if you make any tension,  it don't take a lot here for them to look at you. You can take that from this  game, your reputation follows you. People's perception is their reality. No  matter what reality is real, what reality really is, it's what they think.  That's what's real to them.  Cirie and I’m had a real straight up heart-to-heart conversation because we  do have a lot of similarities, and Cirie has skyrocketed in trust with me.  And i'm extremely excited to play with her. This is a game-changing season. I’m  don't know that i've seen two black women go to the end, you may have guessed  it from my aura, I’m want to show people we can work together.  Uh-huh. Right now Michaela is public enemy number one, but I’m like Michaela,  and as a human, and as a older person to a younger person, you want to save  her and if I’m can do that that's one person that I’m can count on to have my  back.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. You guys ready to get to your first individual  immunity challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: First things first, Ozzy, take back tribal immunity. Thank you. Tribal  immunity, no more. Individual immunity is what you covet. Funky looking. With  this around your neck, you are safe. Without it, you are not. Shall we get to  today's challenge?  Yeah.  Jeff: For today's challenge, you're going to stand on your toes with a block  wedged between your head and the top of the frame. The longer the challenge  goes, the more fatigued your legs will become. When they finally give out,  blocks will drop, you're out. Last person left standing wins immunity, safe  at tribal council, loser somebody will be the eighth person voted out of this  game. We'll draw for spots, we'll get started. All right. Go ahead and put  the block above you. I'm going to count you in. Three, two, one. All right.  Everybody drop your hands. Everybody looks good. This challenge is on. Very  simple. You cannot touch the frame. Hali is out within seconds. Troyzan is  out. Zeke is out. We're down to ten. Three people drop within three seconds.  Walk of shame.  Jeff: I’m was saying you cannot touch the frame and you cannot touch the  block. This is going to hurt instantly.  I'm already shaking. That's crazy.  Jeff: Fight through that pain. It doesn't have to be pretty. Cirie is out.  She could feel it slipping. This is a challenge you can't drift at all.  Hold it, hold it, hold it.  Jeff: Michaela chanting. Talking to herself. Whatever it takes.  Relax.  Jeff: Michaela wobbling. An amazing recovery. Her block actually separated  but did not drop and she recovered. Debbie can't hang in any longer. Debbie  is out. We're down to eight.  Hold it. Hold it. Hold it.  Jeff: Michaela struggling. Her block now slowly working its way toward the  become of the frame.  Hold it.  Jeff: Michaela on the edge. Michaela is now out. Take a spot on the bench. We  are quickly down to seven. Six dropped quickly. The seventh left looking  good. We are only five minutes in to what could easily go over an hour.  We'll work on our tan.  Jeff: That's how much pain you're going to have to fight through to win this.  Ozzy doing a little dance, trying to keep that blood circulating, keep those  muscles working. Ozzy out of nowhere drops. Ozzy is out. Aubry wobbling. Aubry  drops out of nowhere. And we're down to five. You're going to earn this  immunity. That first tribal council after the merge is such a dangerous point  in the game.  Sure is.  Everybody's come together. Nobody really knows where the truth is.  Sure don't.  Jeff: Culpepper struggling. Culpepper out of the challenge, and we're down to  four first individual immunity challenge with a big tribal council.  Individual immunity challenge with a big tribal council. 25 minutes in, a few  people lasted less than 25 seconds. Three women, one man, this challenge has  never been won by a woman.  Uh-oh.  Jeff: Sierra fighting off lots of little spasms, off balance but recovers. Sierra  out of nowhere drops and we're down to three. Just like that Sierra is out,  legs very stiff. And we're down to two. Tai and Andrea. Andrea ate at the  merge feast. Tai did not. Will that be the difference as they battle it out  in the 34th season of "Survivor"? Tai hasn't budged. Andrea  wobbling. This really hurts. It does. This is "Survivor" right  here. Who wants it more? Tai drops out of nowhere. Tai is out. Andrea wins  the first individual immunity, becoming the first woman to win this  challenge.  You're great.  Jeff: Andrea, come on over. [applause] first person the wear this necklace,  individual immunity is yours, safe tonight at tribal council. Cannot be voted  out of this game. As for the rest of you, you know the drill. 21 days is not  enough. For somebody your dream will fall short. You'll become the eighth  person voted out of "Survivor: Game changers." grab your stuff.  We'll see you tonight at tribal council. Congrats.  Tonight's vote seems so simple. However, this is "Survivor: Game  changers." no vote is easy. Everyone has ulterior notives. So tonight's  tribal council is about who is going to take control of this game.  Nice job, Andrea.  Thank you.  How long do you think you could have gone?  The key is keeping it so hard against your head. As of now I’m feel like i'm  the person who is in charge. I’m love having control. From what I’m see my  perspective, there's the big group and we have our outsiders who are Hali and  Michaela. I’m think Michaela going home tonight is what's best, but i'm  really were rid about an idol getting played. I’m played with Hali before.  She's insanely confident this time around and playing a whole different game.  I’m think Hali has an idol. I’m don't know. That's my gut. And i'm thinking  if you guys are down, splitting Michaela and Hali. Mostly Michaela.  Yeah.  Seeing Hali play this time versus the time I’m played with her before, she's  playing completely different. That triggers something that she might have an  idol.  Okay.  This time it won't matter. Right now the numbers are so big, I’m just want to  split it between those two in case there is an idol.  What's going on?  So there's four people who are going Hali.  Okay.  Everybody else is going Michaela. So Michaela is going home tonight.  And Hali has the idol?  Yeah.  Who are we telling them that we are voting for?  Should we stick with Michaela?  Yes.  So we're telling them that we're voting Zeke?  Yes.  I don't have a clue what's going on. I'm so confused.  He has the absolutely best story.  Everyone's just saying Zeke, so i'm going to put disek's name down because  what else do I’m have right now? But i'm not comfortable.  I don't care. I’m just feel like my name's about to get written down for some  reason.  I don't particularly like to vote for Michaela. Is that good for my game? Why  would I’m just go with that plan? Because Sierra says so? Being that there  were two option, Michaela or Hali, why not Hali?  What's up?  So the vote as it stands is supposed to be Michaela, Hali, right?  That's to my knowledge.  My only concern is the reason they want Michaela is because they want to  bring in Hali. So if we do that, we kind of setting them up.  I thought the concern with Hali was that she potentially has an idol.  That's what they're saying, but I’m don't know. I’m just know that they're  going to increase their numbers, and if they do that, where does that leave  us?  Sure.  Tonight's vote is the opening shot in a war between two alliances, and I’m think  everyone sees Michaela and Hali as potential soldiers in their army. So this  vote is making sure the other side is one man down.  Just watch and see if they try to convince you Michaela instead of Hali and I’m  bet they probably will. But I’m don't see the advantage in that except for  that side.  So i'm just now getting the word on how the votes are going. I'm a little  perplexed why we aren't putting the majority of the votes on Hali.  Why we're not?  Seems like if she has an idol and she doesn't play it, then she's left in the  game with an idol.  This is where we're at. She's going to come become and wreak havoc.  Then we vote her out in two days.  If you're that uncomfortable...  It didn't make a whole lot of sense to me.  We can do whatever. It's a lot of people. We just need the stay calm. There  are obviously arguments on both sides.  Here's the thing, you can't win the war unless you have a sufficient army.  And if Michaela goes home, that's one less person that I’m can count on.  Guess what? There's a new sheriff in town. [laughter]  i'm trying the save your life right now. They're lying about me.  My name is on the chopping block, but I’m don't want to explode at all,  because that's not going to help me in this situation. I'm super thankful to  have Cirie here. My life is completely in Cirie's hands, and I’m trust it  there. That's why I’m like the play with people I’m trust.  I'm trying the save you. You can't tell anybody. You hear me? Nothing.  Uh-huh.  Jeff: Everybody is on edge.  Everybody is watching everybody. So I’m need Michaela to vote for Zeke to  stick with the plan so nobody knows Cirie is the one that changed the plan.  Just tell me how to vote.  Stay with the vote for Zeke.  Thank you.  For me tonight's tribal council is about saving a person that I’m can depend  on and use for the numbers on our side. And if I’m pull this off, the future  of my game is looking good. Good.  Jeff: Cirie, the last person to make it to tribal. Here's a torch for you.  Grab it. Light it up. This is part of the ritual at tribal council because in  this game fire represents your life in the game, and when it's out, so are  you. 13 people, Zeke, the game goes from two tribes to this mass of  individuals. How big a shift is it in how you have to look at the game?  It's insanity, Jeff. I’m mean, there are so many people to watch and so many  people you can't watch. You just have to accept that there's going to be a lot  happen j around you and there is nothing you can do to control it.  Jeff: Andrea, if you were explaining the merge to somebody who had never seen  "Survivor," what would you say? This is the point in game where  what happens?  This is the point in the game where lines are drawn. The first couple votes  after the merge are huge. It will show where the alliances are. It sets the  tone for the rest of the game.  Jeff: Debbie, is it a little bit like musical chairs, circling, waiting for  the music to stop and grab a seat?  Well, not tonight it won't be. I’m don't expect to be shocked tonight.  Jeff: Hali, when you hear Debbie say, well, i'm not going to be shocked  tonight, does that make you feel good, like this is what I’m think, too, or  does that make you uneasy because this is news to you?  I'm in the dark on this tribal vote. I’m feel like i'm in a room of people  carrying rifles, and three or four of us are blind folded. One of us is going  to get shot. I’m don't know which one it is.  Jeff: Wow. Michaela, you were nodding your head. Do you agree with Hali.  Yeah, basically weren't trying to talk to me today.  Jeff: So you're worried tonight?  Of course, but if people were playing a truly individual game, they would  look at all these different relationships that are here, they'd look at who  is a threat to them, who plays this game more strategically, and then they  would look at who randomly has their name on the chopping block but has no  reason behind it. So i'm just trying to understand what's guiding people's  vote, but I’m kind of feel like, hey, we're a little bit in the dark.  Jeff: Tai, how do you figure out what vote to make tonight when there are so  many people and yet, as Andrea said, this could be a very significant vote.  You have to look not just to the vote tonight. You have to look into the next  two or three, the next vote down the line.  Jeff: Ozzy, at some point a name has to be said, well, what about this  person. From your point of view, what's the criteria?  Risk. Also the possibility of an idol being played, and it's possible to  point the vote at the person who may or may not have an idol, those are big  questions in this game.  Jeff: Debbie, has that been a big topic, idol, and whether or not somebody  would have one and if so we should target them?  I love tribal. It is the quintessence of the game. This is the coliseum. You  live or you die here. And tonight I’m still find it exciting, but I’m think  now, the present, is always a good time to try to flush an idol.  Jeff: Cirie, are there ever people at camp that say, i'll strip down, i'll  walk to tribal naked, I’m don't have an idol.  Jeff: The person who is thought to have the idol, they may not know they're  that person to say, here's my pocket, I’m don't have it. If you think a  person has an idol, you don't tap them on the shoulder and say, hey, I’m think  you got an idol.  Hey, if this is an an opportunity to do, that i'll shake down in front of  everyone right now.  Jeff: So Hali, you're concerned that you're the one that they think has the  idol and that's why you've been blindfolded. If I’m am, someone can tell me  if that's necessary. I'm just here to die another day, not this day.  Jeff: Zeke, why wouldn't you take somebody up on that offer? It's just more  information.  I think nobody wants to be the person that says, oh, yeah, go ahead, Hali,  dump your bag out.  Well, if you want to be more secure, you can man up, tell me. We can do a pat  strip search here to settle things. If that's not what needs to do it on my  own. If someone asks me, I’m shiewferl will, though.  Jeff: Aubry, brick me some clarity. Why would Hali say i'm willing to empty  my bag and show you I’m don't have an idol, but i'm not willing to do it if  somebody is not willing to ask me to do it.  I think that's the sign of a good Survivor player. We can say we want to be  as up front and as clear as possible, but there is always a shroud of mystery  in this game, and things can change on a dime.  Well, I’m would invite people to look at the blindfolded people. Aren't they  the weaklings in this game? Are they really the game changers? Is that the  wrong side of the numbers, guys?  Jeff: Sierra, Hali is saying, if you're targeting me, you're making a huge  mistake. Take a target out, not me.  I mean, yeah, that makes absolute sense. Free agents are key in this game  because they do make numbers. But there's a time and a place to gather those  numbers, and is it now? Is it the beginning of the game? You don't know.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Troyzan, you're up. Troyzan, you're up.  This is to save your life and mine. Hopefully this brings us longevity in the  game. Hopefully this brings us longevity in the game.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want the play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Zeke. Zeke.  Two votes Zeke. Michaela. Hali. Michaela. Hali. Two votes Zeke, two votes Michaela,  two votes Hali. That's three votes Michaela. Hali. Three votes Hali. Michaela.  Four votes Michaela. Hali. Four votes Hali. Four votes Michaela. Two votes Zeke.  Hali. That's five votes Hali. Eighth person voted out and first member of our  jury, Hali. That's six, that's enough, need to bring me your torch.  Okay.  Jeff: Hali, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  I enjoyed meeting every one of you. May the best player win.  All right.  Jeff: With tonight's vote, we have our first member of the jury, which means  every vote from here on out becomes part of your resume should you make it to  the end. Great briTain your torches. Head back to camp. Good night.  I just feel like these people are dumb. Why did you vote me out? You want to  sit with the big strong strategic players? Or do you want to sit with the  herd of goat? I'm just thankful to be on the jury and still be part of the  game. I’m don't know what I’m did wrong. For whatever reason i'm out and  they're still in, so power to them.  Michaela, how did you sleep?  Perfectly. It was the most peaceful rest ever.  Cirie stuck her neck all the way out for me in tribal council, and i'll do  the same for her if i'm put in a position where I’m can.  Don't let anybody know that I’m had anything to do with or we had any  conversation. You should be able to trust me now. I’m did everything in my  power to make that happen. Here comes Brad.  For somebody of my background, black american female, to be able to play with  another black american female, there's a level of trust that is there  automatically, so i'm defering to her right now, because she understands the  dynamics of what's going on more than me, and last thing I’m want to do is  mess up her game when she tried to help mine.  What's the word?  I think you're more in the know than I’m am. I’m typically hear the news from  you.  At tribal I’m voted for Michaela, and Michaela voted for Zeke to go, which  was with the plan, but I’m have my own ideas in my own game that I’m want to  play, so this next tribal council is going to likely drag it loose.  Everything is going to be out in the open and the war is going to start.  Brad and Sierra is one. I’m don't think we need them.  I know where I’m stand with them. Brad or Sierra, then, you know, i'm  skipping to the voting booth.  The way I’m Sierra nevada brewing co. And Brad, Sierra is like the Godfather.  And she's controlling Brad, who is controlling Troyzan. So if... It's like a  chain. If we cut the top link off the chain, it's just going to shatter. So I’m  think she could be potentially on the chopping block.  If we wanted to vote Brad or Sierra out, I’m don't think there's a single  person besides Brad or Sierra that wouldn't be on board with that.  Zeke is willing. Andrea is down. I’m trust Sarah, and I’m know Michaela will  go along with it. We're ready for war. We are soldiered up. I’m think it's  four people that I’m know solid. That's Zeke, myself, Andrea, Sarah. Tai's  with -- five with you, six with Michaela, and seven with Ozzy.  I feel like I’m am in the middle of a big italian family brawl. There are two  sides, and Cirie is like my black italian grandma or aunt. She's more like an  aunt. And if i'm going to be on team Cirie, that's fine with me.  Sorry.  That's okay.  So I’m want to talk a little, like check in long-term for you.  I'm fine with still figuring out a side, because we have to get there first.  But Sierra is glancing over here. She's so nervous about us. I'm dying to get  out Brad or Sierra. I'm starting to gather numbers to slowly take over this  game, which would be ideal. Sierra and Brad, they're nervous about us.  As we are nervous about them.  Exactly.  But I’m don't think we can tell Debbie or Tai. Debbie is playing really hard,  and she is with Sierra.  If you guys are chatting...  No, no, no.  Typically i'm in control. But I’m haven't seen a clear picture so far,  because most of my information has been told to me from Cirie and from Andrea.  They're in control. Something is not right. I'm not in the position I’m want  to be in in the game.  Debbie isn't with us.  I don't know.  She's a wild card. I’m think she would do whatever. She talks about thinking.   The last time I’m played, I’m might have shot for the moon too early. But if  you're going to live with regret, you live with the regret of making the move  too early or the regret of not getting the chance to make a move at all. You  got to regret making a move. That's just... You got to play.  Take out Sierra and take out Debbie, and that works because she's shady.  That's why we have to keep our eye on Sierra. We have to take her out next.  To be honest, Brad and Sierra, they're sort of a threat, but they're not  really a threat. But I’m look at Cirie and Andrea as much bigger strategic  threats than Sierra. They are trying to control the game. So I’m could get  out Cirie or Andrea in this vote right now. Why wait?  Jeff: Come on in, guys. You guys ready to get to today's reward challenge in  yes.  Jeff: For today's challenge, you'll be divided into two teams of six. On my  go, two players from each team will swim out and retrieve a net filled with  wooden fish. Bring it back the shore where two other tribe members will untie  those fish, hook them to a pole, and carry it to the finish where two  remaining tribe members will use the fish to solve a puzzle. First team to  get it right wins reward. Want to know what you're playing for in  yeah.  Jeff:  oh, yeah.  Jeff: A day of luxury.  Oh, my God. The winning team will be taken to the marshal's lounge where you  will enjoy a shower with soap and shampoo. You'll dry off in egyptian cotton  towels.  Jeff, stop.  Jeff: Relax in fluffy designer robes. Pamper yourself with lotion. An when  you're good and clean, a little more comfort in the form of burgers.  Oh, burgers.  Jeff: Apple pie.  Apple pie.  Too good to be true.  Jeff: Worth playing for?  Yes.  Jeff: We're going to do a schoolyard pick. We'll get started. Here we go.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: All right. We have our two teams. Sarah was a capTain. She picked  culpepper, Aubry, Michaela, Cirie and Sierra. Andrea was a capTain. She chose  Tai, Ozzy, Troyzan, Debbie and Zeke. Here we go for reward. A day of luxury. Survivors  ready? Go! It is Sarah and culpepper for orange. Troyzan and Ozzy for blue. Troyzan  doing the knots above the water while Ozzy goes underwater. And beth cull  pepper and Sarah are under water. Once you get 'em untied, you can start  pulling those fish in. Culpepper releases his knots above the water. Ozzy  underwater a long time for blue. Sarah and culpepper have their fish free.  Nice, guys.  Jeff: Troyzan and Ozzy still struggling with those last knots.  There's a fish in the water.  A fish.  Sarah, get the fish.  Sarah, go get it.  Jeff: Sarah and culpepper, you got to get it.  Go get it, Jeff.  Jeff: Sarah now swimming after it. That will give Ozzy and Troyzan time.  Keep going, guys.  Jeff: Culpepper now having to pull that very heavy net all by himself. Troyzan  and Ozzy now closing the gap.  Way to go, troy and Ozzy. We got it. We're ahead.  Jeff: It's now blue in the lead. The biggest reward of the season. Both teams  clearly want it.  You got it, guys.  Jeff: Ozzyy and Troyzan going to left it and start walking. You got to drop  it on the mat. Go! It is now Andrea and Tai untying fish for blue. Here comes  culpepper and Sarah right behind. You can see how heavy these pieces are.  Drop it. You're good. Sarah and culpepper, you're done. It's now Aubry and Michaela.  We are very tight right now. Tai's going to keep on tying. Andrea starting to  hook the fish now.  Good job, Andrea  Jeff: There are 14 fish. You have to get them on all the hooks and then  transport them up to the puzzle station. Michaela now hooking fish for orange  while Aubry unties.  Good girl. Way the play.  Jeff: There will be 14 when you're finished. Two on every hook. Andrea and Tai  take off.  You're missing one. Hey, get back here. Come on. Come on, guys. You're  missing one.  Tai!  Jeff: You got to go back. Another setback for blue. Andrea and Tai raced out  without all their pieces. That opens the door for Michaela and Aubry who do  have all their pieces. They're now back in the lead. A huge mistake by Tai  and Andrea. And you can see it playing out right now. Exhaustion setting in.  You're good. It's now Sierra and Cirie starting to work on the puzzle for  orange. Tai and Andrea thought they had a good system. They got ahead of  themselves, and it has cost them a lot of time. And now they have to carry  that pole again. Back to the finish.  You got it, guys. We got it, we got it, we got it!  Jeff: Cirie and Sierra already starting to work on that puzzle. Zeke and Debbie  now have to get all the pieces off before they can start. This is the kind of  time advantage that can win challenge. Blue had a huge lead and blew it. Now Zeke  and Debbie will have to make up time on the puzzle. Marshal's lounge for the  winner. Camp and a hot afternoon for the losers. You're solving two puzzles  side by side. Both have to be right. Like any good "Survivor"  puzzle, you won't know you're right until that last piece fits in. Cirie and Sierra  have one puzzle complete. If it's right, Debbie and Zeke trying to catch up. Cirie  and Sarah starting to struggle with their second puzzle. Didn't go together  nearly as easily as that first one did.  No, Debbie, here.  Jeff: Zeke thinks he has something. Zeke and Debbie mao moving very quickly.  This would be a big come-from-behind if they can pull this out.  There you go.  Jeff: Cirie and Sarah now think they have it.  No, here, here, here. I’m got it.  Drew: Zeke thinks he has it now.  Yes, yes, right there.  Jeff: This is going to come down to the wire. Who will get it first.  Hurry, hurry.  Where?  Here.  Okay.  Yep. Jeff!  Jeff: Debbie and Zeke think they have it. And they do. Marshal's lounge for Zeke,  Debbie, Troyzan, Tai, Ozzy, an Andrea.  Oh, my God. Andrea, Debbie, Zeke, Troyzan, Ozzy, Tai, you will have day of  pampering, food, while the other six head back to camp. You know what that's  like. Grab you stuff, head out.  Oh, my God.  We lost the marshal's spa day. And it's a huge letdown, but i'm finding  myself in the middle. I’m have options. And it's just going to be which group  wants to vote out the person that I’m want to vote out. That's where i'm  going to go.  We come back the camp after we lose the marshal's reward challenge.  It's nobody's fault.  It was up to Sierra and toy win it. You could not do it today. You feel like  a loser. Am I’m going to do anything? Or am I’m going to be successful at  anything?  Sometimes if you just have a breakdown, you feel better. I'm so on the edge  of breaking down.  I had kids young, so I’m worked really hard to provide. I’m never wanted to  be in a position that my kids needed something. But this game, it takes you  to the deepest like most hurtful places that you have ever felt, especially  in a loss like today. Not being able to get it for them is like not being  able to provide for your family.  This game is so hard. I’m forget every time how hard it is. Don't make me  cry.  Imagine if you had four kids and they didn't eat for three days. And you were  responsible. To go get them food, and you don't. You feel worthless. You  don't ever want the feel that. So I’m worked hard in my life to not ever feel  that. And it takes you like right back there, like are you worthless. It's  crazy. It's a lot. My family is my motivation. I’m plan on winning for them.  I’m guess that's where it gets emotional for me.  It's not your fault.  It's not your fault.  Thank you, marshal. So good.  Marshal's put together an amazing spa experience for us. This is the biggest  reward we've had yet.  We have the shower.  There it is, really beautiful, towel, amazing chaise lounges and  coconut-scented shampoo and conditioner.  Oh, my God. We get to eat this.  Who wns a coke?  We walked into the spa. The first thing I’m noticed is the smell. We're so  deprived out here from a lot of smells. We all smell like campfire and sweat.  So smelling the nice perfumes, that alone is a reward in and of itself.  I heard about drinking in the '80s.  Tai, I’m don't know what the hell you're doing.  Wow, Tai.  All right. Troy, you're next.  Didn't we all this that in the '60s or the '70s.  I wasn't been yet. My ex-boyfriend always talked about streaking in arkansas.  I’m don't know, it just feels right. I’m promised myself I’m would have fun,  and it's a fun moment.  Rewards are great, and i'm having a great time. It's like all the fun not in  "Survivor" anymore. But when you remove yourself from the game,  sometimes you can get lost in that. You know, this is game changing. Your  mind needs to be running. If it's not running all the time, you're probably  not in the game anymore.  Marshall, that was awesome.  I'm just saying we're thinking about ideas, we might want to start executing  over the next few hours, we could go for Brad and Sierra, but Cirie and Andrea  are a very tight thing.  We're on the same page.  Right, you know. I'm amassing a team of snipers because I’m know the war is  coming. A lot of people in this game think the war is going the start one  way. But i'm going to make sure that that war starts my way.  I think Cirie has her own agenda. I’m think Cirie and Andrea are sort of with  us for now, but conversations with an degreeback and she's like, don't tell Debbie.   So let's take out Andrea.  Zeke is throwing out a story to get me and Tai to vote for Andrea, which I’m immediately  was sceptical of. The first thing you always should ask yourself in "Survivor"  is, is this information true?  I am in the in a position to beat some of these people.  Sometimes it's better to ask for forgiveness than ask for permission.  Jeff: It's hard for me to take anything Zeke says at face value because he's  trying to form a coalition for himself. But i'm not in any frame of mind to  be moving into this Zeke camp. I'm okay to make a big move. I’m don't know  what that means for me. I’m want the make a big move, but I’m don't need Zeke  to make it.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yeah.  Jeff: First things first, Andrea, I’m will take back the necklace. Thank you.  Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're  going to hang on to a pole for as long as you can. When you drop, you're out.  Last person left hanging wins immunity. Losers tribal council where somebody  will be the ninth person voted out of this game. We'll draw for spots and  we'll get started. All right. Everybody has chosen their starting spot. There  are a lot of different opening strategy, and this challenge is on. This is a Survivor  classic that is not easy from the moment it begins you're struggling. Sierra  has done this challenge once. Did not win. Ozzy has done this challenge  twice, has not lost. He is undefeated in this challenge in his "Survivor"  career. Nobody else here has done this. Culpepper starts to slip. You are 15  seconds into to what could go for a couple hours. Cirie slipping quickly. Cirie  is trying to hold on. No. Cirie is the first one out. Spot on the bench. Sarah  starting to move. Culpepper sliding down and out. Culpepper takes himself out  of the challenge. We're down to ten. Debbie sliding further down the pole. Sarah  sliding further down the pole. There is not spot that is comfortable. Aubry  going the take herself out. Aubry no shot at immunity. We're down to nine  just like that. And out of nowhere, Debbie slides down and out, leaving some  skin behind in fiji.  Yeah, I’m did.  Jeff: Down to eight. Zeke is out. We're down to seven very quickly.  This hurts.  This is no joke. It's a lot harder than it looks. Wow.  Jeff: Sierra is now out. We're down to six half of the tribe is out. Troyzan  down to his last foothold. Sarah down to her last foothold. Troyzan's body  finally gives out.  Good job, buddy.  Jeff: Good effort. Sarah is right behind Troyzan. Her body gives out.  Ozzy, you're a champ.  Jeff: We're down to four. Michaela, Andrea, Tai and Ozzy fighting for one  immunity necklace. There is nowhere to grip on this pole. Michaela looks like  she's literally just standing on that foothold, which is amazing. Andrea  fighting to stay in this.  And I’m plan on breaking my record.  Jeff: Andrea, he basically said, in other words, you have no chance.  Pretty legit. I’m believe he can do that again.  Jeff: Michaela adjusting, moving down the pole and off the pole.  Good girl. [applause]  Jeff: Wow, Michaela, what just happened.  Ozzy ain't coming off that pole, so I’m got to pick and choose my battles.  Jeff:  you did great.  Jeff: Your feet are starting to feel it now. You've been balancing for a long  time. Andrea readjusting. But still in it. Tai has not moved. Ozzy has not  moved.  Oh, God, girl.  Drew: Andrea with a big drop. You all right?  Yeah. I’m didn't want the slide down.  Wow. [applause]  Jeff: Andrea drops out, leaving us with a showdown. Tai versus Ozzy. Two guys  that seem very comfortable in trees, very comfortable just hanging out on a  post. Comfortable just hanging out on a post. Been out there one hour.  Oh, my God.  Good job, you guys.  Drew: Doing one of the most difficult things you will ever do.  I'd say that probably puts them in the legends category staying up that  fricking thing like that.  Jeff: Tai adjusting. Got to keep that body alive. It will get numb fast. Ozzy  readjusting. Ozzy, how confident do you feel knowing you've done it twice and  you've won it twice.  I know what's to come, and it's bad. It starts hurting, you start sweating,  you start slipping, but i've been there before, and if I’m win I’m can go  fishing today, and if not we're going to be hungry another day.  Jeff: Wow. That's using lever act.  Sorry, buddy.  No problem.  Jeff: I'm chancing it.  Jeff: Tai and Ozzy now in similar positions. It's like a couple monkeys  hanging out in the trees. No big deal. Ozzy adjusting a little bit. Hands can  go up to the rope, not above it. Ozzy trying to keep his record intact. Tai  starting to move. Ozzy readjusting again. Nice recovery. Tai has been moving  a lot after not moving at all. Tai struggling to get a foothold. Ozzy sliding  down and Ozzy is out of this challenge. Tai wins individual immunity. He  throws Ozzy, who has never lost.  Wow.  Jeff: He sends Ozzy along with everybody else to tribal council without  immunity. Tai will be safe.  Good job, guys.  Unbelievable, you guys. Unbelievable.  You're bleeding.  Yeah.  Good job, buddy.  Jeff: Tai, come on over.  Jeff: I’m can't believe I’m beat Ozzy, the two-time champion. The queen. The  king, the king! I’m wanted to go as far as I’m can.  Jeff: I’m have to say, that was an epic challenge. Tai, you came out the  winner. Safe tonight at tribal council. As for the rest of you, tonight somebody  will be voted out of "Survivor: Game changers." gab your stuff,  head back to tribal council.  Sides are starting to be taken. You need to get on one or the other pretty  quickly, or else you're going to be on the small side. It's going to be a  crazy tribal because it can very well dictate the remainder of the season.  Look at that.  Wow.  I rubbed the skin off my feet.  After the immunity challenge, I’m get back the camp, and i'm happy that Andrea  doesn't win individual immunity, because i'm gearing up for the battle of my  season to get rid of Andrea.  Your name is the name being thrown out to go home.  Okay.  By Cirie, Andrea and Aubry. But i'm in the really interested in seeing that  happen. I’m think i'd be interested in seeing Andrea go home.  I thought you were pretty close with them.  You'd think I’m would be, but i'm not.  Zeke is acting like he wants to switch sides all of a sudden, but whenever I’m  talk to Zeke, I’m feel like he thinks i'm stupid, and I’m don't trust him,  but if they're saying my name, I’m got to figure out ways to get the numbers  so I’m don't go home.  People came up to me and said they've heard my name. It was Zeke.  Sierra just stopped me on the beach and told me that Zeke told her that she  was being voted out.  Why on earth would Zeke do that?  I have no idea.  Doesn't make sense.  I am furious at Zeke. I've been working with him since day one. I’m thought  we were not only alliance members, I’m thought we were friends.  I think the best thing would be to get Zeke. How can you build on that?  Yeah.  One thing that i've learned about this game is timing is everything, and Cirie  and i, we are good. I’m want her on my side voting with me against other  people like Zeke.  She says Zeke told me.  Really?  Yeah. I'm just like, I’m was sickened when I’m heard that  i'm sick to my stomach. We have to vet out Zeke. I’m cannot...  Is that what we're doing now?  How does he think this is going to turn out well for him?  You got me.  What does your gut tell you?  Vote Zeke  what are you going to tell Zeke?  Well, you know, you really want the blow people out of the water? I’m wouldful   these idiots are like herding cats over here.  I would.  We can make a decision and dictate to them this time.  That would be the biggest ass move.  We're doing it.  If you stick with us and you keep your mouth shut.  There's no if about it. I’m am.  We're taking out Ozzy.  We are.  Do you love me? It's okay if people think i'm quirky and you can  underestimate me at your own risk, but if everybody listens to me, Brad, Sierra,  Sarah, Troyzan, Tai, we're voting for Ozzy, we're not telling everybody else,  we're going to blind side him.  This will go off and we will be massive game changers tonight, largely thanks  to me, and I’m have an extra vote. I’m don't want to use it this early, but I’m  don't know if I’m have the numbers.  We're voting for Ozzy and we're going to blind side him.  At this point I’m am sitting in the middle of two groups that are starting to  surface. There t one group, Brad, Sierra, Troyzan, Tai, Debbie, they want to  vote out Ozzy, and then there's at group of Cirie, Andrea, Michaela, Aubry,  and Ozzy, and they want to see Zeke go. I'm weighing out all my options. And  to vote Ozzy out, that means taking out a big social and challenge threat  right now. That's the move to make early on in a merge. But then a lot of  people want Zeke out because he's a smart guy and he's willing to make moves.  When you trust somebody like that, you will end up getting blind sided. So  it's a real tough position to be in, but a line will be drawn in the sand  this vote. In the sand this vote.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the first member of our jury. Hali voted out at the  last tribal council. Ozzy played this game as many times as anybody's ever  played it. What's you inning about this season?  For some reason the stakes seem higher. Everybody is trying the play it like  a secret agent, espionage behind every coconut tree, hidden immunity idols  that appear and can never be found again or they have been found, there's  just more of a cut-throat mentality that surfaced.  Jeff: Sarah, we're on day 24. We've had so many switches, so many different  tribes, is it hard to know where the real relationships lie?  Yeah. I’m don't know who is with who, and it seems like we're all just a  bunch of single people waiting to hook up right now. [laughter] so if anyone  wants to go on a date, i'm available.  Okay. Cool.  Jeff: Tai, in a game that is this cagey, winning immunity becomes so  important.  Yeah. It still surprised me. When I’m go for a marathon, it's one foot at a  time, but I’m just feel like I’m need to do this myself, me against Ozzy, not  me and the pole anymore.  Jeff: Ozzy, you never lost that challenge, you lose, you go back the camp,  you got the feel some pressure.  Always. You just talk to as many people as you can and you got to trust the  people that say you can trust them. And I’m do have value in this game  because there eight nothing to eat at camp. So i'm going to be working my ass  off to make sure that people stay fed, and it's a big thing to be able to  offer, especially with 15 days left.  Jeff: Aubry, you've played the game once. So you know what that feels like.  24 days in, could you make it without people catching fish?  I have to say, Jeff, this is much harder than the first time I’m played.  Despite the fact that everyone is cagey, it's tough, like all the coconuts,  the protein is only coming in when Ozzy brings it in, and it's not just  physical, it's mental, it's morale. I’m mean, I’m think we've all kind of sat  around and gotten emotional at time, and that affects everything.  Jeff: So Zeke, in "Survivor," you want to get to the end, and you  want to make sure that you put people on the jury that will vote for you. Is  that still the approach to take?  I think you sort of play by the same rules. You think, can I’m beat this  person, can I’m beat this person? You also have to think, do they think they  can beat me? And if I’m think that they think that they can't beat me, how do  I’m learn how to articulate myself so they think they can beat me. That's the  tricky part this season, finding a way to say, I’m know you guys might be  afraid of me for this reason or that reason, but it's not an asset, it's not  valuable, it's a reason why you're going to beat me in the end.  Jeff: Tai, have you noticed a difference from the first time you played until  this time in terms of the subtlety, the nuance of communication in which  english is not your first language?  Yeah, it's incredibly different. Everybody is very cagey. Even right now,  they're talking about it, wow, that all makes sense to me.  Jeff: You mean what Zeke just said?  Exactly. He's incredible the way he sees thing, all the different angles, it  never occurred to me to think it that way.  Jeff: Zeke, when you hear another player at tribal say, he's incredible, is  there a part of you wanting to go, oh, no, please don't say that right before  we vote.  Well, I’m think there is always a mod -- mehdi come of worry for sure. There  are times I’m think i'm okay. I’m have to have those moments of peace because  otherwise I’m couldn't make it 24 days.  Jeff: Debbie, ultimately "Survivor" is about strategy, game play.  Who do you vote out who you think will vote for you if you get to the end.  Absolutely. Being in the air force auxiliary, we have to gather facts, come  up with a plan, carry it out. The difference is the people around me would  all have my bag. These people all have daggers drawn aiming for my back. It's  insane. So I’m don't know who i'm with. It's crazy.  Jeff: Cirie, what ran through your mind today as you contemplated who to vote  for? Well, right now who do I’m think has displayed a cerTain level of trust  to believe what this person is saying or vice versa. And that's how i'm  basing my vote tonight.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Sierra, you're up.  Terrible game. You suck at this game. I’m hope I’m see you never.  This is just to spice things up a little bit.  This is just to spice things up a little bit.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes.  Jeff, before you do that, so while in exile I’m gave up the basic necessities  of life so I’m could have an advantage in the game.  Jeff: An the advantage is?  An extra vote, sir.  Jeff: And you're going to use it tonight?  Yes, I’m am.  Jeff: All right. Go cast your extra vote. Go cast your extra vote. I'll go  tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want the play  it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are read, the  decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council  area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Ozzy. Zeke. Sierra. Aubry.  One vote Aubry, one vote Zeke, one vote Sierra, one vet Ozzy. Zeke. Two votes  Zeke. Ozzy. Two votes Ozzy. Zeke. That's three votes Zeke. Ozzy. Three votes Ozzy,  three votes Zeke. Zeke. Four votes Zeke. Ozzy. Four votes Ozzy, four votes Zeke.  Ozzy. That's five votes Ozzy, four votes Zeke. Ninth person voted out and the  second member of our jury, Ozzy. That's six, that's enough. You need to bring  me your torch. Ozzy, the tribe has spoken.  Good job, guys. Good luck eating.  Jeff: Time for you to go.  Jeff: Well, it's very clear from the reaction that for all the talk of  caginess, a punch was just thrown. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good  night. Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time captioning funded by cbs "Survivor," the gloves are  off.  It's all shady. Will I’m trust Zeke again? Of course not.  Jeff: An alliance seems invincible.  Now that we have Sierra, there is a line drawn in concrete.  Jeff: But nothing is set in stone.  You can make a move.  Hell, yeah, I’m want the make a move.  I didn't see that coming, but I’m knew it was ineftdable. I’m played my  hardest. I’m think I’m overestimated my worth. If you don't win immunity and  you don't have an idol, you're sitting where i'm sitting. "Survivor"  as a way of life, it's changed me in ways i'll never forget, and i'm just so  thankful for it. Captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org