<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor," Zeke started a revolt against Andrea.   I'm interested in seeing Andrea go home.  Jeff: But Andrea fought back.  How did he think this was going the turn out well for him? I’m am furious.  Jeff: Amid the chaos, Debbie saw her opportunity to strike, and Sarah was  left in the mid-le with major decision.  They're voting for Ozzy.  We have to vet out Zeke.  It's a real tough position to be in.  Jeff: At tribal council Debbie got her way. Ozzy, the tribe has spoken.  Good  Jeff: 11 are left. Who will be voted out tonight?  What do you want, guys, kindling? Get a pot of tea going? What I’m wanted to  happen happened. We have complete control of this game. There is a line drawn  in concrete. Now that we have Sarah, myself, Sierra, Troyzan, Brad and Tai,  we are a six that are not going to be blown away by the wind or the tide. And  now we're going to pick off five that are left systematically one by one.  Tribal council was a shocker. I’m was completely out of the loop. I’m thought  we were trying to get out Zeke. So I’m guess i'm screwed. I'm in the  minority. Zeke, do you want the talk about why I’m voted for you?  No, that's fine. I’m totally understand why.  I want to hear?  I don't think you ever had any intention of taking me very deep in this game,  and neither did Cirie.  Okay. All right.  You're welcome to continue talking.  Good luck.  Clearly some people trust me.  No, I’m mean, they trust you for a couple votes, but everyone here...  This conversation doesn't seem productive. So i'm going the talk to other  people.  Obviously I’m was not included in the majority vote, but since I’m know Andrea  is coming after me, I’m need protection. So I’m feel like I’m don't have any  choice but to stay with the majority alliance.  What's going on right now? Andrea saying what she said, her true colors are  shown. She tells you, good luck. You're with us. You don't even have to talk  to them.  At tribal council, I’m had to pick a side, but I’m still want to work with Zeke.  Having Zeke opens up options for me. I’m knew you were going to be okay. I’m just  couldn't fill you in on everything, because I’m need them to trust me. So i'm  sorry I’m left you out of it.  It's okay. I’m understand.  As much as people want to think the line is drawn in the sand, well, I’m hate  the break it to people, but the tide comes up pretty quickly. And that line  gets washed away. [ theme song playing]  Jeff: All right. You guys ready the get to today's reward challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: For today's challenge, we'll be divided into two teams of five. On my  go, one person at a time will race through a series of obstacles to the  platform. And the next person goes. Once all five are at the end, with five  down, grab a grappling hook and use it to retrieve five rings floating in the  water. First team to finish wins reward. Want to know what you're playing  for?  Yeah.  Jeff: The winning team will be taken by sea plane to truly one of the most  stunning island chains in all of fiji. You'll enjoy a picnic with enough  variety for everybody. We're going to do a schoolyard pick, which means one  person will not participate. One person will have no shot at this reward.  We're going the draw for capTains. We'll get started.  Oh, boy.  Jeff: All right. We have our two teams. Culpepper was capTain, chose Debbie, Sierra,  Andrea and Aubry. Cirie was a capTain, she chose Zeke, Sarah, Troyzan and Tai.  Michaela was not picked. Michaela, take a spot on the bench. How you feeling?  Like they should have picked me.  Jeff: Are they missing out on you?  Yeah, people picking alliance members to play with instead of playing to win.  I’m don't give a [bleeped] what happens. I'm just watching.  Jeff: All right. Here we go, for the biggest reward of the season, Survivors  ready?  Don't make no damn sense.  Jeff: Go! It is culpepper and Tai. Got to get up that ladder and down the  slide.  Got it, Brad.  Jeff: Culpepper is over. Tai is over. Culpepper hits the second obstacle. Tai  right behind.  You got it, Tai.  Jeff: 25 days out here, as always they take a toll.  Go!  Jeff: Michaela frustrated that she was not chosen again. Trickiest part, the  balance beam. Culpepper is across on his first try. Tai reaches the beam,  having trouble even getting up on the platform. Once you're back to the mat,  the next person can go. Go, blue! Sierra in the water now. Tai is now going  the crawl across the beam, which takes a lot of time. Sierra hard down the  slide. Blue starting to open up a lead now. Tai's across. Still got to get to  the finish platform. Sierra is going to be close to catching Tai.  You got it. You got it. You got it.  Jeff: An she is quickly across on her first try. Here comes Tai. Go, orange!  Now Troyzan in the water.  Good job, troy.  Jeff: Troyzan up and over and loses his shorts. Sierra, you got to get on  that mat. Go, blue! It's Aubry in the water. Here comes Troyzan.  Come on, troy!  Jeff: Trying to make up some time.  Good job, Aubry.  Jeff: Aubry goes over awkwardly. Troyzan barely keeps those shorts up. 25  days and very little food showing. Troyzan's across. Troyzan picking up the  pace. Blue still with a big lead.  Give me hand.  Jeff: Go, orange! It's now Sarah in the water for orange. Here goes Aubry.  Her first shot at the beam.  Let's go, girl!  Jeff: Aubry can't this it. She falls. Got to go back. That will open the door  for orange. Here comes Sarah. Can she close up some of this gap? Aubry still  struggling. Sarah can take the lead for orange here.  You got it, Aubry. Tack your time, girl.  Jeff: Sarah puts orange in the lead.  Run, run, run, run, run!  Jeff: Aubry's across. Go, orange!  Sit on the mat. No go, blue! We are neck and neck. Debbie goes over.  Come on, Zeke.  Jeff: Zeke reaches the second obstacle.  Nice, Zeke.  Jeff: Debbie right on his Tail. Huge reward on the line. The most difficult  part of the challenge now. Debbie is going the crawl. Sceek's going to crawl,  too. Debbie's across. Zeke can't make it. Go, blue!  You can do this.  Jeff: Zeke feeling the pressure now Zeke goes back in. Andrea now catching Zeke.   Good job, Andrea!  Jeff: Zeke going to give it another go. Andrea heading to the balance beam  now. Can she lap Zeke in Andrea calling.  You got it.  Jeff: Zeke not giving up. An degree yes's across. Zeke closer. Go, blue! It  is culpepper now with the matt. Culpepper dives down to retrieve the  grappling hook. Zeke's finally across. Orange is back in it. Go, Cirie. It's  now Cirie in the water with a belly flop. Culpepper has the grappling hook.  Blue can start trying to retrieve their rings. Sierra with a toss. Won't do.  Come on, Cirie.  Jeff: Cirie is down the slide now, moving slowly in the water. Sierra hooks  the first ring for blue. Cirie reaches that second obstacle, and she's  clearly exhausted.  Come on, Cirie.  Cirie, you can do it!  Jeff: Sierra snags a second ring for blue.  Cirie, everything you got.  I can't give up.  Jeff: Cirie not giving up. There is nowhere to hide. "Survivor"  exposes your strengths and your weaknesses and can make you feel very  vulnerable. Sierra snags a third ring for blue.  Nice job.  Jeff: Sierra going to swim out to help Cirie, which means she will have to  run these two parts of the course again. Sierra pushing Cirie up. Sierra can  now follow behind her.  You got it, Cirie.  Jeff: Unbelievable that Michaela is encouraging Cirie given she wasn't  chosen.  I can do this.  Jeff: .  Sarah: Not giving up on her teammate. Cirie going to give the beam a shot  now, exhausted, which will make it very difficult.  I'm sorry.  Jeff: Blue very close to winning this. Culpepper snags the fifth ring for  blue. Blue wins reward. Culpepper, Sierra, Debbie, an degree -- Andrea and Aubry.  Cirie, you are the woman who over a decade ago got up off the couch to come  try this game "Survivor." these are the moments you were looking  for. This challenge is over, but we will stay here with you if you want the  try to conquer this.  You can do it, Cirie.  Come on, girl.  Jeff: Everybody supporting you, Cirie. [crying]  look at me. Keep breathing.  Jeff: You're going to get this, Cirie.  Okay.  You can do it, Cirie.  I got it.  There you go, girl!  Yes!  You did it! You did it! [applause]  Jeff: That is what happens when you believe in yourself. Anything is  possible. One of the most powerful moments on "Survivor."  she did it.  Jeff: Aubry, Debbie, Sierra, Andrea, Brad, huge reward, but before we get to  that, Cirie, you didn't give up, an you pull it off. You did it. What is that  feeling?  I have three sons, just to show them that it's going to be tough in life, as  long as you try, even if you fail, i'm proud of them, and grateful to have my  teammates even though they lost a great reward, to still support me. It's a  lot.  Jeff: All right. Winning team huge reward, they'll head out, sea plane will  pick you up, drop you, swim out. Troyzan, Sarah, Zeke, Cirie, Tai, I’m got  nothing for you. Cirie, i'm not going to make you swim. I'm going to bring a  boat in for you guys and pick up Michaela on the way out. Bring a boat in.  All right, guys. Head out. You're going to pick up Michaela, too.  I'm looking over at Michaela, and I’m see a rod up piece of paper that says  "secret advantage." and I’m can't believe Michaela didn't see that.  With "Survivor" to be a game changer, you got to be looking  constantly for idols and clues, and now I’m have a secret advantage. So this  is a huge win for me.  Oh, my God. Let's get a fire going.  Although we lost the challenge, if I’m didn't try to complete it, I’m would  have felt like a complete failure.  For me to not even be mad right now, that's how proud I’m am of you. You  won't forget this.  I just couldn't let fear or exhaustion stop me or beat me this time.  Your kids will be so proud of you. You conquered it. You did good.  Thanks.  This is a rough game. We're all vying for the same prize, but when it comes  down to it, the people that are playing are really good people, and it showed  in the way that they helped me today. I’m me that i'm not a challenge beast,  so if i've always just done what was necessary to get me by. I’m didn't want  to ever push further than that, because it wasn't really necessary. But doing  that, i've limited myself in a lot of ways. I'm not letting my mind tell me,  be afraid, don't do it, just give up. I’m can do it. And if I’m can't win  this game by winning challenges, i'm going to do everything I’m can to try to  solidify my relationship in the game. It's going to be what's necessary for  me to win this game.  When we weren't leading the challenge, I’m looked over at Michaela, and I’m see  a secret advantage right at her feet. That's called attention to deTail. I'm  a police officer, but the normal person that drives down the road would not  know if the car in front of them's registration tags are expired or not. I’m would.  "congratulations. You've found an advantage in this game. You now have  the right to steal a vote from someone at tribal council." holy --  having this advantage opens up options for me. I’m can completely flip the  game. "this vote is non-transferable and cannot be stolen from you. The  last time this extra vote can be cast is when there are five people left in  the game." in the past these extra votes have not been played correctly.  I'll be the first one to play this vote correctly.  Oh, my God, we're in the air. This is so amazing.  Oh, my God, I’m love airplanes.  I am a capTain in the civil air patrol, the air force auxiliary, so I’m am a  huge fan of airplanes.  Look at the water, you guys.  Beautiful.  Gorgeous.  They don't get to be in airplanes as much as I’m do. So it's really fun the  watch their faces. I’m appreciate it because it's looking at the world  through a different perspective. You see everything in a whole new light. Oh,  my God.  The brown eye is so good.  It's heaven.  I like cole slaw.  Cheer, you guys.  Cheers.  Thank you for picking us.  "Survivor" 101, don't ever take your whole contingency on a reward.  So Troyzan got left off on purpose because I’m needed them to stay to be my  eyes and ears back at camp. You got five on the outside, all it takes is one  or two to flip for them to have the numbers. I’m need some people I’m can  trust so the five don't get together and contaminate our six.  How has your relationship with Zeke going?  What's all that drama about? It's not like he's trying to hide anything.  He turned on me for no reason. For no reason. It didn't make sense. I’m think  with all these different players, he's not the center of attention, so he  decided to take it out on me. It was a weird power play, and he... I’m don't  know. I’m can confidently say I’m don't know if life can get any better than  right now today. At this point there are 11 people in the game. It's kind of  great to watch the five people who are free agents get mad at each other and  fall apart when what they should be doing is becoming strong and trying the  take the six out. So I’m now feel like I’m have nobody.  I feel like the six is super tight. I’m don't see why anybody should break,  and I’m don't think we will. As of now, I’m feel like i'm in the driver's  seat, and it feels great.  Tell me this: Who do you think's running the show?  Sierra.  And Brad?  Yeah.  Everybody knows they're running things, and if they continue, they're going  to pick off who they want until they get to you, me, and whoever else, and  they'll go to the end with whoever they choose. I’m had a conversation with Sarah  trying to get her to see that she doesn't want to be on the bottom of Brad  and Ciera's little group. I’m think deep down she realizes that, but it's  just like me on the balance beam. She knows the best thing for her to do is  to cross that beam, but she's afraid.  If i'm in the final three with them, do stand a chance?  100% honest with you? No. I'm just being straight up, because they know that Sarah,  they can count on her at the vote, but then they're going to say they carried  you. She didn't do nothing, I’m did everything. When the jury hears that...  Right.  I promised myself coming out here thatly not make the same mistake I’m made  the first time I’m played. What I’m did in cagayan was look for the safest  route I’m could go. I’m sat back, didn't make the moves, and let other people  make the decisions. That didn't work. It got me on the jury. And not even  close to a shot at $1 million.  Okay. This is us talking real.  Okay. So if it was you, me, Michaela, Aubry, there's four.  Maybe Zeke would go. I’m don't know.  He would go where we went I’m think. That's five. But are we done with Andrea  or what? Is it repairable with her?  Absolutely.  There are small windows of opportunities in this game, and if you miss them,  you're not going to win. However, this game is all about timing. And i'm not  sure the timing is right to make a big move. But i'm ready for it in the  event that it is.  Jeff: Come on in, guys.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to today's immunity  idol?  Yes, sir.  Jeff: First things first, Tai, got the take it back. Thank you. Once again  immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're going to pull on  a rope, balancing a wobbly table. You'll then race to stack wooden blocks on  that table one letter at a time spelling "immunity." if your table  wobbles and the stack falls, you got the start over. First person to finish  wins immunity, guaranteed safety at tribal council. Losers, after 26 days,  someone will be voted out and become the third member of our jury. We'll draw  for spots and get started. All right. Here we go, for immunity? Survivors  ready? Go! We're looking for those eight letters. Once you have them, take  that first letter and race up and get started. You're spelling the word  "immunity." but you have to do it while balancing those blocks on a  very wobbly table. Everybody but Tai working on their first letter. I'm not  sure what Tai is struggling with. This challenge is all about patience.  Faster you go, the more risks you take. Andrea coming back with her second  letter. There goes Tai. Tai is now down on the ground. He's realizing he  headed out without a block. Here comes Debbie and Sierra with their second.  Culpepper has his second. Andrea places her second letter. Tai still  struggling trying to make sure he's spelling "immunity" right.  I can't think.  Jeff: 26 days on Survivor can really take its toll. Troyzan has two letters.  It is Andrea in the early lead, heading back with her third letter. Aubry  with two. Here comes Michaela with her second. Zeke and Cirie moving slowly. Tai  finally has his first letter. Andrea places her fourth letter. She is  half-way there. Here comes Troyzan right behind with his fourth. Culpepper  coming out with his fourth. A lot of people right behind Andrea, Troyzan and  culpepper. It is still anybody's challenge to win. The taller that stack  gets, the more difficult it becomes to balance. Here comes Andrea with her  fifth letter. Still in the lead. Troyzan right behind her, steps behind her  with his fifth. Andrea big swings. She has not dropped yet. Sarah drops.  She's got to start again. You never give up in this challenge because people  can drop at any time. Andrea reaching for that sixth block. And that's where  it can get dangerous. You reach back with your right hand and your left hand  drops. Aubry drops. She's got the start again. Right now it's Andrea and Troyzan,  and they are neck and neck. Troyzan has caught Andrea. Both coming back with  their seventh letter. Troyzan places his first, then Andrea.  You got it, Troyzan. Take your time, buddy.  Jeff: That stack is so high. It doesn't take much to drop. Andrea drops  everything. The door is open for Troyzan now. He's got to get out, place the  "i" and then get all the way back without dropping. Cull pepper the  only one who might catch him, but he would have to pick up the pace. And  culpepper drops everything.  You got plenty of time. Take your time.  Jeff: Troyzan can really take his time nobody is close right now.  Take your time.  Jeff: It would be Troyzan's first individual immunity win this season. Got to  get up on that platform. And he does! Troyzan wins individual immunity, safe  tonight at tribal council. Troyzan, come on over.  Good job, Troyzan.  Oh, it looks is good on you, buddy.  Jeff: Troyzan safe tonight at tribal council. Cannot be voted out of this  game. Still have a shot at winning it. As for the rest of you, after 26 days,  your shot at winning "Survivor" will once again fall short.  Somebody going home, tenth person voted out, third member of our jury, it  won't be you. Congrats. Head back to camp. See you guys tonight at tribal.  Thanks, Jeff.  Luckily one of my power sticks won immunity. We have the power to choose who  goes home. The smart move is to choose Andrea. Andrea is someone who needs to  go home. She's a huge threat in this game. She needs to go.  Good job, Troyzan.  Great job.  Good job.  Wow, the immunity challenge, I’m guess on a scale of one to ten, was an 11  because I’m won. And I’m surprised myself. Now there's a alliance of six. We  just have to figure out who is going home.  We need to get more coconuts. We've been going through it so fast.  I'll go.  I'll go with you.  All day.  It's driving me crazy.  At this point I’m think the six of us are so sick of Michaela that it's very  tempting to vote her out, however, I’m really think we have a bigger threat  to deal with first.  Michaela.  No, no, no. Hear me out.  I will.  I can't stand her, but...  I know.  Andrea is too good. It's the only way we lose our six is if Andrea is winning  and she moves in and we have to eat one of our own.  I would love to vote out Michaela because she's highly annoying and just has  a bad attitude.  Sure we can't just get rid of her tonight?  No. No, no, no. We got to do it tomorrow.  However, i'm a team player. So if Brad wants to take out Andrea, i'm cool  with it. She's the biggest strategic threat. She's the biggest physical  threat. And you take the shot the moment you get the opportunity. The best  time is right now. Go!  I think we go us six, Andrea, and we tell everybody else Michaela.  Just in case she has an idol.  Don't worry. Everybody wants the work with us. Everybody.  The plan was made without even asking me, and I’m realized at that point, i'm  not high in the pecking order in that sixesome. So it might be time for me to  make my move.  What's up?  Do you think going with Brad and Sierra is the right move? Because you can  make a move.  I'm always ready to make a move.  The thing about the power alliance is I’m understand where I’m stand with  them. I’m just have to stand with my Tail tucked between my legs and keep my  mouth shut and vote how they want me to vote. That's not really how I’m want  the make this game.  We're going the need Andrea.  Great.  However, to do this, we got to bring in Andrea, who I’m have no desire to  work with. But i'm going to have to deal with it, at least for one vote.  I just feel like right now i'm trying to figure out where my play is.  Well...  I have nothing right now.  So where do you want to go from here.  I wanted to work with you.  Yes. We still can. I'm still good with you guys. What do you want to do?  It's obvious there's a power alliance.  I know.  I'm in the that alliance.  But you're on the bottom of that.  I know. Don't you think working with the enemy could be a good thing?  It's great. If Sarah's willing the make a move, i'm totally on board. Because  I’m know I’m have a huge target on my back. Now, as far as Zeke, will I’m trust  him again fully, of course not, but right now i'm looking for anyone that  wants to play.  Day 26. I’m only made it to day 19 last time.  Congrats.  Thanks.  That's hunting.  I think forming a relationship is super important in this game. And me and Sarah  are really close. We've really connected. So I’m still feel super confident  in Sarah, and I’m think it will be absolutely amazing if we were at the final  three together.  This is my big picture. I’m don't care how we get rid of these people, but at  the end I’m think it's me, you and Debbie.  We're the final three.  I had this plan the blind side the power group, and then Sierra proposes this  idea that me, her and Debbie are a final three. An I’m was like, holy crap,  maybe i'm not on the bottom of the six at all.  That's perfect. Doesn't that sound great?  Yeah. As long as nobody flips.  That's it. That's the game, Sarah.  Right.  Basically the six of us tonight are going to agree on a vote, Sarah doesn't  trust you. That's her problem. I’m do. But Michaela is going home. I’m told Aubry  to vote for Michaela in case Andrea pulls an idol, then Michaela goes home,  plus I’m told her Sierra doesn't trust her because even though she screwed me  over the last time I’m played, I’m want Aubry to think i'm with her. If you  work with me, if you continue to show me that I’m can trust you, there's a  way in.  Okay.  It would be stupid to.  And you're not stupid.  Down the line I’m may need to use Aubry. To do that I’m need her to think i'm  her best friend, and I’m think it's working.  Okay. So here's the deal, they're trying to come at you. Debbie's like,  you're safe, Aubry, and the way she said it, i'm like, okay.  They're so cocky. They're so cocky.  Debbie reminds me now as she did around the time I’m voted her out of "Survivor."  she starts to get cocky and then makes mistakes.  Debbie's like, Sarah wants to cut your throat, I’m don't trust her, Aubry,  you're the one I’m want in.  Where does that come from?  That really pisses me off. I’m hate lying.  She's a grade-a liar.  So I’m was thinking, I’m might want to sit in the final three with Debbie,  but now she's spreading lies about me.  We have your back. I’m swear to you...  At this point, I’m don't know what to do. If I’m can control Debbie, could be  in the top six for sure potentially in the final three. You understand the  predicament i'm in?  Yes.  It's really hard to leave safety for the unknown. However, I’m swore the  myself coming out here i'm going the make big moves. Whatever I’m do, it's  going to determine how far I’m go in this game. I'm going to decide at  tribal.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Hali and Ozzy voted out at  the last tribal council. So as our jury starts to grow, this game gets more  complicated, because now you have to find a way the use tribal as a way to  start making your case. So with that in mind, let's talk about the reward  challenge. Cirie, you are out in the middle of the ocean stuck, and then  something amazing happened. You decided, i'm not coming in until I’m finish  this. Now that you've had a little bit of time to think back, what was that  about?  The fact that I’m couldn't make it on the platform was humiliating I’m guess.  And the fact that all of these guys were willing to help me inspired me more  to not want to end on a failure.  Jeff: Sarah, you went from frustrated tribe maid to another human seeing  somebody trying their best and failing, and you dove in.  Watching Cirie struggle out there, I’m don't know how anybody could leave  anybody behind like that. But it came down to her deciding, I’m can do  something that I’m thought I’m couldn't do, and she proved it to herself and  everybody else.  Jeff: All right. Now let's talk about the immunity challenge. Completely  different story. Andrea, it's devastation that the one thing you need walking  into this game was within moments of being yours.  I mean, i'm especially vulnerable tonight, because i'm on the bottom. So that  challenge was so important, and those blocks falling could be the reason I’m go  home tonight.  Jeff: What makes you cerTain you're on the bottom?  After the last tribal council, I’m found myself out of the loop, so did a  couple other people, and there's a very clear majority alliance and a very  clear bottom.  Jeff: Zeke, you are shaking your head as she was explaining that.  Oh, yeah, Tai and Debbie and Brad and Sierra and Troyzan and Sarah, the six  of them got up, walked into the woods, and I’m guess they had made their decision  about who was to go home.  Jeff: Debbie, you're smiling very knowingly.  Well, I’m was in that six, and we came to a unanimous decision through  dialogue, respect, everybody takes a turn, everybody speaks. It took ten  minutes.  Jeff: And Andrea, that brings us back to you. This is your fear, that the six  have decided it's you.  So the word on the street was it was Michaela, but if the alliance is smart,  they would leak false information. Also it felt like everyone was cheering as  soon as my blocks fell at the challenge, so there are a couple clues that  it's possibly not Michaela and it's maybe me.  Jeff: Sarah, what's it like to be part of the group that's being singled out  as the ones in charge making the decisions?  Well, "Survivor" is all about being on the right side of the  numbers. You can see clear frustration from the people who are not on the  right side of the numbers, but can you blame us for feeling secure?  Jeff: Debbie, is that a fair statement, that perception is what dictates  whether people are happy about way the game is being played or frustrated?  It is inconceivable for anybody to conclude at this point that there is  anything other than a strong six sitting here tonight. So is perception  reality? Well, it is. We've got a six that has a very accurate perception of  themselves, and we just click.  Jeff: Troyzan, how does the six Manage to stay together with everybody  believing they're at the top when that is impossible?  If you're smart enough to get your damn self to six, take it. I’m mean, that's  a huge plus. Come on. I’m mean, anything can happen after that. It changes  all the time.  Jeff: So Zeke, Troyzan is saying, worry about six when you get there, but you  got to get there.  That's very true. I’m like to say that the deck reshuffles after someone is  voted out. I’m think that's what i'm counting on tonight, is for the deck to  reshuffle &amp; who knows who is going to be upset within the six tomorrow  and maybe that's mymoment to stretch.  Jeff: Sarah, interesting way that Zeke described it.  Sure, people could agree with that, but like Troyzan said, if you are six,  maybe you can get to five, to four, to three. So I’m think it's wishful  thinking to say that the deck reshuffles.  Jeff: Michaela, you had a reaction to that  she's basically saying, y'all don't go no shot. You can sit here keep  watching us win this game or you can make a move. So I’m didn't get no march  notice. They think i'm about the march myself out. I’m rather march out  swing, telling the truth, like I’m always do, than sit here like I’m don't  see what's going on. We all know who is running the show, and you can either  do something about it while you have numbers, or you can sit here looking  like boo boo the fool.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Culpepper, you're up.  Actually in our six, there are no people who give orders and in people who  take orders. It's called a democracy.  You think you are running the show, but I’m hope you're in for a really rude  awakening. Really rude awakening.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and now  want the play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked the leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Andrea. Debbie.  Andrea. That's two votes Andrea. Debbie. Two votes Andrea, two votes Debbie. Andrea.  That's three votes Andrea. Debbie. Three votes Andrea, three votes Debbie. Andrea.  That's four votes Andrea. Debbie. Tied again. Four votes Andrea, four votes Debbie.  Andrea. That's five votes Andrea. We're tied again. Five votes Andrea, five  votes Debbie. One vote left. Tenth person voted out and the third member of  our jury: Debbie. You need to bring me your torch. Debbie, the tribe has  spoken.  Good luck to you all.  Jeff: Well, based on the shocked reactions, maybe the deck was reshuffled.  Grab you torches, head back to camp, good night. Captioning funded by cbs  captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," the tide has turned.  Good job, everybody.  Six of them are thinking, we gotcha.  Jeff: But the line in the sand...  You'd be on board to vote for whoever?  Let's make a bigger move here.  Jeff: Is washed away.  On the next vote we cosomething interesting.  Now the game has been broken open.  That was absolutely a blind side. That one I’m did not see coming. I’m thought  I’m had a lock, stock and barrel solid six. 20 minutes ago I’m would have  told you that six is not going the break, but what surprises me is that  anybody would flip, and now is going to be probably in a worse position. I'm  stunned.