<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor," Zeke and Andrea faced off.  It's just all shady. Will I’m trust Zeke again? Of course not.  Jeff: An alliance of six seemed unstoppable.  Now that we have Sarah, there is a line drawn in concrete. No but a crack had  already formed.  We can make a move.  Hell, yeah, I’m want to make a move.  We're going to need Andrea.  Jeff: At tribal council, Sarah brought the minority together and sent Debbie  to the jury. Debbie, the tribe has spoken. Shocking culpepper, Sierra, Troyzan,  and Tai. Ten are left. Who will be voted out tonight?  Well played, guys. Bravo. Quite the blind side. Coming back from tribal  council, i'm in shock. I’m was totally blind sided, and six votes Debbie,  five votes Andrea.  It's the quietest it's ever been after tribal.  I was in a great position before tonight. I’m went from being in pretty good  shape with the six to in terrible shape with the floor.  Are you confused on who flipped? I’m did. If anybody wants to talk to me.  Tonight on tribal council, I’m was the deciding vote in which alliance was  going to get the majority of the numbers.  Debbie seemed like she was the one in charge.  This is "Survivor." it's game changers. Hopefully if I’m make it to  the end, the jury will reward the fact that I’m was a game changer to make  this type of move.  How is the game changing? We have to stick together. I'm happy.  I'm completely content with going with our group.  Good job, everybody. We took the control from Sierra and Brad tonight. But in  "Survivor," there's never any rest at all. You have to be like an  evil eye. You have to watch everything, because if you're not watching, it  just takes a second and the wrong move and the next thing you know you're  sitting on the jury. Captioning funded by cbs  Jeff: Come on in, guys. You guys ready to get to today's reward challenge?  Yep.  Yeah.  Jeff: For today's challenge you'll be divided into two teams of five. On my  go, one person from each team will race through a series of obstacles to a  chair where your team will lift the chair, allowing you to retrieve ten  numbered bags. Once you have your ten, the next person goes. Once you've  collected all 30 bags, you'll use the letters inside to solve a word puzzle.  First team to finish wins reward. Want to know what you're playing for in.  Imre.  Yeah.  Jeff: The winning five will be taken by chopper to a luxury resort, where you  will enjoy a nice meal of beef, chicken wraps, and cheesecake for dessert.  Cheesecake, oh, my God. Cheesecake.  Jeff: There's more. You will spend the night.  Oh, wow.  What?  Jeff: And you will sleep in a real bed.  You're kidding me?  Jeff: This will be your first good night's sleep in 27 days, and clearly you  need it.  This is not real life.  Jeff: All right. I’m know it's worth playing for. We're going to do a  schoolyard pick and we'll get it on. Let's do this! This is a good one. All  right. We have our two teams. Running for blue, it is Andrea, Sarah, Aubry, Zeke,  and culpepper. Running for orange it is Sierra, Troyzan, Cirie, Tai, and Michaela.  For a huge reward, Survivors ready? Go!  You got it, culpepper.  Jeff: Michaela finally getting a chance to show what she's made of. She sat  out of a lot of challenges. She is hitting it hard. It is culpepper versus Michaela.  Michaela now in the lead.  You got it, culpepper.  Jeff: High stepping it through. There Michaela gets to the chair quickly.  Culpepper right behind. Start pulling her. Start pulling him.  Pull, pull!  Pull. Pull, pull.  Jeff: You have to get them in order one through ten.  Keep pulling. Do not stop pulling.  Jeff: Culpepper has his first. Michaela has one.  Jeff: keep pulling, Tai.  Jeff: Culpepper now has two. Michaela looking for two now. The better  teamwork, the faster you move them up and down, the faster you will finnish.  Blue working very well together. Culpepper with eight.  Down, bottom.  Jeff: Orange is catching up. They are closing that gap.  Pull, pull!  Jeff: Michaela trying to get a rhythm going. Michaela with eight.  Jeff: Culpepper has ten. He needs to come down. Michaela has ten. She can  come down. Now you have to get all ten bags on the puzzle table. Culpepper  doing one. We're neck and neck for a huge reward. It is Andrea heading out  now and Troyzan.  Come on, Andrea.  Jeff: We're very close right now.  Come on, Troyzan.  Jeff: It is Andrea with a bit of a lead over Troyzan.  That's it, Andrea.  Go, Troyzan.  Jeff: Blue is back up quickly. Here goes orange. They're looking for 11  through 20 now.  All the way to the top.  Jeff: The next ten numbers.  Got it, got it.  Jeff: Andrea with 11. Orange making very little progress. Going very slow.  Blue is making quick work of this round. Andrea already to 14. Andrea looking  for 15 now.  Left, left!  Jeff: Troyzan now has 14. Andrea's already got 17. Make it 18. Troyzan now  starting to get a um going with his team. He's at 17. Andrea looking for that  last number of this round, number 20, and she's got it. You can head down. Troyzan  has 19. He's heading up for 20.  Grab it, troy.  Jeff: Troyzan has 20. He's heading down.  Go, Troyzan.  Jeff: You got to get them all on that table. Once again we're tight. It is Sierra  and Sarah side by side.  You got it, Sierra.  You got it, Sierra.  Jeff: A giant reward on the line. Sarah takes a big fall.  You got it, Sarah.  Jeff: Both women in their chairs now. Which foursome will pull fastest. All  the way to the top for number 21.  Sarah has her first letter tile.  Keep going, keep going. Not yet.  Tai, you tell us.  Jeff: Once again orange struggling to get their person all the way to the  top. And it is costing them valuable time. Sarah flying through this. She's  at 28. Make it 29. Sierra falling behind now at 26. Sarah has all 30. Orange  struggling. Sarah's got to get those tiles to the table. Sierra now working  on 30. Drop her. Sarah going to have the make two runs. You're good, blue.  Unclip. Start working on the puzzle. Sierra does it in one. You're good,  orange. Start working on the puzzle. Andrea, culpepper and Zeke for blue. It  is Michaela, Cirie, and Sierra for orange. You are solving a word puzzle  using 30 letters.  There's no c, there's no helicopter.  Jeff: Both Michaela and Zeke ran this challenge in their season. Both were on  the winning team. Now comes the hard work. What is the phrase?  How do you spell longevity?  Jeff: It's very clear that everybody's cognitive functions are struggling,  and yet you have to solve one of the most difficult things in this game.  It has to be 11.  Jeff: Could be literally any phrase that you can think of.  N-e -- there's an l.  Hey, is nutritional 11 letters?  Revitalize? Replenish? How do you spell withering? Like withering away?  Sustenance?  Nourishment in  deprivation?  Rejuvenation?  Perspiration?  Jeff: Rarely do puzzles go this long, but rarely are they this difficult.  11-letter word.  Jeff: As "Survivor" continues to evolve, so do the puzzles, so you  can never rely on what you used before as the criteria because the game is  constantly changing. You guys are changing it.  We have letters for game.  Jeff: This puzzle is a great metaphor for this season, because everything is  always changing in this game. Blue moving letters around again. Is this the  idea that will work?  Look at them in  Zeke continues to move pieces around. Orange trying to get something going.  Is blue right? Could they have pulled it out of thin air?  Yes!  Jeff: Zeke seems cerTain. Andrea seems cerTain. Jeff?  Say it.  Reinventing how this game is played.  Jeff: Andrea, culpepper, Sarah, Zeke and Aubry win reward at a luxury spa.  Oh, Zeke, that was unbelievable. All right. Zeke, Aubry, Sarah, culpepper, Andrea,  great reward. Grab your stuff, head out, enjoy. All right, Cirie, Tai, Sierra,  Michaela, Troyzan, got nothing for you. Grab your stuff, head back to camp.  Walking off I’m can hardly conTain myself. I'm going on my reward. I'm going  to have an unbelievable meal, but more importantly i'm with the people I’m need  to be with from a strategic standpoint to change the game. It's a win-win.  I've never been in a helicopter. Super stoked. I’m get a window seat. Fiji.  It's a dream come true. It's insane how many islands and how beautiful they  are. The helicopter lands basically red carpet rolled out. There's a guy  waiting with drinks for us.  Welcome.  Oh, yes.  Cheers.  Here's to reinventing how the game is played.  Cheers.  Oh, my God.  No way.  Nice infinity pool.  Holy smokes.  Oh, my goodness, you guys.  Nice.  All right, all right.  Oh, my God. I’m don't know what to start with.  I'm starting with the chocolate.  Calamari.  An egg.  I've never been to a resort as incredible as this place. I'm in the middle of  a gorgeous fijian mansion. Life is fantastic right now. This is a lazy  suzanne.  That's amazing.  Hell yeah.  We get a beautiful meal and we gorge ourselves because playing Survivor is  like climbing everest. It gets harder and harder the further you go up, and  you really have to refuel your body and you mind, slog it through these last  days. It only gets harder every single day.  This is excellent.  2007 florida-oklahoma game.  I was there.  Were you?  Yep.  Where was it, tempe?  No, in miami. I’m was there for the s.c. Oklahoma game and the florida game.  Really?  Looking at the people in the reward, it would seem like Brad is the odd man  out, but there is weird bonding between Brad and Zeke.  That florida game was the one my dad and I’m stopped going to ballgames.  As a "Survivor" super fan, I’m would think Zeke would know better  than this. Zeke voted with us last tribal council, but I’m don't think we'll  ever get back to the place we were before he betrayed me, and i'm never going  to forget that he did that, so I’m am a little nervous that now he's going to  try to do something with Brad, it's super lame.  Dreams do come true.  They do.  Seriously, an overnight stay. That's crazy. That's crazy.  I'm so hungry and tired.  It was really crappy night. I’m mean, I’m got no sleep. I'm exhausted. And  i'm still trying to figure out what the heck happened the other night at tribal.  It's super humbling to be like, okay, i'm at the bottom with Brad, Tai and Troyzan,  but hopefully something happens where I’m can get into the numbers.  Yesterday was doom.  We're still here. The game's still going on, you know? It changes a lot.  So if your name come up, if my name come up...  This is my first time in playing two seasons I’m feel like i'm really at the  bottom.  Maybe they placed another idol out here that. Could change some things.  Maybe. I’m don't know. I’m don't know.  I'm not telling anybody that I’m do have two idols, but i'd rather not play  it. The longer I’m am having the idols, the longer i'll be in the game. If my  name comes up, i'm going to play it.  They're back.  My God. Why did you get back so early.  You look like you gained weight.  Yeah, you do. You gained weight.  Coming back from the reward, I’m feel so lucky. It felt like life styles of  the rich and famous. It was awesome. However, i'm a little bit concerned  about the fact that I’m feel like Brad and Zeke had time to bond with each other.  So I’m think we need to kind of think very carefully about who we want to  take out in the next vote.  I know Zeke's going to come after me at some point.  I got your back.  We could take him out and we'd still have numbers over the other people.  Right, right.  An option.  You don't want to be the person throwing out names. You also don't want to be  the person that waits too long to make a move. So now i'm trying to put the  target on Zeke. If Zeke think it's the six that's going the stay together for  a few votes, maybe take one of those votes and blind side him.  He thinks he's the smartest person out here. It would be easy for us six to  vote Sierra and go along, but Zeke is way more threatening to me than Sierra.  He knows this game better than any of us out here. I’m played four times, and  Zeke knows this game better than I’m do.  We can feel out Aubry and Sarah. Ask her what she wants to do. Now I’m have  to get Sarah on board, but officer Sarah's real touchy about Zeke, so you got  to handle officer Sarah very carefully. Wouldn't it be smart we voted Zeke  tomorrow and we still have the numbers to get one of them next time.  How would you feel about that?  Well, i'm not concerned about Zeke.  Okay.  Because I’m already know how I’m want to handle Zeke.  Okay. Okay.  And that's with back-up. When Cirie presents the idea of getting rid of Zeke,  i'm definitely not down for it because I’m can trust Zeke, so I’m need to  reassure her to keep him in this game as long as I’m can. I’m need to fill  her in on what my secret advantage is. Typically in "Survivor" you  don't want to show you card, but sometimes it's necessary to lock people in.  &gt;&gt;the reason i'm concerned because i'm going to tell you what back-up  is.  What?  I steel -- steal a vote. I’m get a vote again. The smaller in numbers we get,  the easier it is to get Zeke out. You're only getting to six, buddy.  Okay.  I feel pretty good with Cirie. I’m think it completely calmed her and  smoothed over the situation, but in the event that they want to flip the  script, I’m could jump ship next vote and go back and work with Troyzan and Brad  and Sierra and Tai because I’m want to go with whatever side can get me  further in the game.  We can make it to the end.  All right. We going to stick with the plan, so it's going to be Sierra?  I find myself sitting in the middle, which again works perfect for me. So i'm  going to let the plans develop. And then i'm going to pick a side.  Here's why i'm nervous today. There's an eerie calm about camp. These people  I’m don't know what to make heads or Tails. It's been really hard for me to  get a read on where the lines are drawn, and I’m feel like I’m sort of have  been handcuffed and haven't been able to play like I’m want to play, but now  the game has been broken open.  Thank you.  I'm finally getting to use my "Survivor" skill set, which is the  running around and the scheming and the plotting and the voting people out.  If we get rid of Sierra and then we get rid of Andrea and then we get rid of Tai...   I love that.  So in a round about way, let's have that be our outline, our blueprint of how  we want this to go.  Good.  I feel good with Zeke. We've been together since day one. Right now we're  staying with the girls, but at the end of the day, I’m don't trust them, I’m trust  Zeke.  I think that our main mission is bringing in Brad and Troyzan.  And so... Look, I’m don't want to do this without your permission, but I’m sort  of want to make like a final five deal with Brad and troy.  And me and you and who?  Michaela. Or at least tell them, that right?  Yeah.  I'm locked in with Sarah because I’m believe I’m can trust Sarah to the end,  but I’m don't trust Andrea and Aubry, who are a very tight pair. I’m need a  couple options. Brad and I’m bonded on the reward. Now we're getting to the  point where I’m need to bring in entered and Troyzan.  What's up, buddy?  I just wanted to talk to you guys because I’m would like to work with you, I’m  don't know, we could say final five but i'm not closing the door on final  five, right?  Correct.  I hit think it would make sense.  I can't loop you in on this next vote I’m can say with cerTainty it's neither  of you guys. Then on the next vote I’m think we do something interesting.  All right.  That's music to my ears. I’m made tremendous headway getting in with Zeke at  the reward.  The t two of you, three of us.  So in 24 hours I’m worked my way up very quickly, not without effort, into a  good position. It will bother me if I’m have to vote for Tai or Sierra, but  make no mistake, I’m am here to win the game.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get into today's  immunity challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: First things first, Troyzan. Got to take it back. Spinning green.  Is that a new hashtag?  Jeff: Just for you.  Thank you. I’m like that.  Jeff: Once again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge you're  going to stack a series of blocks on a beam while attempting to avoid a trip  obstacle. If you hit the obstacle, your blocks will fall. You'll have to  restack. Your goal is to stack the blocks so they fall like dominoes,  ultimately hitting a gong. The first person to finish wins immunity safe from  the vote, losers tribal council where somebody will be the 11th person voted  out of this game and become the fourth member of our jury. Draw for spots,  we'll get started. All right. Hoar we go. For immunity. Survivors ready? Go!  This is all about facing the blocks and anticipating how quickly you can move  through this obstacle without hitting it. Lots of different strategies.  Trying to guess how much space do I’m need, what's the fewest amounts of  blocks I’m can use the make this thing work. And you have to avoid that trip  obstacle because that's what will make your table wobble. So far everybody  doing a very good job of being very nimble, given it is day 29. Very  impressed. It takes a lot of energy to high step each time. This is a very  close challenge out of the gate for quite a few. Cirie, Andrea, Sarah, Michaela,  Sierra all very close. Those are the leaders right now. Everybody else taking  a slower approach, hoping for failure from somebody else. First person to  drop is culpepper. He loses everything. Got to start over. That's how quickly  your lead can vanish. It is now Andrea, Sarah, dead even. Here comes Michaela  with Cirie right behind. Michaela ties up with Sarah and Andrea. It is three  women, Michaela, Sarah, and Andrea, all at the same spot in this challenge. Sarah  with a bit of a lead. But Michaela on her Tail, and Andrea right there. Sierra  not giving up. She's still in this. Troyzan picking up his pace. Aubry is  still in it. Zeke trying to stay in this. Now it is Andrea in the lead. Michaela  is in second. Then Sarah slowing down. Everybody else is hoping for a mistake  right now.  I don't have too much space.  Jeff: Andrea nearing the end. Now comes the big question: Did I’m space these  correctly? Do I’m have enough blocks to finish. Andrea down to one block  left. Will it be enough or is she going to come up short and have to restack  everything. Michaela still has three blocks left and Sarah still has four  blocks left. This could be the difference. Andrea realizing she's going to  have to restack her entire line, which pulls her out of the lead and opens  the door for Michaela, Sarah and Sierra now. It is a race. Can Sierra, Sarah  and Michaela get their blocks to the end faster than Andrea can reposition  hers? Here comes Sarah with another block. She has two left. Andrea is racing  to respace. Mcdonald's racing for that last block. This is it. Andrea thinks  she has it. She's going to give it a go. And she does. Andrea pulls out  individual immunity.  Dammit, mine would have been good.  Jeff: Andrea, come on over. Second individual win, and i'm questioning given  the craziness of the last tribal, this is going to come in very handy.  Yes.  Jeff: Andrea safe tonight at tribal council. Cannot be voted out of this  game. As for the rest of you, after 29 days,. It will fall short. Somebody  going home tonight. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. See you tonight at  tribal. Congrats.  I really needed it today. I'm at the bottom of the numbers. I'm not safe. I’m  don't feel safe. So i'm terrified. I'm hoping I’m can get back the camp, make  a big move and they keep me here just another day longer.  Now that I’m won the challenge, let's make a bigger move here. I'm for sure  safe tonight, so why not go for someone that's been coming for me, and that  would be Zeke.  Nice job, Andrea.  Good job. You are fast, girl.  Initially we were targeting Sierra. We have six, they have four, why not just  pluck one of them off, but my relationship with Zeke has been so out of  control, we went from what I’m thought was bffs to him totally betraying me.  And now I’m cannot wait to get him out of this game. I’m know he's going to  come after me at some point, so that's why this plan is so brilliant, because  he won't see it coming.  All right. So what's the deal?  I thought of something. I’m think that Zeke is bound to turn on me and you.  I know.  So if we take him out, it will probably be a blind side.  How are we going to do it unless I’m can... Unless we can all talk her into  it without her running and telling. That's the only thing. But I’m was  thinking of some other thing, though.  Yeah?  I think for sure Sierra will go with us. I’m don't know about Brad.  Hey.  I'm not following you.  Coming to see what's up and possibly plead a case.  We were just talking about you.  We were, and your case. You got to give us a minute.  If you want time...  No, no, no, you can stay. We were just...  Obviously you would be on board to vote for whoever, right?  Whoever. I’m promise you, I’m will star it, I’m will make a little thing so  you know it's me. There's no question. I’m promise you.  At this moment i'm reaching for straws, and i'm going to do what the girls  tell me to do. Tonight i'm going to turn my back on my initial alliance, and  i'm willing at any moment to throw any one of them under the bus. I’m promise  I’m will vote where you want me to. Thank you, seriously, from the bottom of  my heart. I'm trying to be patient and sit become and wait for the word, and  I’m hope that it's not me.  We need to have this conversation with Sarah sooner than later. Perfect, here  she comes.  Be easy. We got to be real, real easy.  What's up, lady?  Hey.  Nice win, girl.  The only reason i'm a little pissed is because I’m was so close, but i...  I know, I’m know.  So what's the dealo?  That's what we want to talk to you about?  Okay. This is my plea because I’m know he will come after me. If we got rid  of Zeke and blind side him, it could be very dangerous. He would have five,  they would have four.  Just because Andrea's got a little power now, she's talking about potentially  taking out Zeke this vote. I'm definitely not down for it. I’m need Zeke for  a few more votes. But I’m really need to keep my mouth shut, because if I’m start  scrambling around to try to save Zeke, i'm going to get in hot water.  I'm good with this, but then at five we're staying strong?  Absolutely.  I think this plan...  Absolutely.  I think it's fool-proof.  What is it now? What's the number?  6-4.  We can knock off as many of them as we want, but if we got rid of Zeke and  blind sided him, we would have five, they would have four.  Zeke's a really smart player. He's obviously calculating things many moves  down the line. And something you have to do in "Survivor" is you  always have to strike before the other person.  If I’m can feel confident with each person, then i'm good.  I don't see how getting rid of Zeke right now is a smart move. They don't  seem to see that if you leave four people on the bottom, they only need one  more person to be in the majority for the rest of the game.  Everyone good?  Yeah, there's no funny stuff going on, right?  Not to my knowledge.  Zeke is somebody that I’m can trust to some level, because we have played  together before. So at this point, I’m don't want to vote out Zeke.  I just feel like one of those four needs to go home.  Right.  That to me would be the safest thing, and then that way we got more wiggle  room.  I know.  All it takes is one person, and I’m don't like that.  I don't either.  Tonight is now about Sierra versus Zeke. This vote for our alliance is a huge  decision, because right now it's 6-4. We vote out one of our own, it's 5-4.  One person flips over, and they've got the numbers.  Tonight we find out if the six stay together.  Okay.  But at the same time, if I’m press the issue of keeping Zeke, they're going  to think I’m have an ulterior motive, they're not going to trust me and trust  is everything in this game, so I’m don't know what i'm going to do, but I’m have  a feeling the deciding vote is going to come down to Michaela and me.  Deciding vote is going to come down to Michaela and me.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Hali, Ozzy, and Debbie  voted out at the last tribal council. So after the last tribal, it was clear  from the looks on everybody's faces that something big went down. Sarah, what  happened when you got back the camp?  Yeah, we get back, and it's complete silence. I’m said, is anyone wondering  who flipped, and, yeah, I’m am, I’m am, I’m am, and I’m owned up to it.  Jeff: Brad, in that moment when it's all becoming clear, what are you  thinking as a player?  Well, Sierra, myself, troy and Tai went from feeling pretty good about the  numbers to being on the outs. Like that.  Jeff: Tai, so you feel it's you, Troyzan, Sierra and culpepper who are now on  the bottom.  Oh, definitely, I’m feel i'm on the bottom. The other six have the power.  Nobody tell me anything, so this is the first time after two seasons i'm  playing I’m feel like I’m might be going home tonight.  Jeff: Sierra, why did you react to that?  I'm with Tai. I'm on the bottom four. I’m feel like I’m have connections with  these people, but really it's like playing russian roulette, and when the gun  is pointed at me, I’m hope there's no bullet in that chamber.  Jeff: Zeke, does that ring true, there are six people and they're playing a  game of cat and mouse with the other four?  Definitely. It's a mirror image of what happened at the last vote. If you  have a group and you trust them and you want to protect the vote, the best  option is to keep it to yourself.  Jeff: Andrea, can you compare what's happening right now to any other season  you've seen or been part of?  Oh, gosh, no. I'm just used to, you know, there's a majority aligns and you  pick off people and maybe there's flippers, but here it just feels like  trying out different majority alliances and seeing which one will fit. So  tonight i'm assuming the new six will stick together, but you just never  know.  Jeff: So Michaela, if you could forecast the future, what do you think is  going to happen tonight?  I see our six sticking together to a point where we have solid numbers.  Sometimes you got to make the simple move just to progress everyone further  in the game.  Drew: Zeke, Michaela laid it out pretty clear. Six versus four is not a big  enough advantage. Do you agree with that?  I do happen to agree with that. You know, I’m think this game is about  timing. So if you are going to make a move, it has to be at the right time.  Now is cerTainly not the right time.  Drew: Cirie, when you hear Michaela and Zeke both talking about numbers and  timing, is there a grid at the front of your brain that's going, okay, here's  option a, here's b, here's c, I’m think it's time for d tonight.  I think there is a built-in grid. You're running numbers, rubbing situation,  trying to figure out, is it time, is it not time? Even though you're talking  to us and asking questions, the grid is still moving right now.  Jeff: Sierra, you've been on both sides. You were the six. Now you appear to  be the four. What do you try to do to make sure it's not you?  Jeff, I’m tried to plead my case. I’m mean, I’m am a vote, and you may need  me in the future. My hands are tie. I'll go where you want to go.  Jeff: Sarah, is there something someone could say that would make you go,  good point, i'm going to keep you around?  I mean, they bring up good points, but they're trying to sell themselves.  Nobody's going to make a bad pitch for themselves and say, you know what, i'm  probably the worst one so pick me.  Jeff: Michaela, do you get swayed by what people say at all?  I listen to what people say, and i've learned that like these can be friends  outside of the game, like after day 39, but if you're here playing and  starving just line everybody else, sometimes you got to turn the heart down  so that I’m can make sure I’m get to the next day and make the most of this  experience for me. And unfortunately, to get to the end, other people have to  go, not me.  Jeff: And Andrea, the flip side of turning the heart off is leaving the heart  on, because sometimes that relationship that you stay true to emotionally is  the one that gets you to the end.  Exactly. You do have to have genuine friendships and relationships out here,  because if you just turn your heart off and you're just treating everyone  like human chess pieces, then I’m feel like you're not going to get to the  end.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Aubry, you're up.  I love you, but I’m hope it's you and not me tonight.  So long, cowgirl.  So long, cowgirl.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want the play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Tai. Sierra.  Tai. Sierra. We're tied, two votes Tai, two votes Sierra. That's three votes Tai.  Zeke. Zeke. That's two votes Zeke. Zeke. We're tied, three votes Zeke, three  votes Tai, two votes Sierra. Zeke. That's four votes Zeke. 11th person voted  out and the fourth member of our jury, Zeke. You need to bring me your torch.   Oh, my God.  Jeff: Zeke, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  Keep playing hard, gang.  Bye, Zeke.  Bye, Zeke.  Jeff: Well, once again tribal council with a lot of shocked faces and a lot  of emotion, and it moves an undeniable truth of this game: Just because you  have the numbers doesn't mean you have trust. Grab your torches. Head back to  camp. Good night. Captioning funded by cbs captioned by media access group at  wgbh access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," a willingness to trust --  i found the advantage.  The door is opening for her to stay.  Jeff: Can form an unbreakable alliance.  I see a huge opportunity.  Jeff: But no bond is stronger than blood. You are playing for your loved  ones.  It was smart from Andrea to come after me, because I’m was just about to come  after Andrea. It was a great move worthy of the title "game  changers." I’m have suppressed so many fears and proved beyond boundary,  it was a tremendously significant person. I’m will forever be a better person  because I’m played "Survivor."