<br/>Jeff: Welcome to the finale of "Survivor: Ghost Island." it has  been such a fun season. Tonight we crown a winner. There is still a lot of  game left to be played, I can guarantee you that. Let's say hello to the  stars of this season over here, the early blind sides, they're tough. We lost  some good players straight out of the gate. Over here, our jury so far, we  have Chris, Libby, Desiree, Jenna, Michael, Chelsea, and Kellyn. And down  here, our final six still in the game, Sebastian, Domenick, Donathan, Wendell,  Angela, and Laurel. Three of these guys are going to be voted out and go to  the jury. Three of them will make it to the end with a shot to wind. We are  live in los angeles. It's "Survivor" finale night. I love finales.  [cheering and applause] all right. Thank you. Have a seat. Have a seat. I love  the love. So look, Ghost Island, admittedly a big, some would say corny,  idea. The players embraced it. You guys embraced it. I’m happy to report,  wednesday night at 8:00, "Survivor" is the most-watched show of the  season. Thank you. Because 18 years and 36 seasons, that's due to your  loyalty. Okay. Parents, I just want to say thank you for letting the kids  stay up late tonight. I know it's a big deal, and kids, you got to do your  part, the minute the show is over, you have to go to bed, otherwise they  won't let you do it next time. All right. Here we go. It's the finale, "Survivor:  Ghost Island." 35 days ago these 20 americans were abandoned in the  islands of Fiji to take part in the greatest social experiment on television.  Now only six players remain. Sebastian. For 35 days he has played only with  his heart.  I'm happy, smiley, gigy, piece of laffey taffy, banana flavored.  Jeff: But now with an extra vote already misplayed once this season by Kellyn  --  oh, hell, yeah.  Jeff: -- he's poised to make his first big strategic move in the game. Can he  reverse the curse?  There's so much adrenaline rushing through my body. You know, my chest is... Everything  in my heart is going to go into winning this game.  Jeff: Donathan, he started the game a fish out of water but quickly adapted,  becoming part of a strong four-person alliance.  So it's you, me, Wendell and Donathan.  We can open this game up.  Jeff: As he enters the final phase, his game centers around truth bombs.  Domenick's going to be hard the beat at the end. I’m not voting for you if  you and him sit there. I’m voting for dom.  Jeff: And causing chaos at camp and tribal council.  You have some desire the spew --  when I’m working with people, I need to be truthful with them. I’m going to  be blunt about it.  Can I say something?  No.  Jeff: Will they be his ticket to the end?  I have nothing to lose at this point. If it gets me to day 39, i'll have a  great story to tell for the jury.  Jeff: Laurel, she has built strong bonds across tribal lines.  I love you and Wendell. I would rather work with you guys.  Jeff: And shown unwavering loyalty.  Are you 1,000% top four with us?  Yes.  Jeff: But with the end in sight, she has a big decision, stick with the  alliance that got her this far or cut ties and sprint to the end? It could be  the difference between $1 million and a seat on the jury.  While it's been great to work of the game, now it's the finish phase. This is  what it all comes down to. Now is the time to strike.  Jeff: Angela, this war veteran has been on the outside of nearly every vote. Kellyn,  that's three, that's enough. You need to bring me your torch.  Jeff:but she now finds hersel position of being a possible swing vote.  This is going to happen. It's going to be epic. No this could be the break  she needs to get herself to the end and a shot at the money.  I feel that I’m a little bit different than most people here. They're making  these connections. They're making all these loyal bonds, but I see them  almost as collateral damage. I’m not here to make friends. I’m not here to  make bonds. I’m here to win $1 million.  Jeff: Wendell, his laid-back style masks a clever social game and his  partnership with dom has offered protection.  If we go at each other, we're both going to die out here.  Yes.  Jeff: But with a hidden immunity idol and $1 million on the line, he's a  clear threat to win, and everybody is trying to take him out.  I've had my hands on the wheel, and i've been driving this thing. Now it's  really the end. This is the super bowl. I’m going to put everything into  this. It's going to be a slug fight.  Jeff: Domenick, his brash style rubbed some the wrong way.  Theson of a bitch wants me dead. He's got to go.  Jeff: But his game play has been will be trick.  I still think we should do Kellyn before Donathan.  Jeff: With real idol and a fake idol, he has the tools to make moves. Your opportunity  to gain power lice in the ability to use this fake idol the fool another  player.  Jeff: But his partnership with Wendell may be his biggest obstacle.  I'm pretty sure I’m going to kick some ass at final tribal if I get. There it's  going to be another challenge, another thing I need to overcome and see if I really  have what it takes to beat the best out here. Snow and with one last visit to  Ghost Island and one final $1 million decision to be made, this game is still  far from over. Who will have what it takes to outwit, outplay, and outlast  all the rest to claim the $1 million prize and the title of sole "Survivor"?  Captioning funded by cbs  that was a fun one.  That was a barn burner I thought.  At tribal Donathan went bananas. He almost said, look, I’m declaring war on  you guys, and I don't want any part of this alines moving forward.  If he would have told me he was voting against you, I could have got you off  of there.  Should have took your shot.  It's just such a wacky situation because a few minutes ago I feel like the  guy was working with us and now he's sticking is sword in the sand and he's  saying, I’m ready to go.  You almost voted yourself out of the game.  I don't know why they kept me tonight, to be honest with you.  They would have voted you out tonight if they wanted to. They didn't.  I was nervous tonight, and I should have been. I seen my name. So going into  tomorrow I’m still nervous because I did kind of blow their games up tonight,  so they're probably not going to work with me no more, but they don't know  what they're dealing with I guess.  I thought we were voting Donathan. That's why I was like what the... So far  i've been hiding behind the shelter of the big boys, letting them call the  shots. To be honest with you, I’m getting sick of it. I’m a big boy, too. So  I got this little vack in -- advantage in my pocket, which is an extra vote.  I’m just tired of being in their shadow. So it might be time to make a big  move.  Okay. Here's the issue: 24 hours ago we had Donathan voting with us.  I wanted to let don-don have it, man.  Yeah. I still don't think it should be him next. We know who it needs to be  next.  Look, I’m 100% on board. I was thinking that all night.  Donathan is no threat in any way.  No.  Dom and I have been working together but at the same time trying to get rid  of each other, but we both have idols in our pocket, which makes it very  difficult. So next best option might be Sebastian, who has played a clean,  fair game. Everybody loves him. Very athletic. He can win challenges, which  makes him a big threat.  We know what we got to do today.  I know you're going to put it all out there.  If you win today, we're both safe. Boom.  Exactly.  If he doesn't win, it might be a true blind side.  If he doesn't win, it might be a true blind side.  Jeff: Come on in, guys.  Oh, my God.  What the hell?  Jeff: The expressions on your faces as you take in one of the biggest mazes  we've ever done on "Survivor." all right. Shalg we get to today's  immunity challenge?  Yeah.  Jeff: First things first, Laurel, I have to take back the necklace.  All right.  Jeff: Thank you.  Yep.  Jeff: Once again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're  going to race through a giant maze collecting bags of puzzle pieces along the  way. Once you have collected all the bags, you'll use the pieces inside to  solve the puzzle. First to finish wins immunity, safe at tribal, guaranteed a  one in five shot at getting to the end. Losers tribal council where somebody  will become the eighth member of our jury. In addition, you're playing for  reward.  Oh.  We always like, that jeff.  Jeff: The winner of this challenge will have waiting back at camp steak  dinner, baked potato, bread, dessert. Big stakes. We'll draw for spots. We'll  get started. You like that? All right. Here we go. For immunity and reward, Survivors  ready? Go! We're each collecting three bags of puzzle pieces in the biggest  maze ever done on "Survivor." good luck. Everybody scoping out the  maze, trying to find their path. You can get lost in a hurry. This is "Survivor"  day 36. It will not be easy. Laurel is first to her station. Sebastian is at  his first station. Domenick at his first station. Three people at their first  bag. Angela at her first station. Wendell at his first station. Once you have  the bag untied, then you got to make your way back before you head out again.  Donathan still searching for his first bag. Sebastian back with his first  bag. You can head back out.  How did it get in here?  Jeff: Domenick way at the far end of the course, a long way back. Laurel drops  her first bag. Angela drops her first bag. Wendell's back with his first bag.  He can head out. Everybody looking for their second bag except Domenick, who is  trying the get back with his first, and Donathan, who has nothing. Wendell sprinting.  Wendell is first to his second station. Sebastian right behind. Sebastian has  his second bag. Laurel at her second station. Angela at her second station. Domenick  finally gets back. Laurel, Angela, Sebastian, Wendell all getting their  second bag. Donathan finally gets to his first station. There are three bags  in total. You need all three before you can start working on that puzzle. It is  Sebastian and Wendell both racing back to the start. Both guys drop their  second bags. Laurel drops. Here comes Angela. Both heading out looking for  their third and final bag. Domenick has his second bag in hand. Now comes the  race to get back. Donathan now heading back out looking for his second bag. Sebastian  the first to his last station. Wendell at his third station. Laurel at her  third station. Everybody has been neck and neck. Sebastian heading back now  with his third and final bag. Angela at her third and final station. It is Sebastian,  Wendell, Angela, and Laurel all in it. Domenick trying to stay in it. Donathan  trying the get in it. It's going to be Sebastian back first. Big time lead. He's  already untying that first bag. Immunity on the line. You do not want to go  home tonight. Domenick at his third station. Here comes Laurel with her  third. It is now Sebastian and Laurel. Here comes Wendell. Got to get all  your pieces on that table before you can start working on the puzzle. Donathan  drops his second bag. He's got one left. Domenick back with his third bag. You  can start working on the puzzle. Donathan looking for that third and final  bag. Everybody else with a big lead. Not a good feeling with tribal council  tonight.  Nope, it's not.  Jeff: Puzzles very difficult in the beginning. They get easier as they start  the take shape. These initial pieces take some experimenting. Wendell continues  to make progress. Sebastian with another piece. Survive tonight's tribal, an  you make it to that final five, where anything can happen.  I made it, jeff.  Jeff: Donathan finally finds his third bag. The crowd erupts in celebration. He's  back in it.  New york I’m not.  Jeff: Wendell with another piece. Now Wendell in the lead. Domenick trying  the catch Wendell with Sebastian trying to stay close. Here comes Donathan. Donathan  can empty his bags now and try to get in it. Laurel and Angela have made  virtually no progress. Sebastian tries the place another piece. Won't fit. Domenick  with another piece. Wendell places another piece. Getting closer. Come trying  to pick up the pace now. He places another piece. Wendell calm with another  piece. He's down to handful left. Dom continues to fight. Dom with another  piece. Immunity on the line.  Damn.  Jeff: Wendell places another piece. Got the make sure that puzzle stays  together. Domenick trying the place another piece. Wendell down to one piece  left, but his puzzle is barely staying together.  Jeff probst?  Jeff: What?  I think i've got it.  Jeff: Wendell wins individual immunity, safe at tribal council, guaranteed a  spot in the final five. Wendell, come on over. [applause] welcome to the  club, brother. Wendell, your first individual immunity win, guarantees you a  spot in the final five. You will not be voted out tonight. You have a steak  dinner waiting for you back at camp. Choose one person to join you. You will  be rewarding somebody and fueling your competition at the same time.  I got to repay the favor. Sebastian, come on.  Jeff: Sebastian, come on over.  Thanks, buddy.  Jeff: Absolutely, bro. Good news is there is enough steak for one more  person. Who are you going to choose?  My thought is that I kind of want to share the wealth a little bit. So I’m going  to have to pick ang.  Jeff: Angela, come on over. Does that surprise you?  Absolutely.  She deserves it, man.  Jeff: Laurel, explain the dynamic. Some have had food, some haven't. Those who  are not are going to get it. Do you buy it?  I think Wendell is a competitor, so I find it's hard to believe that's his reason.  It seems like a strategic move, the people he wants the fuel up, but who  knows.  Jeff: Here's what's going to happen, Wendell, Sebastian, Angela, you go back  the camp. Steak dinner for you. Donathan, Laurel, Domenick, everybody grab  your stuff, head back to camp. See you tonight on tribal.  I'm lived, Wendell wins the are my biggest enemies. I don't feel good about  my ahynes. The gloves are off now and I’m coming after them.  Jeff: Wendell, first victory, buddy. How does it feel?  You were on my heels.  I had to let you have one.  I don't know how the hell you do these puzzles so freakin' fast. I can't  figure it out.  I finally won individual immunity. It feels great. I don't want to get ahead  of myself, but I’m at least guaranteed if I use this and I use my idol to be  in the top four, and that feels so great. On top of, that I get to feast. We're  about to eat good.  I think I literally just drooled.  Thank you, Wendell.  Thank you guys for being amazing people.  I feel horrible that I might blindside sea bass tonight, and I still want to  curry favor with him before I send him to the jury so he has a good feeling  about me.  Easy vote dom tonight.  100% dom tonight. He's not the same when he started.  Absolutely. He started with a great story.  I don't think he could  i genuinely like the kid, genuinely like the kid.  But not his game play.  Right now it seems like Donathan is going home, which sounds good for me, but  if Domenick and Wendell get to the end, they probably have a lot more on  their resume than someone like me, but I got this extra vote in my pocket,  and tonight's the last night I can use it. It's one of those situations where  if you don't put a line in the water, you're not going to catch a fish. So tonight  I might be going fishing, and I want somebody big.  I'm lived.  Why?  Why is he taking on reward the person that's supposedly going out the door  and giving him food and leaving the one person he needs to beat in the  challenge. I do not understand why he would do that. I cannot believe that Wendell  took Sebastian and Angela on the reward. I’m the one that's vulnerable. I don't  have an idol. So I need to beat ang in the final five immunity but he takes  ang and fuels her with steak and potatoes. I’m so mad I don't know if I can  trust them. I’m assuming you guys decided together.  I didn't say anything.  Yes, you did.  I nodded and I agree that ang needs a reward. She hasn't been on anything in  forever.  Why are we making decisions based on goodwill.  Laurel's not happy about Wendell's decision, which to me made complete sense.  But unfortunately Laurel's being superemotional, and I’m concerned.  Let's just keep our wheels on the cart. Sea bass goes home. We got to do it  tonight. This could ruin everything for us, because this late in the game, if  she wants to shake things up, she certainly can.  Domenick and Wendell haven't talked to me today, so I do feel like they're  going to aim for me.  I don't think so.  What options are there?  That's what I’m saying. Wendell's safe and dom's got an idol.  D.'s got one were were to?  He says he has two.  He's golden if he has two idols. I think he has one.  I think he has one two.  I wonder if he could put votes on dom and cross our fingers.  That would be wonderful.  Want to do it?  I got nothing to lose because they're probably going to ax me next.  Sebastian says, I’m game with getting Domenick out. It's like, that sounds  great to me. I’m the obvious target after this last tribal I had. But if we  can convince Domenick not to play his idol, maybe we can blind side him.  You're really good with that tonight?  Yeah, and I’m about to tell you why. I have an extra vote. So we don't even  have to tell Laurel.  Wow. This would be an epic move. It would be so perfect.  I like the opportunity of being part of a plan, especially if it is not  against me. There's been a lot of times at tribal i've been left in the dark.  But today I’m in the loop for once. And it feels amazing. I feel like I have  a little bit of power right now.  How did it go today?  Ang, what's going on?  Well, I can tell you something, I probably shouldn't, because it's going to  ruin my game, but one of them have an advantage.  How do you know that in  because they told me.  You're going to get sketched out. So Sebastian has an extra vote, and they're  gunning for you.  Holy crap. Apparently Sebastian has this extra vote, and he is talking to Donathan  about pulling fast one on me. Thank God Angela is a loose cannon. She just  has diarrhea of the mouth. She just does not know how the keep a secret.  Well, if that's the case, you got to put your vote on Sebastian tonight.  That's what I thought.  No one is taken me out. I have two idols.  He thinks you have one. So he thinks you're holding your one for tomorrow.  This could be trouble. Sebastian thinks that I only have one real idol, which  is true, so now I may have to play it tonight, which I don't want to do.  You're with me and Wendell?  I promise.  I think I have Angela on my side, but with Donathan and Sebastian's extra  vote, all he needs is one other person to come with him, and Laurel is pretty  angry. If she flips, I’m in trouble.  You can't say anything, but I may with staying. Sebastian has an extra vote. If  Domenick doesn't play his idol, I won't be going home. You okay with that?  Yeah. I've chosen to work with dom and Wendell this whole time, and it's  worked out well so far, but the only chance that I have of winning this game  is by making a big move, and tonight I have a chance to decide my fate by  taking out one of the biggest players in the game.  Yo.  A lot just went down. Sea bass has an advantage, an extra vote. He's going to  try to take me out because he thinks I only have one idol. Just so you know  going into it. I have a real idol and I have david's fake idol from  millennials versus genx, if I can save the real one for next time, that  guarantees me a walk into final four, but it's a huge gamble not playing it.  I’m rolling the dice either way. I hope I don't crap out, because if I make  the wrong decision, it's game over. It's game over.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Chris, Libby, Desiree, Jenna,  Michael, Chelsea, and Kellyn voted out at the last tribal council. All right.  So day 36, final six. Laurel, can you feel that pressure building around  camp?  Yeah, I think we all feel that pressure. You can see that the finish line is  near, and you're wanting to make big moves, but you also want to make the right  moves. I think those are decisions that you wrestle with every day. Do you go  big, and how do you also go smart.  Jeff: Donathan, is it like caged tigers trying to get out and do something?  Yeah, definitely the pressure has been building, but today I never had really  any conversation, so the pressure is released from me. Today is probably my  time officially to go.  Jeff: Donathan, I have heard that story from you before. Why is today  different?  Because of the tribal last night and the repercussions that I’m dealing with  today from it.  Jeff: Sebastian, does that ring true? Is Donathan in trouble, or is this part  of his game play?  You know, I think he does ring trouble today. I would say there is a good  chance of Donathan going home tonight.  Oh, jeff, I don't buy it for one second. He's been speaking every tribal  council, all of a sudden he's got nothing to say? Who's buying that? I’m not  buying that. I believe there's something going on that he's not telling us,  so i'll let him start. And if he has nothing to say, i'll take over the  story. Donathan?  Take over.  Jeff: Got nothing? I want to make sure, you're going home tonight, there's in  evil plan the take me out of this game. You're not working with anyone here  right now?  Nope.  Jeff: Not even with my friend Sebastian over here, him and his extra vote  that he's holding on to? Nothing like that going on tonight, right?  Nope.  Jeff: Nothing? I’m just saying, you like to blow it up at tribal, let's blow  it up at tribal jowrks going to work together with Sebastian with his extra  vote and maybe another person or two to come get me.  Jeff: Sebastian, do you know what he's referring to?  Yeah, I have an extra vote. I’m not going to lie. I don't know how the cat  got out of the bag, but I do have an extra vote.  Jeff: Sea bass, you want the play ball with Donathan to the end of this game.  I know I’m not going anywhere tonight, so good luck.  I know their pockets were loaded, that's why I’m certain I’m going home.  My pockets are loaded and I’m just prepared to break out my pockets. Enough is  enough already. I got gear. I got gear. I got merchandise, all right. Here we  go. Okay. Here's my two idols. My andrea idol I found on day two, and this is  my jay idol, david from millennials very vs. Genx. Jay played this and was  voted out because it was fake. It's come to life tonight. I’m ready to play  ball, if you think things are going to go the other way, I can promise you,  it's not going to work out as you hope.  Jeff: Wow, Donathan, one little comment. Any regret that you sat down and  said that?  I do feel like I’m going home. I’m an honest person. That's exactly how I feel.  But I tried to make things happen today, and that's what you do in "Survivor."   Donathan, we had a solid thing since day ten. I have been nothing but honest  and open with him. I haven't lied to him once, and for some reason he feels  the need to turn on me for no reason when we were going to sail through this  game together.  I did have a thing with them, but I want to make my own game out here. I don't  want to go by Wendell and dom the whole time. If they're intim dated by that,  then by hell, let them be.  It's not intimidation. It's just us trying to figure out what your game plan  is, man. Why don't you just say, hey, let's get to the final four...  That's what you're telling me to do. I’m here to play my game.  Okay, so if I pull this out...  Which I know you have.  When does this save me? Tomorrow?  Yes, because that's the last time you can play it.  But what if I have a plus one to the party that I could have used for you but  instead maybe i'll use it for somebody else.  You can do that.  These could have been used for you, bro.  You never let me in on those, bro.  Why do I need to let you in on what's my possession, bro.  Because it's an alliance, bro.  I'll throw this one on two, if I can. Got a lot of jewelry here tonight. We're  trying to work with you, Donathan.  I don't want your work no more, Wendell.  That's fine.  Jeff: Dom, you're back in your bag.  Yeah.  Jeff: What's going on?  This is david's authentic fake idol that he played with six people left in  the game, and being that there are six people left in the game, I’m ready to  give it to you now.  I'm going to keep this if you don't mind.  Okay.  Thank you buddy.  It's in the real.  Jeff: Sebastian, Domenick made a big move. What does that do to the game? It's  very interesting move to make it before we vote, especially given all the  talk about an extra vote.  I'm not sure what to make of the early idol, but I don't think my game plan  has changed. It's part of his game plan, and, you know, he's ready to say I’m  safe, and that's a great feeling in this game, especially at six.  Jeff: Wendell, where are we right now?  It's a tricky night here, because dom clearly just played an idol. Sea bass  may or may not be using an additional vote, and Donathan might have something  up his sleeve. So I don't know where I’m voting yet.  Jeff: Laurel, is it hard given everything that's being said right now to have  any certainty that what has been said is the truth.  It's impossible to know if what's been said is the truth. But I do believe  that something was in the works.  Jeff: Do you believe that it's still in the works?  I do believe it's still in the works.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Angela, you're up. Angela, you're up. I'll  go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want the  play it, now would be the time to do so.  Wait. Real quick, jeff. So you already have my idol here. Anyone will notice,  this note looks a little short. It was a few additional words that go with  it. This taintedded idol has not matured into a real idol. Instead your  opportunity to gain power lies in your ability to use this fake idol to fool  another player. This idol is a million dollar gamble I’m taking right now. If  it goes bust, I can't say I didn't try.  Jeff: Domenick is telling the truth. This is not a hidden immunity idol. Any votes  cast for dom will count. I'll read the votes. First vote dom. One vote Domenick.  Donathan. Sebastian. We're tied, one vote Domenick, one vote Donathan, one  vote Sebastian. Sebastian. That's two votes Sebastian, one vote Donathan, one  volt Domenick. 15th person voted out and the eighth member of our jury, Sebastian.   Oh, man.  Jeff: That's three, that's enough. You need bring me your torch.  You're the best guy ever. Sebastian, the tribe has spoken.  You guys have no idea how much fun I had with all you. It was truly a  pleasure.  Jeff: Well, it is one of the toughest parts of this game, trying to read when  someone is telling the truth and when they're bluffing, and if you guess  wrong, you could be gone. Grab your torch, head back to camp, good night.  I am so freaking stupid. Dom is such a good actor. I had such good numbers on  my hands, and he made me keep my extra vote in my pocket. That extra vote is  cursed. Whoever gets that next, I hope you can play it right. I think that  was a million dollar mistake. Good job, buddy.  Jeff: Was it a $1 million mistake? This is the parchment. It got mckayla. It got  Kellyn earlier in the season. And it just got Sebastian. Yes, it will be  coming back. For those of you keeping track, so far six of the seven Ghost  Island relics have cursed again, so say what you want about bad mojo. You know,  you couldn't do a season like this without a history of bad decisions, so we  thought it's only fitting to have some of those early players who made those  notorious bad decisions here with us tonight. Here are two of our favorite,  eric and James. [applause] they have been great sports for years letting us  call them the dumbest moves and all that stuff. We'll talk about what it was  like for them to relive this all over again, and I have an apology for both  of them. More Ghost Island finale coming up.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. And then there were five. Shall we get to today's  immunity challenge?  Yes, sir.  Jeff: First things first, Wendell, I have the take back the necklace.  It's all your, jeff.  Jeff: Thank you.  You're very welcome.  Jeff: Once again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're  going to swim to a platform, climb up, slide down. You'll then make you way  through a series of obstacle, collecting bags of puzzle pieces along the way.  Once you reach the finish, you'll use the pieces inside to solve a four-piece  pyramid puzzle. First to finish wins immunity, guaranteed a spot in the final  four. Losers tribal council where somebody will become the ninth member of  our jury. We are getting down to it. Draw for spots. We'll get started. All right.  Here we go. For immunity and a spot in the final four, Survivors ready? Go!  37 days. Everybody looking surprisingly strong in the swim right now. You got  to get on to the platform, climb up, and then slide down. Wendell first. Here  comes Laurel right behind. There's Domenick. Here comes Donathan. Angela struggling  to get to the platform. She's the last there. Got to climb up it, Angela. Let's  go. You got to dig! Wendell in the early lead. You're going under this first  obstacle. Wendell untying the first of two bags. Here comes Laurel right  behind. There's Domenick. Donathan losing his shorts. Angela still struggling  to stay in this but not giving up. Wendell's over first. Wendell working  toward that second bag now. Laurel has her first bag. She's heading toward  that second bag. Donathan has his first bag. Domenick has his first bag. Everybody  working on their second bag except Angela. Wendell has his second bag. He's first  to the finish platform. He can start untying those bags. Head starts matter  because there's a learning curve. Laurel is right behind him. There's Angela  with her first bag. She's heading to her second bag. Donathan has his second  bag. Domenick has his second bag. Angela still dead last. It is a four-piece  pyramid puzzle, four measly pieces of wood might be the only thing standing  in between you and $1 million payday. First to get it together guaranteed a  spot in the final four. Lose you go the tribal council where anything can  happen. Angela has her second bag. She makes her way to the platform. Angela's  back in this now. Domenick, Wendell, Donathan, Laurel, and Angela, 37 days  into "Survivor" want to win right here. You will know when you're right.  There will be no mistaking this puzzle when it's finished. It will be a  pyramid. Anything short of that is wrong. Everybody here has won individual  immunity at least witness except Donathan. This will be a perfect time to  join that group.  Jeff.  Jeff: Out of nowhere, Wendell quietly builds the pyramid that guarantees  shame spot in the final four. Wendell wins individual immunity, safe tonight  at tribal council. Wendell, come on over.  Nice job, brother.  Jeff: Back-to-back wins, safe again tonight at tribal council. Cannot be  voted out of this game. Guaranteed a one in four shot. At for the rest of  you, 7 days. Final five is impressive. It is still short of the ultimate  goal. For one of you that will be the case. Tonight somebody going home, become  the ninth member of our jury. It won't be you. Grab your stuff, head back to  camp. See you tonight at tribal. Congrats.  This is a big opportunity for me. I have big opportunity for me. I have  individual immunity and an immunity idol. This is me thinking how can I posture  myself in front of the jury. Domenick may be loud and boisterous, but maybe  somebody needs to outsmart you tonight. This is my move now.  Good job, Wendell. You killed it.  Thanks.  Good job, man. I don't know why, in my mind I was convinced the top would be  flat. Wendell's caught himself up to me. He's got two victories under his  belt, the same way I do. I can't get rid of him. We both have idols. Every time  I think I got the edge on him and I pull ahead a little bit in this race for  the best game, sure enough, he comes right back and bites me right back in  the butt. No excuse. Good job. Congratulations.  Had it been a flat top, you would have won.  Going into tribal tonight, being I have real idol to play, I’m safe. What I’m  now trying to determine is what makes sense for me going into final four. Angela's  not really a threat to anyone. So far the only thing she's been really good  at is eating weird food. And I’m pretty sure that's not going to be the  challenge going into final four, so Donathan is the obvious vote, but this is  not an easy decision. I want to ask you a question, hypothetically speaking,  tomorrow's individual immunity challenge, what are your thoughts if you win  whom are you taking with you?  You.  You're taking me?  Oh, yeah. Wendell and Domenick can easily decide to do whatever they want to  tonight because they have safety in their pockets. And I’m thinking, damn,  this sucks. The only game plan that I have from here on out is if Domenick  presses me enough that I will take him to the final three. So I hope I can  solidify that relationship and say, I’m ready to have like a head-to-head  with somebody that's played a great game out here. I’m honest. I want to pick  you. I want to compete against the best.  I'm not going to b.s. You. I’m weighing options. And I don't want to put my  fate in a fire-making challenge. Donathan said, I’m definitely taking you,  like that. It's called a snap call in the poker world where we say, someone  made a snap call means they gave their response without thinking twice. They put  their chips in without even thinking about it. A snap call most of the time  represents a bluff. I don't know if I’m buying it, but the advantage to  taking Donathan is that he is super weak in challenges. And having a weak  player there could help my game, because on the other hand, Laurel's won  challenges. And so that makes Laurel my number-one threat.  I feel very nervous and exposed, not because I don't trust you guys, just  because it's final five, and I feel like this is a big one.  We have your back.  I know, but I feel like I’m the biggest not-safe target on the board, so I’m nervous.   I know I’m the biggest challenge threat left for dom and Wendell in this  game. If they're playing a logical game, it doesn't make sense to keep me. I had  chances to flip on them but I didn't, and now I’m at the morrissey of dom and  Wendell tonight.  There was one concern about you, i'll tell you honestly. Let's say you win  the final four challenge, you'd take don-don, right?  I feel like I need Donathan on the jury so I can get one vote for sure.  Of course don-don would vote for you, but if you were to take one of us out,  wouldn't that be a resume boost for you?  I see your point. I just think my best shot is that you guys split votes. People  are torn between you, and then I pick up enough of the remaid their aren't  split between you.  Laurel basically said, look, my only shot at winning this game is the votes  being split between you and Wendell and maybe there's some bait left over for  me, some scraps for me to pick up. And I mean, it just sounds too ridiculous.  Everyone wants to feel that they have a legitimate shot out here, so the flag  goes up, the red light goes on, and you tell you're, this is not really  someone who I want to trust deciding my fate. If she ends up winning the next  challenge. I think Laurel's full of it.  You think she is?  Well, we need to again consider Laurel beating us. I think she is the only  threat to us tomorrow.  I want the bring a non-factor. I want it to be about me and you.  I'm willing to let her go if that's what you want to do. It's hard me me the  say, that but I’m not opposed to making any moves tonight.  Tonight I have power in that I have individual immunity and I have an idol  some it's a matter of how I use eric's idol to protect one of the three  people remaining. Laurel, ang, or Donathan. This is my opportunity to make a  big move, and shift the jury in my favor. But this is a very risky decision. Eric  made a terrible decision with his idol when he gave it away. I will be here  tomorrow, but whatever I do tonight could screw up my game going forward. I would  love to be able to reverse the curse, and I’m going to try my best. Hopefully  I’m making the right choice. Hopefully I’m making the right choice.  Jeff: We now bring in the members of our jury. Chris, Libby, Desiree, Jenna, Michael,  Chelsea, Kellyn, and Sebastian voted out at the last tribal council. All right.  Laurel, last tribal council a lot went on. There was grandstanding, there was  bluffing. This is a big tribal tonight, because if you survive tonight, at  the very least you got a shot at making fire to get to the end. So what was  the vibe back at camp?  There was a lot of pressure back at camp. I mean, Wendell won again, so he's  safe tonight. We know that dom has his idol. So all three of us are on the  line tonight.  Jeff: But Angela, all three of you can't really be on the line tonight,  right?  Yeah, I definitely think so. I mean, I saw Domenick and Wendell talking  together, running ideas back and forth. You know, tonight is a huge decision  for those two.  Jeff: Donathan, agree with that, that Domenick and Wendell are debating which  one of you to send to the jury and which two to bring with them.  We're on the bottom and we have to lay out what we think is going to make  their game better for them. I've not won individual immunity. These girls  both have immunity wins. So you may have to make a chance with me because I may  be the first out in the challenge tomorrow, and these guys could really face  that challenge tomorrow.  Jeff: Domenick, it's interesting that there could be a turning point where  never having won becomes an asset, because you don't want to bring somebody  tomorrow that could beat you.  Absolutely, jeff. What he's saying makes sense to me. You can have played the  greatest game up to day 37 and then have the biggest blunder in your game by  picking the wrong person to go and move forward with you. So my mind is not  made up.  Jeff: Wendell, does all of the talk of cursed idols or cursed advantage, does  it add even more awareness to the fact, wow, that's right, every decision  matters out here?  I've definitely thought about that, jeff. I have probably the most cursed  individual immunity idol in the history of Survivor, eric's necklace. I keep  thinking if the decision I make is going to curse me going forward in this  game. I have the unique ability to save one out of the three folks in front  of me or I can hold it for myself. It's a difficult position to be in.  Jeff: Domenick it's interesting that Wendell within saying I have something  of power, I don't need it, maybe i'll give it to somebody. Did you have any  discussion?  It's up to him. He holds the power. I can only protect myself tonight.  Jeff: Wendell, I feel like we're right back in a big game of bluff. There's no  chance everybody is being completely transparent.  We have a lot of conversations, and we've been working together a lot. It's no  secret. But he doesn't know what I’m doing with this idol. I’m not throwing  him any more bones. Now it's an individual game.  Jeff: Laurel. This is what you want, something to crack.  Yeah, I mean, them disagreeing is a good thing. I mean, I have been working  with these guys a long time. They've saved me quite a few votes, and i've  saved them quite a few votes. For me I’m hoping that loyalty outweighs the  strength vote.  We're at the nitty gaza city, hony. We're going down to where we can't rely  on loyalty anymore. It's about getting yourself to that three. Like I mentioned  earlier, I have not had great immunity wins. I struggled in challenges. It will  be an advantage for those two back there if they pick me tonight for whatever  lies for tomorrow.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Angela, you're up. Angela, you're up. I'll  go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want the  play it, tonight is the last time you can do so.  I'll let you go first.  You got a big finale you're going to do?  A little one.  All right, jeffrey. This is the season 26 idol, andrea had this in her  pocket. Cochran blindsided her. She went home with. This I am looking to  reverse the curse.  Jeff: You're playing it for yourself?  Playing it for myself, yes.  Jeff: Okay. This is a hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast for Domenick will  not count.  May I say a little something, jeff?  Jeff: Sure.  A few weeks ago someone came in this game and weed up, and she reminded me of  someone from back home. She reminded me of 'y sister iran. I told her I would  be loyal to her like I would be loyal to my sister, so Laurel, I want the  play this for you. This might not be smart strategic move, but I’m standing  by you, and I appreciate all that you have done for me and our alliance.  Wendell, thank you. All right. Well, can I play this for myself.  Jeff: Thank you, Laurel.  Thank you.  Jeff: This is a hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast for Laurel will not  count. I'll read the votes. Laurel. Does not count. Donathan. One vote Donathan.  Donathan. That's two votes Donathan. 16th person voted out and the ninth  member of our jury, Donathan. That's three. That's enough. You need to bring  me your torch.  Last Malolo. Give it hell, girl. Jeff, I have had the wonderful most experience  of my life.  Jeff: Donathan, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  Thank you, jeff.  Jeff: Angela, Domenick, Wendell, Laurel, you have made it to the final four. Tomorrow  you'll compete in your final immunity challenge. Win, you are guaranteed a  spot at the final tribal council. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night.   I had the most amazing time playing this game. You know, i've always  underestimated myself. So to come out here and do as great as I did, it's  worth more than $1 million to me, because the lessons that I learned out  here, I can apply to real life now and, you know, it's something that i'll  always remember for eternity.  Jeff: Donathan, he went down fighting with those truth bombs. Let's bring him  out. Come on, Donathan. [cheering and applause] he was a true fish out of  water.  Hello, jeff.  Jeff: Donathan, we watched you play this game, and when you started, you  really were a fish out of water. And day by day we watched you find your  voice and gain more confidence. I heard from so many people, did you change  as a result, because you talked about back home you weren't always supported  and you felt picked on at times?  Yeah, as -- sorry. I’m so nervous. At the age of eight I started jim  newscastics, and as 13 I came out as a guy guy in a particular area that that  doesn't happen. Along the way I lost my voice. And I got bullied a lot. But coming  on "Survivor," I wanted to show people I had a voice and I was  going the break some walls down while I was out there, and I think that I did  that. [cheering and applause]  jeff: Well, you definitely did, and I want to share something. I was going to  ask you another question about how many people responded, but then honestly,  just about 20 seconds ago backstage you have another very big fan. We sort of  have this "Survivor" ben factor fan in sia the pop star. A few  seasons ago she was so proved by ty's story that she wanted to be involved in  his life. And this season she was so touched by the way you have dedicated  your life to your family that she wants to give you $10,000 to help you take  care of your family.  Thank you so much.  Jeff: Thank you. You are awesome. More "Survivor." we're down to  four. A lot more show left. We'll be right back.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Here we are. Started with 20. We are down to four. Day  38, your final immunity challenge. Shall we get to it?  Yeah.  Yes, sir.  Jeff: First things first, Wendell, for the second time if a row, got to take  back the necklace. Thank you.  No problem.  Jeff: For the last time immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge  you're going to balance on a wobbly beam while using a long pole to stack  balls on stands. At any point your stack drops. You got to start over. First person  to stack all six balls wins immunity, is guaranteed a spot at that final  tribal council where you will get your opportunity to state your case, why  you deserve the title of sole Survivor and the million dollars. In addition,  you get to choose one person to sit next to you at that final and force the  remaining two to showdown in a fire-making challenge. Let's draw for spots  and get it on. Final challenge. All right. Here we go. Final immunity  challenge. Survivors ready? Go! This is what it comes down to right here. 38  days of competition is going to require a base that's very firm and hands  that are really surgeon-like. Wendell off the a quick start. Places his first  ball. Angela right in it. Domenick places his first. 38 days can make the  simplest thing difficult. Wendell back with his second stand. Everybody here  has won individual immunity. Everybody knows what it feels like. But nobody  knows what it would feel like tonight. Wendell with his second ball. Here comes  Domenick. Domenick working on that second ball. Domenick fighting, losing it,  trying to adjust it and he does. Domenick has his second ball. Nice recovery.  You've got to make sure that it is looking straight, because the higher it  gets, the tougher it gets. It is Wendell with his fourth stand, then Angela. Here  comes Domenick with his third stand. Laurel with her second ball. Laurel with  that fourth ball. There are only six balls total. He's got it. Domenick trying  to get back in it. Domenick places his third stand. Domenick loses  everything. He's got to start over now. A huge setback for Domenick. Here comes  the fifth ball for Wendell. It would be his third individual immunity win in  a row. Wendell still looking pretty straight. Will it stay? Yes. Laurel still  struggling to get back in this. Laurel drops. She's got to start over. Angela  places her fourth ball. Here comes Domenick with his second. Wendell placing  his sixth stand. Wendell has one ball left. That stack is leaning. Will it  stay? Will it hold? 38 days, and it comes down to this, a backyard challenge potentially  for $1 million. And Wendell loses everything. Just as he's coming up with his  final ball. It is now Angela in the lead. She resets now taking her time. She's  got a big lead. She can slow down for a minute. Angela's wobbly at the  bottom. And Angela drops. It is Domenick now in the lead. This is why you  never give up time and time again on "Survivor." you are reminded  to keep fighting, and this is why. Anything can and often does happen. It is  now Domenick in the lead with three balls coming back with his fourth. Domenick  places his fourth ball. It is a race to catch Domenick. Domenick is just  trying to build it tall enough and straight enough to put this baby in bed. Wendell  quickly back in it placing his third stand. Domenick with his fifth stand. Angela  trying to get back in it. Wendell places his third ball. Laurel with her  second. Domenick places his fifth ball, really taking his time, which opens  the door for Wendell to catch him. Wendell back with his fourth ball now. This  is the showdown of the final immunity challenge. Here comes Domenick with his  sixth and final stand. And he's got it. Laurel loses everything again. Wendell  with his fifth stand. He's working hard to make up time. Domenick now coming  back with his sixth and final ball. This would do it right here guaranteeing  him a spot at that final tribal. Wendell continues to dig, coming back with  his fifth ball. This is what you want on day 38 in the final immunity  challenge on "Survivor." Domenick places the sixth ball. He's got  to get back to the start. And he does! Domenick wins individual immunity and  a guaranteed spot at the final tribal council. [applause]  good job, dom.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Domenick, come on over. Final individual immunity. You are going to the  final tribal. I can see the emotion already.  I don't know, man, it's just... 38 days of just non-stop emotion, and it's  still not over. We got work to do still, jeff.  Jeff: All right. Dom said it. It's not over. You still have a big decision to  make. Tonight you are going to decide which one of these three sits next to  you at that final tribal and which two have to battle it out in a fire-making  showdown and earn it. Should make for a very interesting afternoon. It's not  going to happen back at camp. The four of you are going the leave here for  one final visit to Ghost Island, where you will get your chance to plead your  case to dom. In addition, you also have one final task. Read this in private.  Grab your stuff, head out the Ghost Island. See you tonight at tribal council.   All right.  <br/>Jeff: Congrats.  Thank you.  Jeff: All I needed was just to win immunity. Domenick is the man with a lot  of power. I know he wants to get me out of here. So I have one task. I have  make fire before whoever is next to me. If I mess up, I got to sit in the  final three. This has been a dream of mine tonight is do or die for me.  I can't believe it. I won the challenge. After 38 days of ups and downs,  lefts and rights, wheeling and dealing, i've secured my spot into the final three.  I’m happy I’m going to see Ghost Island not as a victim but as, you know, a  winner, but this game is far from over. Because I have a huge decision to  make on who to bring with me to the final three, and if I screw that up, it's  going to cost me $1 million.  Welcome to Ghost Island.  Here it is.  Look at this.  Wow.  One bad decision can haunt you forever. It feels terrible being back at Ghost  Island, especially under these circumstances. I lost the challenge. Now dom  is immune tonight. He gets to pick who goes with him to the final three, and  then the remaining two have to battle it out making fire, nd I know he's not  choosing me to go forward, because he doesn't want to be next to me, because  I think he's a little scared of the game I played, you know? However, I feel  confident in my fire-making ability, so I think I should be all right.  Mr. Wendell.  I'm proud of you for doing that, and tonight I’m going to make some fire.  How do you feel about the other two?  I feel like I could beat either one of them, but you're the power man, so the  ball is in your court.  Obviously Wendell is my biggest concern out here. We've been working  together. But he knows that I can't bring him. I can't hand him an invite  into the final three. He's played a great game. And I think he has the  respected of a lot of the people on the jury, and that's a threat to me. So I  got to figure out which of those girls have the best chance of beating him.  I'm going to take some more time to consider the situation, but just  practice. Do what the competitor Laurel would do.  So you're saying it's me? You don't know? It's not a bluff. I cannot beat him  in fire. I'd love to be bad ass and make fire, but I’m not the one to take  him out. I am so frustrated because this is the hurdle I have to get to get  to final three. I know I am not good at making fire. I've seen Wendell do it.  I've seen dom do it. I have not practices as much as I should have. I know  that's the cardinal rule of "Survivor." know how the make fire. So  I’m in a tough spot now. I don't want him thinking I have a shot at. This I mean,  Angela is a lot better with fire than I am.  If you take him out, you win $1 million. It's not me that's going to take him  out, it's ang.  I don't know if Laurel is a viable option at this point. She's kind of given  up on herself out here saying, don't make me fight for fire. Let me just come  with you. I don't respect that. You're on "Survivor." what the heck  was she thinking not practicing making fire. We all knew this was coming. So  I may have to go with plan "b." I haven't made up my mind yet. I feel  like you're the strongest that could take Wendell out in the fire. I don't  want to put my faith in Laurel to do it. I want to put my faith in you  because I believe if anyone is going to kick his ass it's you.  He's good. Domenick wants me to go against Wendell. I know how the do it. I know  the basics. Still, the idea definitely makes me nervous, and to be honest, I think  dom going to the end with Laurel would be a huge mistake.  Here's my problem with that. She's never pissed anybody off and she's sweet. She's  nice. Everybody likes her. I don't have those bonds. Because nobody talked to  me.  I know. I know.  Jeff: That's the difference.  I know. This is so tough for me.  Dom, she knows the game. She's a yale graduate. She's a talker.  Laurel is going to discredit me.  Big time. She is going to fuel the fire. She will go down fighting.  What lang is saying does make sense. But Wendell is still the biggest threat  out here, and I think Angela might be able to help me get rid of him. She's a  tough cookie, and I’m just like, you have made it 38 days. I think you got  what it takes. I believe in you. So you need to believe in yourself.  Wendell is the battle I have to beat. And if I can help you take him out, we  can be sitting there at the end.  All right.  The military preaches prior planning, so they always say prior planning  prevents poor performance.  You're going to start with this.  Right.  I'm very scared. But I’m not going to quit, because anything can happen.  There you go. That's it.  I'm still here. I’m still going to work hard, and I’m going to make sure  they've done everything I can to get me, you know into, that top three.  <br/>I'll read my message real quick, see what that's about.  After winning the challenge, jeff gave me a little note. I had no idea what  to think. So I made my way up this trail to the top of Ghost Island to read  it. It was a little intimidating actually, and I started to get that whole Ghost  Island feeling. There are real curses out here from seasons past, monumental  mistakes made in the game that cost people in this game $1 million, and it  plays with your mind. Oh, my God. All right. Let's see what this says here. Congratulations.  You have earned your spot at the final tribal council, but you have one  decision left to make. Who to take with you. It's the same decision colbie,  wu, and culpepper faced. They made the wrong decision and it will haunt them  forever. Tomorrow night the jury will place their votes in one of these  cursed urns. Choose one and bring it with you to tribal council. This is a $1  million opportunity for you to reverse the curse. This is just another thing  to think about. You're staring at these relics from the past that are just  looking you in the face and saying, are you going to make the same mistake as  I did?  These are the authentic Survivor voting urns from three iconic seasons. Second  season, Survivor australia, colbie chose tina.  The winner of "Survivor" the australian outback, tina.  Tina won. 28th season, wu chose tony.  Jeff: The winner of "Survivor," tony.  Tony won. 34th season, "Survivor: Game changers," culpepper chose  sarah.  Jeff: The winner of "Survivor: Game changers" sarah.  Sarah won. Just a little reminder before I go into making this huge decision,  it's killing me. I don't know what to do.  As I was looking at these urns, I had this thought. I’m not sure that Angela  can beat Wendell in fire making, so what if I give her my necklace and step  into that ring with Wendell in the fire making challenge, because if I put  myself up against Wendell and take him out of this game, it would show  everyone on that jury that I deserve to win the $1 million. I have to make a  serious decision right now. God. The question is, do I take this crazy gamble  and make a monumental move that could put me on the map as one of the  greatest players to ever play this game, or do I take the safe route and  potentially be one of those people who are haunted by this poor decision for  the rest of their lives. I’m going to go with the cagayan urn. I’m hoping  people will see my game is played as well as tony's was. I would be crazy to  do this, but I ultimately do believe in my ability to make fire better than  any of the three out here, and I am a huge gambler. That sounds crazy, but I might  be sick enough to do that. All right.  All right. Do what you got to do, brother. In the event something goes  haywire, it's been great. It's all love, great game. It's all good, man. All right.  I love you, dude. Thank you for everything, for real.  You can play this game great for 38 days. You can make every move perfect. But  if I make the wrong decision tonight, it was all for nothing. And I think the  only thing I can do is trust what i've trusted for 38 days out here, and  that's my gut. This is a million dollar decision. If I screw up that, I would  never be able to live with myself.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Chris, Libby, Desiree, Jenna,  Michael, Chelsea, Kellyn, Sebastian, and Donathan voted out at the last  tribal council. All right. So we have our final immunity challenge. Domenick,  you win, and in doing so guarantee yourself a spot at the final tribal  council tomorrow night. You also gained the power to bring one person with  you, but instead of going back to camp, you guys all get in a boat for one  final visit to Ghost Island, where I’m guessing Laurel, Angela, and Wendell  plead their case.  Yeah. It was quite an afternoon. The theme of this season is one bad move  could haunt you forever, and I do not want to be part of that legend. I want  to know that up to this point I have made decision after decision the right  way. It's terrifying. It's just terrifying.  Jeff: So Laurel, what was your plea? What case did you make to Domenick?  My case is Domenick has made it clear that he's trying to take Wendell out. If  that's his goal, I’m not the person to do it. Ang is the queen of fire at our  camp. She tends to the fir every single day and every night. If he's trying  the take a shot at Wendell, I’m not the person to do it.  Jeff: Angela, what's your case?  Laurel is a talker. She has just as many friends and allies that I do, and  she's convincing. She's likable. I don't think she's made anybody mad.  Jeff: So your case is it's risky to bring Laurel, she could beat you.  Absolutely, yes. I definitely think she can if she's up there, she'll beat  dom.  Jeff: Wendell, you guys have been pretty open that you have been working  together for a long time in this game.  My case was a big hug. I told my bro I love him and I told him I’m going to  try my best to make fire tonight.  Jeff: You didn't even think there was chance he would bring you.  Not a chance. And I wouldn't bring him. So I’m going to fight my butt off  tonight.  Jeff: Domenick, was that understood between the two of you that if you got to  four this is where we break up.  We've been working together for so long, but we've also talked about who is  going to cut whose throat first, because we both realize we're playing a  pretty decent game. There's no b.s.ing each other. But tonight presents an  opportunity for me to take one last shot at getting rid of this guy, but as  long as I sit at the purple table, I feel like I have a good shot.  Jeff: I can tell you, that based on the seat you're sitting at, you would be  sitting at orange.  You got any paint?  Jeff: That is interesting that on day 38 the orange curse still resonates on  some level.  That color has been scaring me for the last 38 days, jeff.  Jeff: So Domenick, your last task was to choose one urn and bring it with  you.  Right.  Jeff: Because tomorrow night the votes will be placed in that cursed urn, and  we will resolve Ghost Island. Which urn did you choose and why?  Well, I brought the urn from cagayan, season 28, where wu could have won like  that by taking cass with him, and instead he insisted he wanted to play this  game with the best out there, and that was tony, and that reminds me of my  buddy right here. If it ends up biting me in the butt that I went with him,  the curse will continue, but I have faith in myself, I have faith in my game.   Jeff: All right. I'll take that from you. Thank you. So let's get to it. Domenick,  who you going to take to sit next to you at final tribal?  Jeff, it resonated throughout the day, an I’m making this decision because I have  faith that my girl ang is going to give my friend Wendell here a run for his  money tonight, so I’m going the take Laurel with me to final three and I want  to just thank her no matter what happens, both of these people here, they've  been great, and let's see what they got.  Jeff: So Laurel, you will be at the final tribal council tomorrow night.  It's a huge weight off of me. I’m kind of speechless right now. I’m so  thankful. And I’m so excited. Thank you, dom.  You got it.  Appreciate it.  Jeff: Uh-huh. So we have two of our final three. Angela, Wendell, you're  going to show down. You can take your spots at your fire-making stations. Lang  is at purple. Wendell is at orange.  If you want...  I don't make the call. I don't care where I sit.  Jeff: Let's explore this. You don't care where you sit.  I date of birth care where I sit.  Jeff: And you deeply care where you sit?  Absolutely.  Jeff: Well, if you want to switch.  It's okay with me.  Thanks, ang.  Jeff: It's amazing, isn't it? Wendell is petrified of orange, wants nothing  to do with it. You don't care. Yet both of you have the same thing at stake,  $1 million.  If it makes him feel better, I’m okay, because it doesn't bother me.  Jeff: We're looking for our third bern to join the final three, Wendell  versus Angela, fire-making competition. You both have the same amount of  supplies. First one to build a fire high enough and hot enough to burn  through the rope and raise the flag will join Laurel and Domenick at the  final tribal council. The loser will become the tenth and final member of our  jury. You guys both ready? Go. 38 days. Fire is a way of life out here. Two  very similar approaches out of the gate. This is it. Potentially a $1 million  fire right here. Wendell within quickly starts shaving magnesium. Angela now  getting into it. This could go very fast or we could be here a while. There's  a bit of a breeze. You want a shot to plead your case, you have got to make  fire faster than the other person. Wendell already trying to get a spark  going. Angela still scraping, trying to build a pile. Quickly Wendell has a  flame.  Whoa. But it goes out.  Jeff: That wind is going to be an obstacle. Angela sparking now, trying to  get something going. Angela's got a little fire.  Go, ang. It goes out.  Jeff: Wendell sparking again. Angela sparking. Angela has a little fire. Can she  keep it going. Wendell's got fire. Angela's goes outs. Wendell's doesn't. That  wind is blowing. Very hard the contain that fire. That tinder will burn fast.  He's got to get something to take. One big gust could take it out. Angela still  fighting. That flame has a long way to go. It's got to get high enough, hot  enough, and be in line with the rope. Angela still working to get something  going. Wendell now piling on. That flame is starting to burn taller now. Angela's  got to get something going. Very quickly Wendell has a decent fire. Looking over  at dom as if to say, i'll be seeing you momentarily. Angela trying to make  sure that does not happen. She's got to get something going. Wendell's fire  burning taller now, brighter, starting to burn the rope. The flame is burning  hot. Just got to burn through that rope. The wind keeps moving it around. Angela  not giving up, though, continues to fight. That wind continues to push that  flame around. It's on the rope then it's off the rope. Angela going crazy now  trying to get it going. And there it is. Wendell within makes fire. Wendell will  join Laurel and Domenick at the final three tomorrow night at final tribal  council. Angela becomes the tenth and final member of our jury. In a  million-dollar fire-making showdown. Angela, 38 day, a little short of the goal.  It is a long time to survive on "Survivor." you become the tenth  and final member of our jury. You need bring me your torch.  All right. Ang.  See ya.  Thanks, babe.  Jeff: Angela, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  Good luck.  Love you.  Jeff: Laurel, Domenick, Wendell, congratulations. You accomplished what  everybody wants to achieve and very few actually do. You've made it to the  final tribal council. Tomorrow night the power in this game shifts to the  jury. Ten people that you played alongside and voted out will decide who they  think is most deserving of the title of sole Survivor and the $1 million  prize that goes along with it. You have one more night out here. I hope you  can get some sleep. You will most definitely need it. Grab your torches. Head  back to camp. Good night.  I made it this far. I’m proud of myself, but my goal was to win. While I believed  in myself, it's very hard for me to accept that I failed. Obviously everybody  comes out the win, but there is only one winner.  This is it. This is it, baby. I’m not going to cry. I hate you. I hate you. Can  we arm wrestle or something? Day 39, oh, my goodness. As a super fan, this  has been a dream of mine for a decade pretty much. It's great. It's the best  feeling in the world.  We're all deserving of it. Not one that's more or less. It's just the way it  is.  It's go time. But there's still work to be done, and I think I can plead my  case and win against anybody. I was like a silent assassin, quietly in  control of this game. I found ways to connects with all these people all the  while they were sent to the jury based on my decisions, and I made it to the  end.  Season 36, we love you. 39 days. Wow. I feel like I can win this game if I bring  my a game.  Yes, bagels. Fruit, veggies.  This everything is we need.  It's been a huge growth experience for me. I look back on day two or three. I  was terrified. And now I just feel so confident.  Great friends. Congrats.  Cheers. I feel like I’m the underdog. When you're the underdog, you have  nothing to lose.  Listen to that sizzle.  My challenge is going to be making sure the jury knows the moves that I have  been making.  Can I get some?  Cheers, guys.  Cheers, guys, we earned it.  I played from the bottom of this entire game. I was on a tribe that got  decimated. In order to save myself, I found people that were willing to work  across tribal lines and work with them. Though my game wasn't as flashy, most  of the jury votes came down to my decision. I saved dom and Wendell multiple  times. I played a hard game. I’m going to go out there and fight for it.  Such a huge swing between first and second place. It could be a difference of  one vote. Once I stepped foot on this beach, what I realized was there's no  turning back now. Me playing this game was no more about me doing it for me.  I owe it to my family back home to win this game and the $1 million, because  they were with me every step of the way out here. You really have to watch  your tone in front of the jury.  Really?  Yeah.  It's like huge.  I'll take note. Tonight's not going to be easy. I know I’m far from done,  because I know Laurel's the last Malolo standing. She's got a lot of love on  that jury, and Wendell scares the hell out of me. This Wendell guy is going  to give me trouble tonight. I know it. But this is season 36, and juries  respected great game play. It is game time, kids. I believe in my heart that  I had the best game play out here. I think I had the ability to explain that  and justify it to this jury, but I hope my edge isn't too sharp, because I don't  want to come off in a way that's like, I’m better than you. I kicked your as.  This is the toughest part. This is what 39 days of work, effort, and energy  has come down to is this one night. I think we're going to see an epic tribal  council, and I know that it's going to be one for the ages. That it's going  to be one for the ages.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Chris, Libby, Desiree, Jenna,  Michael, Chelsea, Kellyn, Sebastian, Donathan, and Angela. All right. So Laurel,  Domenick, Wendell, you've outlasted 17 other people in the game, survived 39  days. You've dealt with switches and twists. There was Ghost Island and  curses to reverse. But here we are. For the jury, it's a process of discovery  for you to get all the facts so you can write the name of the person you  believe played the best game and place it in the urn that Domenick brought  back from Ghost Island to finish out this season. I’m going to give you a  minute to gather your thoughts. We'll get started.  Jeff: Okay, first portion of "Survivor" is the outwit part of the  game, the social part of the game, alliances, any ethical or moral dilemmas,  the lines you might have crossed. Kellyn, get us started with the social part  of the game.  Hi, everyone. Congratulations on sitting there and not here. In some ways we  all envy you, and in other ways I’m glad that I’m not the three of you  tonight because of what might be coming your way. So i'd like the hear what  your plan was coming in and how you thought you were going to play the game  socially with alliances and relationship building. Laurel, do you mind  starting?  Yeah, coming into the game I came in as an athlete and I planned to play a  really physical, aggressive game. Unfortunately, I was on Malolo, and I was  put in a position where I was playing from the bottom from day one. So I managed  to use my social game the find a way to hang in there vote after vote after  vote. I aligned with two of the most powerful players in the game, so I didn't  plan coming into this game for my game to be largely social, but it  absolutely was.  For the record, i'll give you the credit, not only were you in Malolo and  down on numbers, you were the only one of the three on all four times. You were  put in a harder social position having to make new relationships every couple  days, but you were glueded to two of them, letting them pave the way.  I want the clarify, I don't think I rode with them. If you think their moves  were great, I was part of all their moves.  We always felt like we had a little power in this game because we could  switch it up when we wanted to.  I think they were flashier about it and smoke more about it at tribal, but  they wouldn't be here without me. Des came to me with a plan. I exposed it to  save myself, to get myself one step further away from the chopping block.  Just putting one more person in front of you is not really anything to brag  about. You knew that these two were a huge problem that needed to be separated.  You had the chance to make a huge move, and to obtain power and to really  switch the game up.  But I wasn't scared to make big moves. I was receptive to plenty of options. With  these guys I was in the top of the majority alliance. I’m not dumb. I know  that sitting next to these guys is the toughest competition out here.  I do think that dom played the best social game. He had pretty strong  relationships with all of us. He was always having conversations. Wendell,  you and I also had great conversation, but I feel as though you were always  off making your next creation or whatever it was, while, you know, maybe dom  was out connecting with somebody.  I totally understand where you're coming from, but Domenick is a big talker. He's  a new york guy. He's the Domenick show. I think conversations that I had with  people were super genuine, like we had great conversations about your father.  I talked to Libby about her love for food, so I tried the make her a whole  pantry. Des and I argued night after night about kanye versus chance the  rapper versus other rappers. Yes, I took myself out of the game for some  mental space, but I also invested a lot of time and sleepless nights in the  game.  I'm not going to vote for you off of a music conversation. I need you to tell  me just a little bit more about these sleepless nights where you were digging  deep and doing all this stuff, because I don't really understand what it is  that you're talking about.  Okay. Well, ang came to me on the second day and said, what are you thinking?  We're thinking dom. And I’m like, whoa, this is day number the work and we're  already throwing names out there.  It's "Survivor."  for the first couple weeks, all I did was damage control to protect this guy,  my brother, from mr. Noble. From day one Chris and come were after each  other. I thought I could find a way to bring these two guys together. You would  have been right here on our three.  That's now how it would have worked. Here's the deal, guys, if you want that  $1 million, someone needs to tell me who is the real mastermind in this  alliance?  From my perspective, I was the mastermind. I was the --  go ahead.  May I finish?  Let me hear it.  From my perspective I was the mastermind. I had this alliance of five. It lasted  three days.  This alliance of five. But go ahead.  Let's hear him first.  Sure.  The alliance of five, nothing happened to them because we kept winning. When the  swap happened, that's when I pull in Laurel.  You?  I have a conversation with Laurel.  Laurel, who pulled you in?  Domenick came us to four Malolo and said, I’m willing to slip and let's get Angela  out. We got nervous and decided to go with Morgan and that's why Morgan went  down.  Thank you, Donathan.  That's true.  I appreciate that, thank you. Chris, there is no mastermind. Let's stop with  the nonsense. Do I look like the type of person the take orders from anybody?  Wendell may have said, dom, your name is floating around. This was on dame  two. But Chris noble was on my team, and I went victory after victory after  victory, and the one challenge we lost, luckily for me, he gets sent to Ghost  Island. So I approached Donathan. I approached Laurel. I approached Libby. I approached  them. I said, I’m willing to work with you. They fooled the hell out of me. They  voted Morgan out. It was a brilliant move. But that's what it came down. To there  was no mastermind here. I made every decision for myself from the start, day  one of this game until this moment that I’m sitting here.  So if anyone feels like they worked with the dom and Wendell show throughout  this game, can you please raise your hand? In one word, who brought you in to  work with the dom and Wendell show, dom or Wendell? Laurel?  I believe that I approached them. I don't think it was one of them that  brought me in.  Okay. That works. Go ahead.  Domenick.  It was come of course for me too.  Wendell. So I stuck with Wendell.  Domenick for me.  But at the end of the day, you guys proved forward and you have been  together. So I need one of you to like bury the other one, because I thought  for sure you had to knock each other off. It would be ridiculous for both of  you to sit there.  You think I want to compete against him? I even talked to him. I’m like, bro,  when are we taking each other out. You know we can't go together, and it  didn't fall into place. There was no opportunity. He had an idol, and I had  an idol. So we just accepted the fact that, look, let's just work together to  the end. But I will say, if I had a shot at him at final five, I would have  rally the troops to get his ass out of here.  Part of my strategy was to sit become and let dom be the dom show. In tribal  councils you'll always hear dom. When we get back, you'll always see dom. Some  of his neat ricks kind of hurt people. And, yes, I made some difficult moves,  but I really just tried to be a lover out here. I really did.  It sounds to me like you sat become and let him do all the work and piss  people off, which is hard, you know to, handle in "Survivor."  thank you for, that because you might think that Domenick did everything, but  I knew a lot of heat was on me. I saw my name a few times. I was just trying  to make moves on the low.  Jeff: All right. Let's move on to the outplay portion of the game. This is  camp life, challenges, finding idols, switches, twists. Laurel, pitch your  case that you outplayed the other two when it comes to the outplay portion of  the game.  I won a challenge, and the changes that I didn't win I was always in the  running for. I think the difference with me is I never felt like I had to win  a challenge to save my game. I think if you were relying on a challenge to  save your game you're, doing something wrong. Once we got to the end game, I didn't  feel like if I didn't win immunity I was going home because I had positioned  myself in a position where I was safe.  Jeff: Wendell?  Okay. As briefly as I can i'll try the talk about camp life. It was part of  my strategy to make it a more comfortable situation so we can be happier and  we're all performing a lot better. So I built seating, a tool shed for the  fellas. I built three beds.  Wendell, I think we're all is thankful that we had you around camp to do  everything you did. It was amazing truly. But I want to know about both of  your idol dynamics, who knew what, was what was fake, what you made. I think  we're all curious what happened.  As far as idols are concerned, I think idol management is also a key  component of this game. I found an idol, and I didn't have to use it. You guys  know me and Laurel were working together a lot. So I was able to protect Laurel  with my idol. That's the kind of move I made. I tried everything I could to  prove my loyalty to Laurel.  The loyalty pitch doesn't work for me. I may for other people. I don't see it  like that.  That's fine. I appropriate that you judge me on other merits and me saying I was  a loyal player.  Can i?  Go ahead.  From an idol perspective. I'll talk to you about something that I am very  proud of that I think was maybe one of the best moves this game's seen, and  that was the night of the Sebastian vote. It is important that you understand  the neat ricks of it that went down, because I knew that it looked  distasteful to a lot of you when I pulled out two idols --  distasteful is one word.  Yeah. I have a lot to say to you, buddy.  And we can get into it, and hopefully you'll see exactly why I did what I had  to do. So what was most critical to me was that I preserved my real idol for  final five. So I called Sebastian and Donathan out on this plan against me,  which was going to be executed that night. So it was my job to change the  fate of that.  Is that what was going to happen?  That's what was going to happen, but the way you did it, you and Wendell put  your bling bling on. It was ridiculous. Everyone on this jury is like, what  was going on. This is ridiculous.  Agreed.  Will you let him finish.  I'm sorry.  We were brothers. I was going to vote you out, but that was brutal. I’m a  lover, dude. I played from my heart. That was my entire game. I didn't even  have strategy, you know.  You tried the use my truth bomb, but my truth bomb was more of an attack.  It was an act. Have I ever been that aggressive in this game to anyone?  Yes.  Really?  I don't know. I feel like most of your game was a bit of an act.  I'm hurt by that, because I mean, I had an objective. It was the only way I could  have sold it. I needed to pretend that this fake idol had power and that  convinced you.  It worked.  It worked.  That's all it was. I am not an evil, malicious person. I don't have a  malicious bone in my body. I have two daughters at home. There's no way  that's me. And I’m sorry. I realize it was aggressive and abrasive, and I get  it, but that to me was a huge move. It's a million dollar gamble. No one got  what I was trying to do. I thought anyone up there was fan of the game would  appreciate it.  For the record, I thought that from a game standpoint strategy-wise, it was  brilliant, because it may have swayed Sebastian's mind knowing you were  guaranteed final five. And I had a real idol to play at five and it's a good  thing I had, because this guy won the immunity challenge, and that would have  been his chance the take me out.  For me personally, dom, you and I have been at it since day one, but there is  a mutual respect I have because you did play you ass off. You played the game  hard.  Thank you. Thank you.  Jeff: All right. Now we're going the move to the last portion, which is the outlast.  It comes back to you guys. Did you put the people on the jury who respect  your game more than the other two? This is your last chance to convince them.  Laurel, you're up?  Yeah, I understand that you guys view my mistake as taking these guys to the  end. And in the making a move against them when I had multiple chances to do  so. I know that you're craving the big move, and it would have been exciting  to take them out of the game. That's a big move that would have benefited  probably every one of you but would not have benefited me. If they go out at  nine or eight or seven, I’m the next to go and I have no options to get to  the end. I got to final five. And Wendell played his idol on me. Not because  I wasn't a threat, but out of loyalty and out of the relationship that we  have developed. There is no one else that would have done that for me if I had  taken them out. That secured me a spot in the final four. So I understand the  craving for a big move, but for me I had to go with the smart move that gave  me a chance to get to the end.  Jeff: Domenick?  So I realized a lot of things I did was unpopular, that I hurt people out  here, I want you all to know when I speak, I’m speaking with confidence and  passion. I don't want it to come off as harshness or brashness or arrogance  or anything like that because I played a hell of a game, and I know it, and I  own it, and I own every move i've done. I wore that necklace three times. I found  two relics out here. One was real, one was fake. I think the fake one I put  to good use, as unpopular as it may have been. Just vote with your heart  tonight and remember that it's about who played the best game, not  necessarily who made the nicest furniture or who did this or did that. It's about  owning your moves and playing your heart out out here. I’m proud of what I did  and I’m proud of what I brought to the game.  Jeff: Wendell?  Okay. First and foremost, thank you guys for letting me come out here and  live this dream. When I came out here, I wanted to bring the true unique  pieces of me out here. I wanted to build some things. I wanted to be a guy  who is kind of athletic, kind of social, kind of smart. I wanted to mesh all  of these pieces of the true me, and I also wanted to put my heart out there  and let people know who I am. I tried to play a clean game, although there  are some things that I’m still apoll jetteddic for, but as a whole, I hope  you understand that there are players in this game that make some cool moves  that people would like to see, and there are players that really thought  things through and made very strategic moves. Once again I just thank you for  this opportunity.  Jeff: All right. Jury, nice job gathering information. Laurel, Domenick, Wendell,  handled yourselves very well. There is one thing left to do. Jury, I’m going  to give you a moment to take in everything you've heard, and then we will  vote. Okay. We are there. Final tribal. This is it. We did this last year,  and we had a lot of fun with a girl named ava. What's your name?  I'm samantha. &gt;&gt;.  Jeff: Okay, samantha last time ava predicted who she thought would win. I'll give  you the parch. By the way, she got it right. Here's your pen. Keep it a  secret. Don't say anything, anybody. Because the next time I come back, I’m going  to announce the winner of "Survivor: Ghost Island," and we'll see  if you got it right or not, no pressure. Ava got it right. Can samantha get  it right? Hold it up. Keep it a secret. We'll come back later. The winner of  "Survivor: Ghost Island" coming up right after this.  Jeff: All right. Jury, after 39 days, it comes down to this: Who do you feel  is most deserving of the title of sole Survivor and the $1 million prize that  goes along with it? For the last time, it is time to vote. Jenna, you're up.  I'm not the type of person to get my feelings hurt. I respect the hell out of  you. You deserve to win this game.  Wendell, you deserve this.  Wendell, you played a phenomenal game, but dom, I have a respect for you. You  played better than everyone else. You deserve this.  Dom, I think you were the brawn behind the operation, but I think Wendell was  the strategist and the brains all along.  Jeff: I'll go get the votes.  Oh, my God. It's over.  Jeff: All right. I’m going to read the votes.  What?  What?  I thought he was joking.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: First vote Domenick. Wendell. Domenick. Two votes Domenick. Wendell. Two  votes Domenick, two votes Wendell. Domenick. That's three votes Domenick. Wendell.  Domenick. That's four votes Domenick. Tied again. Four votes Domenick, four  votes Wendell. That's five votes Domenick. Four votes Wendell. One vote left.  Wendell. For the first time in 36 seasons of "Survivor," we have a  tie. Here's what happens in a tie. The person who is not tied, Laurel, you  become the 11th and final member of our jury, and you will cast the deciding  vote. Laurel, come grab the urn, and make your vote.  I love you guys. No thank you.  Yeah.  Oh, my God.  Oh, my God.  Oh, my gosh.  Oh, my gosh.  Jeff: I'll go get the vote.  I hate that I had to do that, you guys. What a crazy ending to this story.  Jeff: This vote i'll save. Thank you for a great season of "Survivor."  I will see you back in the states. [cheering and applause]  jeff: That's for you guys. [cheering and applause]  jeff: That's for you guys. Have a seat. Have a seat. Wow. Okay. Jury,  history. The first time, a tie vote, it speaks to truly a great season. I was  a witness to it. They were a witness to it. And ultimately a very competitive  battle that ended up coming down to dom and Wendell tied, five votes each. Laurel,  who was with you every step of the way, left to cast the deciding vote, a $1  million vote. For the first time ever, there is only one vote in here. Ly --  I will read it. The winner of "Survivor: Ghost Island," Wendell.  [cheering and applause] that's how it goes. [cheering and applause] that's  how it goes. Wendell holland is the winner of our 36th season, most dramatic  finish in "Survivor" history. Wendell, come over here. Family, come  up. Let's get Wendell's family up here. His dad, come on up, guys. A lot of  stories going on, because while Laurel makes that deciding vote, Wendell,  here you dwork here's your $1 million check. Wendell web's very happy, but  over here somewhere is Domenick. You know he's second-guessing that decision  about fire. We'll talk to him. And what was Laurel thinking. What was the  deciding factor. Plus James and eric are here. And we're going to tell you  what we're doing next season. And we have another special surprise. Kevin  hart, thekevin hart will be here with an exclusive peek at his new show right  here on cbs. I think you guys are going to enjoy it. We have a lot more show left. We'll  be right back.