<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor," there was a surprise twist. We are  having two separate tribal councils.  Whoa.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: And past mistakes came back to haunt again when Donathan played his  idol.  I'm playing this for myself tonight.  Jeff: But he didn't need. To Jenna, the tribe has spoken. And Kellyn played  her extra vote to take out Laurel, but it was mike whole was sent to the  jury. Michael, the tribe has spoken. Eight are left. Who will be voted out  tonight.  What happened?  What happened?  Well, the vote was confusing. Six votes were played with a five.  Hearn tribal. -who had an extra vote.  Not me. Not me. Not me.  Must be Kellyn.  Yeah. That would be me.  Did you put them both on me? Because I don't know what happened?  Well, I have to come clean, so I had an extra vote, and tonight I felt like  there was going to be one vote for me, one volt for Laurel, the three boys  were going to be safe, so I played both of my votes on Laurel, and I understand  if she is very, very hurt by that.  I was so close to going home tonight, and the fact that Kellyn threw not one  but two votes at me shows me that everyone is out for themselves right now.  I think i've got to do the same. Luckily Wendell and dom stuck by me tonight.  Captioning funded by cbs and ford. We go further, so you can.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to today's reward  challenge?  Yes, sir.  Yeah.  Jeff: For today's challenge, you're going to race to retrieve a sandbag, then  move threw a series of obstacles to the finish where you will attempt to land  that sandbag on a very small table. First to finish wins reward. Want to know  what you're playing for?  Yes, we do.  Yes.  Jeff: The winner will be taken to a beautiful spot where you will enjoy ribs,  chicken, burgers.  Burgers?  Jeff: Pastries and ice cream for dessert. Worth playing for?  Yes.  Jeff: You know, the only thing that would make it a little sweeter is if you  weren't just sharing it with the people you're playing against, but if you  could share this moment with the people you are playing for. Talking love. Wendell,  what is the feeling? Why does love become so important in this moment, in  this game?  These are the people we've been thinking about and playing for, and I know...  I know my pop is somewhere close, man.  Jeff: Shall we just start with you, Wendell? All right. Let's bring out Wendell's  dad. Wendell, come on out.  You can do it. You know you can.  Thank you, dad.  Jeff: Wendell, you're this big strong guy out here playing this difficult  game, but when you see your dad, you become the son.  This guy is everything to me, man. He's me, man. This is the original Wendell,  man. This is senior. Like if you look at him, you see me. Look, guys. This is  Wendell senior. This is the guy i've been talking about. I told you guys,  man. This guy works so hard. Everything I build and all that stuff around  camp, it's because he taught me how to build growing up. And this is my  everything right here.  Jeff: Wendell, sr., what is that sense of pride? He's basically calling you  his hero in life.  He's our hero. He has done much more in every way than we could have ever  imagined. Very proud of him.  Jeff: All right. Wendell, give him last hug.  Love you.  I love you.  That's the guy. That's my guy.  Jeff: Kellyn, you ready for some love? Here's your older brother clay. Come on  out, clay.  You can do it. You can do it.  We're on "Survivor." a huge part of building our relationship as  adults, we are opposites in so many ways, except a couple things that we get  along work and "Survivor" is one of them. And watching the show  every week, this has been the glue in building our relationship back up for  the last few years. We're so thankful for the whole "Survivor"  family and what it has done for our family.  Jeff: All right. Give him last hug.  It's so good to see you.  Jeff: Donathan, let's get your aunt patty out here. Come on, patty.  Patty! Oh, she looks so beautiful.  Jeff: Donathan, this is the most vulnerable i've seen you, and i've seen you  vulnerable out here. What it is about this? What is happening right now for  you?  This transcends everything for me. Right now, I mean, i've always loved to be  on the show, but to have this family connection right here is something i'll  never forget, and do you know how my mom is?  Your mom and grandma are fantastic. They're fantastic. Everything is good. I promise.   Jeff: Donathan, are you worried about your family back home?  Definitely. I know they always depended on me, aubry I took a risk coming out  here and leaving them by themselves, so to hear that, this is a big lift off  my shoulders.  They're fantastic, and she sends so much love and she told me to give you  this.  Oh, thank you.  Jeff: All right, give him a last love.  Oh, I love you, patty.  You got this.  Jeff: Angela, you ready for some love?  I am.  Jeff: Let's bring your daughter paige out. Come on, paige. Come on, paige. Paige,  tell me about your relationship?  Our normal was being away from each other. She served 21 years in the  military. So we're such used to being away from each other and dealing with  it and being able to put up with it and put our emotions aside and do what we  can do for better outcomes and for our future to be the best and brightest it  can be.  Jeff: Angela, your daughter said something really interesting. You served our  military. And as a result, you have sacrificed your own family. When you hear  your daughter say that, what's the feeling? Does that hurt, or is that part  of the bond?  A little bit of both, because while I’m very proud, I’m also hurting because  I’m leaving my family behind. You sometimes feel that you have let them down.  But then when you see this amazing young adult that everything has grown to  be, my family is really the hero in all of this for me, for my story. Thanks,  sis.  Jeff: Give her last hug.  I love you.  I love you, babe.  Jeff: Chelsea, you ready for some love? Here's your sister sidney. Come on  out.  I told your i'd get your ass out here. I missed you so much.  Jeff: Sidney, you haven't been out here, but you're seeing your older sister,  who is clearly vulnerable right now.  I'm so proud of her. She's been so ambitious her whole life. I try to be a  rock for her and stand strong for her when she's in tough situations and give  her love. She's loved by everyone. And everyone is doing good.  Jeff: Wow. That may be the most supportive little sister i've ever seen on  "Survivor," right?  I know, right.  Jeff: All right. Give her last hug.  Love you.  I love you, too.  Jeff: Laurel, you ready for some love.  Yeah.  Jeff: Let's get your brother frank out here, big brother. [applause] Laurel,  is this the big brother reception you'd expect?  He's my rock. He's always strong and he's always tough. It's been so hard not  having him here, because you find people out here you think you can trust,  but there's no one here that you can trust 100%. And having someone out here  that you know will look you in the face and you know they're telling the  truth, there'sing in like it.  Jeff: All right. Give him a last hug.  All right. Get it done. You got it. You got it. Here you go.  Jeff: Sebastian, you got a little sister, too. Let's get grace out here.  I missed you so much.  You're so pretty.  Jeff: Sebastian?  Yeah.  Jeff: Brothers, sisters, typically it's cats and dogs, and yet when you get  out here, all this goes away. What is the feeling of hugging your little sis.   Jeff: She's not my little sis. She's my twin. She's not really my twin, but  look at her. We're the same person. She's my best friend. She's the only one  I love talking to every second of the day, and if there's one person in this  entire planet I can bring with me for the rest of my life, it would be grace.  She's my sweetheart.  Jeff: Give him last hug. One person left, Domenick. Your wife, the only  person who is not blood. You chose this woman to build family with. Kristin,  come on out.  Aw.  I love you. You know that.  Jeff: Can I see your face, please?  Jeff: Domenick, tell me about this relationship?  This woman has given up what she gave up so I can come out here and do this  crazy-ass adventure, something i've been fan of for so long. I mean, who can  ask for anything more in a woman? I mean, she's my life. She's my rock.  I've been in such agony. It's so agonizing I don't recognize myself.  Jeff: What's the agony?  Like living without my husband and talking to him every day. I've never gone  a day without talking to him in over 20 years.  Jeff: Welk we're glad you came out here.  Yeah.  Jeff: thank you.  Jeff: Give him a last hug. [applause] all right. Well, now we know the  stakes. We'll draw for spots. We'll get started. All right. Here we go. For reward  in the form of love, Survivors ready? Go! Wendell out quickly. Sebastian right  on his tale. Wendell's good. Sebastian's good. Laurel's good. Chelsea is  good. Kellyn is good.  Come on, Donathan, you got this.  Jeff: It's Donathan and Angela still back at the beginning. Domenick, you're  good. Everybody else working on their sandbags. You got to get all the knots  undone. Donathan, oh, a big fall. You're good. Laurel has her bag. She's across.  Chelsea has hers. She's across.  Come on!  Jeff: Laurel and Chelsea now digging. Sebastian is good.  Come on, Sebastian.  Jeff: Angela now going to shimmy up. Keep digging, Angela.  Let's go, mom!  Jeff: Let's go, Kellyn, you can do it. Kellyn has her sandbag. Wendell has  his.  Go, mom, go! Move, mom, move!  Jeff: Angela is through. It's Angela, Donathan and Domenick working on their  sandbags. Everybody else is digging. Keep going, keep going, keep digging. Anybody  can win this challenge. You still got to land a sandbag on a very small  table. Domenick's got his sandbag. He's across.  Come on, dom. You got this.  Jeff: There goes Donathan. He's across. It is Angela working on her sandbag. The  last one. Laurel's going the try to get through a very small hole.  A little more.  Jeff: Not quite skinny enough. You got to dig out from this log. Sebastian's  going to make a go of it. Sebastian is through. Sebastian can start launching  his sandbag. He's got a big lead now. He can take his time with that sandbag.  Angela's now digging. Chelsea trying to get through. Everybody fighting for  love right now. Sebastian could win it right here. Short again. You are still  in this challenge. Here goes Donathan trying to squeeze through. Domenick trying  to get in. There goes Wendell. The door is still open.  You got it, come on.  Jeff: Sebastian with a toss for the win. No! Just dropped. Domenick is  through. He can get his sandbag. It's now Sebastian and Domenick.  Oh, my gosh.  Jeff: Domenick has a shot now. Domenick on and off. Sebastian on and off  again. Here goes Domenick. Oh, just falls. Sebastian does it! Sebastian wins  love.  Yes!  Good job.  Good job, c-bass.  Jeff: Everybody fighting for that. So Sebastian, we know how big this is. We just  went through it. And you know how this works. Choose one person and their  loved one to join you this afternoon.  I got to go with my biggest family man. Come on, big "d" om.  Jeff: Domenick, come on over, kristin. All right. Sebastian, pick one more  player and their loved one to join you.  I promised my man Wendell. I got to see Wendell.  Jeff: Wendell, come on over. Wendell, sr., come join us. All right. Sebastian,  you're going to choose one final person and their loved one to join you. Donathan,  come on over, buddy. I’m so sorry, girls. You deserve it, buddy.  Thank you.  Jeff: All right. Kellyn, Laurel, Chelsea, Angela, that's the end love for you  guys. Loved one, time for you to head out.  Jeff: All right. One more decision to make. Sebastian, you are going to  decide who goes to Ghost Island, and today there's a twist. Because waiting  at Ghost Island is an advantage in the game. You don't have to do anything  other than show up to go Ghost Island, and that advantage is yours. You can  send yourself. You are in charge. In doing, so you would send your sister  home and you would head to Ghost Island. If you want to offer it to one of  the other three, you can offer it. If they want to go, they can say good-bye  the their loved one. But if you don't make a decision out of the four players  here, the power goes to these four and they will decide.  I'm definitely not going to go to Ghost Island, but I will leave it on the  table, if you would like to go, you can tell me if you want.  I'll go.  Jeff: Wendell steps up.  Jeff: All right. So Wendell, you give up what might be a once in  once-in-a-lif afternoon in exchange for an advantage in the game.  Yeah.  Jeff: All right. Say good-bye to your dad.  Jeff: Wendell, sr.,, time for you to go. All right, Wendell, grab your bag,  head down to the beach. The boat will pick you up to take you to Ghost Island.   Take care, Wendell.  Jeff: All right, Sebastian, Domenick, Donathan, you and your loved ones will  have a great afternoon. Head out. Enjoy it. Kellyn, Laurel, Chelsea, Angela,  got nothing for you. Grab your stuff, head back to camp.  Those boys are so full of themselves that they didn't even worry about the  fact that they were leaving the four of us at camp by ourselves. We've got  work to do, girls.  Jeff said, look, if you go to Ghost Island, you're guaranteed an advantage. As  great as it feels to have my father next to me, my best man in the world, my  mentor, my everything. We were on the same page, he's like, son, you better  win this money. You have to go for it all out here. And if senior was in my  shoe, he would have taken that shot, too. Congratulations. You have earned  the same second chance advantage in the same challenge that malcolm received  in "Survivor" 25th season, ""Survivor:" philippines.  ."  should you drop the ball at any point, you are not out of the challenge but  will replace the balance and start again.  Jeff: Malcolm drops his ball. He is not out of the challenge, he has a second  shot.  But malcolm dropped the ball twice. Just like that, malcolm is out of this  challenge. He didn't win the challenge and was voted out that night.  Jeff: Malcolm, the tribe has spoken.  He has never gotten to the final four again. This tainted advantage has been  living on Ghost Island for six years. The only question can, you reverse the  curse. The next immunity challenge, I get a second attempt if the ball falls  off. Just like malcolm. An advantage like this in this game at this point,  this is as good as it gets. The end is in sight. We all know it. That means  grab, scratch, claw at every single advantage you can ever find. I got to sit  in the final lee. This puts me one step further.  Dom, you ready to eat?  Oh, my goodness, I am so blessed having my wife out here, but as much time as  I want to spend with her, this is an opportunity we need to talk to people.  I think we got something going here, and with our friend Wendell doing some  work other on ghost, we just work well together. I just want to say right  now, aunt patty, I’m committed to the end with these guys for real.  I'm a country girl.  I know.  Domenick and Sebastian was making their plans now that us guys were together.  But they're the biggest threats out here. I don't know if little old Donathan  can go against these big guys and win. At last tribal council, I do feel like  I wasted my idol, so from here on I need to be more aggressive. I need to  pick out one of these targets.  We can have a girl's lunch down here.  Yeah.  We can do whatever the [bleeped] we please without them here telling us what  to do all the time. The three boys stepped right up and go off on reward and  go off to Ghost Island to get advantages and leave us back here. I don't know  to, clean the dishes.  Wendell, Wendell, Wendell. And guess what he's doing right now? Laughing at  your faces because he's getting another advantage. He doesn't even care that  he wrecked someone else's family visit, which pisses me off.  They just get everything good.  They win immunity. They may or may not have idols. They get to go on the  loved ones visit. Wendell gets to go to Ghost Island with no chance of something  bad happening to him. We can be pissed off at them and sad we're not with  lowferred ones or we can take this opportunity to take control of the game.  But here's the problem with their plan today, they left us all here.  How many?  Four of us to talk, and we have the numbers. We can pull in Donathan.  Yeah. &gt;&gt; i'm okay with that.  I would say break up dom and Wendell.  Right. I feel like it's do or die for us because this is our only chance to  take the numbers over those strong boys.  It's good.  Dom and Wendell have been running the show. So four of us girls could come  together, pull in Donathan and break up that little power couple. We're about  to turn your frown upside down. You better watch, boy, because it's coming  for you.  The only way to pull this off is if they don't get any wind.  They can't even suspect it.  Yeah.  So I think Wendell has potentially more stuff up his sleeve.  We have to blind side dom, right?  I think that's our move.  Kellyn is asking me to trust her after she burned me at the last tribal, but  I think the silver lining is that we can be mutually beneficial to each  other. The four of us can now start playing to win.  I agree. I agree.  The problem is I know that Domenick has an idol, and I know that Wendell has  an idol, so it's scary. But it's tempting to find another option. I can jump  over and roll with the ladies and take a shot at one of these guys and hope  that it doesn't bounce back on me.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. We'll now bring in Wendell returning from Ghost  Island.  Hello, hello.  Jeff: You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yeah.  Jeff: First thing first, take back the necklaces. Two of them. Thanks, dom. Thanks,  Chelsea. Once again individual immunity is back up for grabs. For today's  challenge, you're going to use two handles to balance a ball on a wooden  cylinder. At regular intervals we'll add more sections to your cylinder,  making it more difficult to balance. If at any point you ball drops, you are  out of the challenge. Last person left standing wins immunity, guaranteed a  one in seven shot at gettinged to end. Losers tribal council where somebody  will be the sixth member of our jury. Wendell, you went to Ghost Island, why  don't you read the advantage.  Yes. I got an advantage. Should your ball drop at any point, you are not out  of the challenge, but you will replace the ball and start again.  Whoa.  Jeff: We'll draw for spots. We'll get started. All right. Here we go. Everybody  pick up your handles. All right. I’m going to count you inch you've got to  have it in the air. Here we go. Three, two, one... Everybody looks good in  this first section, and this challenge is on. Three sections of cylinder that  you're trying to keep balanced between two handles and a little ball in the  center that wants the move one way or the other. Domenick with a little bit  of movement. But a nice recovery. Little bit of movement. By Wendell. It can  move a lot as long as it doesn't drop. That's going to come down to your balance  and the pressure you put on those handles. Kellyn drops. No shot at immunity.  Take a spot on the bench. Kellyn is the first person out. And we are down to  seven. We'll go ten minutes in this section, and then we will move on and  things will get a lot more interesting. All right. Time to move on to the  next round. You can set it down. Relax. We'll add another section to your  cylinder. I’m going to count you in again. You've got to be up by the time I get  to zero. Here we go. Three, two, one, get it up, Angela. Angela never got off  in time. Lang is out of this challenge. Wendell drops. Wendell gets a second  chance. Everybody else set down. Everybody is safe. We're going to restart  this round. Wendell now going to use his advantage for his second shot. Here  we go. I'll count you in. Three, two, one, got to lift. Everybody is good and  we are back on. We're down to six. Wendell has now used his advantage. The question  is will it help? Already a little move. From Wendell, but he recovers. You got  the make sure you keep equal amounts of pressure so you don't squeeze that  cylinder and have a collapse on you. Wendell drops. Wendell is out of the  challenge. The curse remains in effect. His advantage did not help. Wendell is  now vulnerable at tribal council. He takes a spot on the bench. All right. Everybody  is safe. Relax. We're going the move on to the final round.  Good job, you guys.  Jeff: Reset your pieces. All right. Pick you handles back up. Get your mind  ready. Here we go. Three, two, one, and this challenge is back on in the  final round. We will not stop until we have a winner. Movement by Laurel. Nice  recovery. You start the shake, you need to get control quickly. Domenick with  a big move, but he recovers. You bobble a little, you squeeze too hard, you  twitch just a bit, you're out. And just like that Sebastian drops, and we are  down to four. Nowhere to hide in this challenge. You don't really get much  wiggle room. Laurel drops. Laurel is out of the challenge. We're down to  three. It is picking up now. Domenick right next to Chelsea and down on the  end Donathan. Steady hand, steady focus. Being in control at all times. Chelsea  rock steady. Domenick continues to analyze his hands, position. Donathan starting  to shake a little bit. Chelsea out of nowhere drops. She will not continue  her streak of immunity wins, and we are down to a showdown. It is now Domenick  versus Donathan. Domenick starting to shake a little bit. Domenick shaking  more now. Donathan continues to shake, but he continues to stay in this challenge.  Keep fighting. Donathan can't do it any longer. Domenick wins his second  individual immunity, safe tonight at tribal council. Guaranteed a spotted in  the final seven.  Thank you.  Jeff: That was a battle. Domenick, come on over. Once again immunity is  yours. Safe again tonight at tribal council. Cannot be voted out of this  game. Sadly, for the rest of you, after 32 very difficult days, somebody will  become the sixth member of our jury. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. Congrats.   The whole happy Naviti family has come to an end. The Naviti girls are going  after the Naviti boy, and Laurel and Donathan are the hottest commodity at Lavita.  Now everyone needs their vote. It's game on and Laurel and Donathan are up to  bat.  I was shaking.  Good job.  Good job, sir. I didn't win immunity, and seeing how I didn't capitalize on  that advantage, I blew an opportunity to kick it with my dad for nothing, but  I feel pretty secure with my alliance, so hopefully we can get out who we  want to get out tonight.  When we were at reward yesterday, it was me Donathan and Sebastian. I was  like, guys, we should be working together, and our friend Wendell is at ghost  right now doing work for us.  Yeah.  So the four of us plus Laurel can do some business. What do you want to do?  Let's get rid of Chelsea.  So it's going to be five.  Five on Chelsea.  We're acting as if we're Naviti strong, but we're going to get Chelsea out. It's  foreign get these challenge beasts out of the way so we don't have to worry  acted them later on down the line.  Let's keep moving.  So what's the plan? They're a power team. We need to break them up.  Are we going after Wendell?  I would rather have Wendell first.  Seeing dom win immunity today made me feel an additional level of there's too  much power going to the three boys and if I can pull this off with the girls  and get Wendell out, it will be my sweetest "Survivor" victory so  far.  I think we all know what we have to do. We have to go about acting Naviti strong.   I'm in 100% unless you tell me something has changed.  100%.  I think we can pull in Donathan.  You think Donathan will work with us?  Yep.  This is our plan. We talked to Laurel yesterday. Me, you, Chelsea, Kellyn,  and Laurel blindside Wendell.  Tonight the boys have their guard down. This is our chance. I mean, obviously  you can do what you want tonight, but I’m just hoping that --  i'm down for Wendell.  Wendell is really great in challenges. And he's a smart guy. Like I personally  think he is the biggest threat in this game right now. So we're thinking the  only chance we have is to do it now, and it needs to be a blind side.  We cannot --  this is going to happen.  It's going to be epic.  So it's Chelsea tonight.  Then we'll really have the numbers and we'll pick them off one by one.  Accept is good, though?  He told me he is.  Donathan is good, dude. You don't have to worry about him.  He's good.  I have a lot of trust in Laurel, and I need her tonight, but she's not giving  me good eyes and good vibes they usually get from her. So the idol is in my  pocket, unwrapped and ready to go. If anyone blinks at me the wrong way, I’m going  to pull that thing out and pull the trigger.  If we go with the guys and take out Chelsea, there is a move next vote to  take a shot at a dom or Wendell.  Those are the two biggest threats to win this game.  I feel like tonight would be the night to aim for one. My biggest regret will  be not doing it when we had the chance.  That's a big decision.  So I definitely feel like me and Laurel are sitting pretty in the middle. You  got Wendell and dom and Sebastian, too, and you got the three Naviti girls  pulling me and Laurel this way and that way. So I don't know exactly how  tonight is going to play out, but I’m scared if I go one way it could bite me  in the butt. I feel like we ain't going to have no game plan. Domenick and Wendell  will keep steam rolling everybody.  Do you want to go with them?  I don't know. I feel like I want to go big or go home, girl.  Right now I don't know what to do, because on one hand, I have the guys who I  feel like I can trust, but I feel like I know I can't beat, and on the other  hand, I have the ladies who I feel like I could beat if I got to the end, but  I don't know that I can trust them to get me there. Plus I know that Domenick  and Wendell have a ton of protection in idol, so it's probably the last  chance to take a shot at one of them when they're not expecting it. Donathan and  I control not just tonight but the direction for the rest of the game. This decision  is everything to me.  jeff: Now bring in the members of our jury. Chris, Libby, Desiree, Jenna, and  Michael voted out at the last tribal council. Kellyn, after the last tribal,  you get back the camp. Is there fallout? What's the vibe?  After this big double tribal where two people went home at once, there were  hurt feelings. I had put two votes on Laurel, something that she wasn't  expecting, and so it brought a little bit of weight to camp I think.  Jeff: So Donathan, does it still feel to you that Naviti does still have the  numbers right now?  For me and Laurel, you know, we are at the bottom again, but, you know,  things are shaking up over at Naviti now, and me and her are really realizing  that.  Jeff: So it sounds like you think there might be an opening within the Naviti  six?  There is an opening tonight.  Jeff: Wow. Domenick, that statement has everybody on Naviti looking cross  eyed at each other.  Jeff: Yeah. I’m seeing it, and I’m one of them. Just seeing how everyone is  looking around, I’m definitely concerned with what's about to go down  tonight. I don't know. I’m shooken up at the moment.  Jeff: Kellyn, you seem concerned, as well. What are you feeling right now? Are  you buying what he said?  I mean, there's kind of been a truth bomb coming from that corner of every  tribal that i've been with him, so my heart is in my throat.  Jeff: Laurel, Donathan included you in this conversation of oh, there is  definitely an opening tonight.  There is an opening, and there is a crack, an we found a way into it, so  we're hopeful with ecan cash that check tonight and it's game on.  Jeff: Chelsea, you're looking around, as well.  Yeah, the last two tribal councils i've had a necklace around my neck. Right now  I’m in a more vulnerable state. So if you here someone say there may be a  crack, I think you're trying to figure out exactly what's going on and if  anything has changed.  I'll be blunt. I've had these girls come to me, and i've had these guys come  to me. There's the crack.  Jeff: Domenick, that was an emphatic statement.  Jeff: I wanted to bring up something that's been left out, and that is  yesterday on the family reward, these four ladies in front of me, you know,  they had an afternoon together, and if the three of them can talk to her and  she's with him, I mean, it's a convoluted mess what's going on right now. This  necklace makes me feel good right now.  Jeff: Wendell, is there a part of you that wonders if Donathan is just  talking to talk?  I'm not sure what he's talking about. But we've grown to understand that Donathan  does not really hold his tongue, and he's willing to drop bombs in tribal  council, so we're going to have to deal with that and do what we need to do.  Jeff: Kellyn, it would be unrealistic to not imagine that everybody here has  considered, okay, what if I did mix it up, how would that look for my game,  right?  Yeah, it's down to small enough group where you can run through thinking abouter  single person, every single challenge, so everyone's brains have to be on  high alert right now, and the family visit kind of knocked me off of the path  I think I was out here and playing Survivor and this is my home, and then to  see something that is actually home, it is like a huge shake-up. And I think  we're all running scenarios with multiple people in our mind.  Jeff: Chelsea russia we -- Chelsea, are we at a point in the game where it's  waiting to see who is going to jump first.  Yeah, it's a giant game of bumper cars and you're not sure who you can trust  to move out of your way and who is going to come right at you.  Jeff: Domenick, that's a great way to visualize it. Do you feel that sense  right now that it could be anything tonight?  That's exactly what's going on. People are not only just doing things just  for the fact of securing themselves further in the game, but they may also be  trying to consider a move that will brighten their resume, so am I going to  wait around for someone to take a shot at me, or am I going to take the shot  first, because I don't want to be sitting over there when I could have done  something about it at the right time.  Jeff: Donathan, what are the odds that there are a blindside tonight.  Well, if the cards play like I think they're going to, there could be a  blindside.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Angela, you're up. Angela, you're up.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked the leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Wendell. Chelsea.  Wendell. Two votes Wendell. Chelsea. We're tied, two votes Wendell, two votes  Chelsea. Wendell. That's three votes Wendell. Tied again. Three votes Wendell,  three votes Chelsea, two votes left. Chelsea. That's four votes Chelsea,  three votes Wendell. One vote left. 13th person voted out and the sixth  member of our jury, Chelsea. You need to bring me your torch.  Good battle, sir.  Good game.  Jeff: Chelsea, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Well, tonight's  tribal answered the question, there is a crack. The new question becomes: Now  what? Grab your -- torches, head back to camp. Good night. Captioning funded  by cbs captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jennifer: Next time on "Survivor," when you're caught red-handed...   What was that? I’m just going to have to go from broke from this point on.  Jeff: The consequences could be dire.  We could try get Domenick out.  If Donathan is going to blow something up, that might be my glimmer of hope.  I don't know what he's going to do. He's gone completely rogue.  As a "Survivor" fan, I’m so grateful. I actually have no regrets  with this tribal. I knew that I wanted to make the big move tonight, and I am  proud that I went for it. And even though it didn't pan out in my favor, I can  go out saying I went out with a bang and I went out fighting.