<br/>I want to give individual immunity to natalie.  Jeff: This is not a hidden immunity idol.  Kris:  i had the two idols. I guess I should have played them.  Jeff: For 35 season, "Survivor" has challenged players with a game  so complicated that winning requires nearly perfect execution.  This isn't about making friends. I need that advantage. It worked.  Jeff: One bad decision can haunt you forever. The tribe has spoken. These 20  americans will face the same challenge as they begin an adventure that will  forever change their lives. They will be abandoned on the islands of Fiji and  left to fend for themselves, but this season there's a twist. Ghost Island,  the gave yard for bad "Survivor" decisions. And after 35 season,  there have been a lot of them. For the first time ever we're bringing back  the actual idols and advantages that were fatally misplayed in previous  seasons.  Oh, my God. Not the idol.  Why do you say that?  Jeff: This group of new players must find a way to reverse the curse of these  haunted "Survivor" relics or they will face the same fate. In the  end only one will remain the claim the million dollar prize. 39 days, 20  people, one Survivor! 39 days, 20 people, one Survivor!  jeff: All right. Let's get to this. "Survivor" is one of the  greatest social experiments ever created. It requires dozens of critical  decisions every day. It is a game so fraught with peril that one bad decision  can haunt you forever. Welcome to our 36th season, "Survivor: Ghost  Island." [cheering and applause] this season, for the first time ever,  you will have the chance to reverse the curse of some of the worst decisions  in "Survivor" history.  What? My probably biggest fear out here is making bad decisions, because  we've seen it so many times throughout "Survivor." they can be such  a split-moment decision that can take you out of the game.  Jeff: And if you find yourself on Ghost Island, which many of you will, you  will be surrounded by reminders that everything in this game rests on your  ability to make the right decision at the right time. And that starts right  now.  Oh.  Jeff: Wearing the orange buffs, Malolo, you don't know each other, but you've  got to make your first big decision. Select one person to represent your  tribe.  Any volunteers?  Jeff: Who's it going to be?  We got our guy.  Jeff: What's your name?  Brendan.  Jeff: Brendan, come on over here next to me.  As a teacher and a coach, I’m relied on for a lot of things. I know something  big is at at stake. If I want to help us, I will do it.  Jeff: Naviti, pick one person to lead your tribe  i'll do it.  Jeff: Wow, that didn't take any time. Chris, that was instant.  I guess they saw some good qualities in me. I'll take the challenge.  Jeff: You guys will make your first big decisions. You're going to decide who  runs from your tribe in an unknown challenge. We'll start with you, Brendan. Pick  the person you think most capable of handling the physical part of the  challenge.  I'm going to two with back row, right side.  Jeff: What's your name?  Michael.  Jeff: Michael, come on up. All right. Now choose somebody to handle the  puzzle part.  I'm going to go with the woman in the become right.  Jeff: What's you name?  Laurel.  Jeff: Take a spot next to Michael. Now we go to Naviti. Chris, choose one  person to handle the physical portion.  Back left.  Jeff: Didn't hesitate. What's your name?  Sebastian.  Jeff: Sebastian, take a spot right over here. All right, Chris, choose  somebody to handle the puzzle portion.  No.  Jeff: Before you do this, woman in the back who just ducked, what's your  name?  Morgan.  Jeff: Clearly Morgan you are saying, not me.  Not me.  Jeff: I already know who I wanted, so it all works out. Who do you want?  Front left.  Jeff: What's your name?  Desiree.  Jeff: Why did you choose me. Maybe I look creative, but puzzles are not my  strong suit.  Jeff: Let's get to the challenge. Here's how it's going to work. The first  person will race through a series of obstacles to dig up keys. Once you have  all three key, the puzzle solver will use those keys to unlock and then solve  the puzzle. First person to finish wins. Now let's get to the stakes. First a  big picture perspective. This is what is going to be waiting for you back at  camp. Not much.  Wow.  Jeff: A machete, a pot, rice, and take note, much less rice than any previous  season of "Survivor." you will also start with a very extensive  fishing kit. The winning tribe will also go back to camp with something else.   Oh. Oh, I need that.  Jeff: A massive shelter-building kit. That is a big head start. The losing  tribe loses their fishing gear. And here's the twist that makes this really  fun. When the puzzle starts, I’m going to begin a sand timer. If at any point  before the sand runs out either one of the leaders thinks their puzzle maker  is not going to win, you can forfeit, and by forfeiting, you keep your  fishing gear. There is a penalty for giving up on your tribe. In addition to  the shelter-making kit, the winning tribe will start the game with 20 eggs  and a flint, which means they will be able to make fire, boil water, and cook  those eggs up. A lot at stake. I hope you chose the right leaders. Take your  spots. We'll get started. All right. Our first challenge, 36th season, big  stakes. Survivors ready? Go! Sebastian.  Go, Sebastian.  Jeff: Both guys whipping through this. Digging up that first key. Sebastian has  it. Michael has it. We're dead even out of the gate. Another high step. Both guys  have their first keys heading back. Michael leaping through that high step  this time. Sebastian right on his tail, looking for that second key.  Go, Sebastian!  Jeff: This is what you dreamed about. Michael has it. Sebastian has his. It is  already brutally hot out here.  Way to go, way to go, get it!  Jeff: Michael struggling now. Sebastian heading back. That adrenaline  starting to wear off. Both guys slowing down now. Sebastian in the lead. Michael  struggling to stay up. Sebastian digging. Looking for that third key. He's got  it.  Hustle, hustle, hustle!  Jeff: Michael is looking for his. Michael has his third key.  Keep it moving.  Go, go, go!  Jeff: That fight or flight surge is gone. This is pure willpower. Michael really  having trouble.  Great job, great job.  Jeff: Go, Desiree.  Let's go, Desiree.  Jeff: Keep hanging in there, Michael.  Almost there.  There we go. Great work, Michael.  Good job, Desiree.  Jeff: You're good. Laurel working to unlock her puzzle. Desiree working to  unlock her puzzle. She's got it. That timer starts now. Laurel still working  to get hers freed. She's got it. That sapped timer has begun. That is the  ticking clock. Both bren didn't and Chris now paying attention to both puzzle  solvers. They're going to have to decide, do they stay in it and go for broke  and risk losing their fishing gear, or at some point do they pull the plug  and salvage the fishing gear but give up the ends and flint?  I hope she knows how to do slide puzzles.  You got this.  Jeff: Both guys watching both puzzles, because you have to gauge what your  person is doing in relation to what the other person is doing. Desiree moving  a lot of pieces quickly. Laurel now starting to get some momentum. She's got  a plan.  Come on, Laurel. Come on, girl.  Jeff: If at any point Brendan or Chris give up on their tribe mate, they can  pull that lever and end this challenge, an we're getting down to it right  now. Not a lot of sand left in that bottle. That sand blowing out just like  the time left to make this decision.  Go, des.  Jeff: If you opt out, you save your fishing gear, but the other tribe gets  the shelter.  Malolo wins first challenge. Hunting decision to give up on Desiree and save  the fishing gear. That gave Malolo a gigantic advantage early in this season.   Oh, my God, that looked so hard. All right. Malolo is going back with the  shelter-building kit. 20 eggs and fire. Huge advantage. Chris, when it came  the crunch time, you had a big decision. Do you salvage the fishing gear or  go for broke.  Look, obviously no one wants to throw in the towel, but it's more important  to get what we can and it was worth it.  Jeff: Anybody feeling a little bit, if we could do it again, maybe we'd make  a different choice?  I'm a truth-teller, jeff. I don't lie.  Jeff: First big decisions out of the gate, bad news for Naviti. Good news for  Malolo. Maps to your tribe camps. Here you go. Here you go. Thank you. Malolo,  head on out. Naviti, head on out. Good luck on this adventure.  Thank you.  One bad decision can ruin your game, and right out of the gate Chris made the  wrong decision. And we just gave a huge advantage in this game to the other  tribe. So we need to put a stop to it quickly before it bites us in the butt.   One, two, three... Malolo!  This is like the best start ever.  You get everything.  Let's get names and like where we're from.  Do you go by Michael or mike?  Either one. At the challenge, it was super humbling. I’m athletic, but I’m younger.  I’m actually 18 years old. I’m not going to tell anybody my age because I think  it kills credibility right off the bat. It's not only been my dream to come  out here and play, but I totally feel like I can win.  Wow. There's a lot here. I got one and that's it.  My name is Stephanie, but you can call me Gonzalez.  Okay.  The bug, the ant, the spiders, it doesn't phase me because I grew up in  puerto rico. So I’m in a good spot.  I do not want to get in a fight with you.  Just by looking at me, you would think super girlie girl, but I think they're  now saying, wait a minute, there's a lot more to that girl, and they have  seen nothing yet. Where are you from?  Kentucky. Right at the west virginia and virginia, you know how kentucky is? That's  where I am. Right there.  Okay. Cool.  That's awesome. I love this experience because I’m starting to meet people  i've never got to meet before. I am so excited to be playing "Survivor."  it's going to blow a lot of people's minds from eastern kentucky when they  see Donathan hurly is on "Survivor."  are you married or anything?  I have a boyfriend. I’m not married. Are you dating, married?  Oh,, no I can't find a man in eastern kentucky. There's no shave not no guy  men eastern kentucky that's out like I am. It's my first time out of the  country. My main goal besides winning the game is to know people that I would  never know before, like James, he's exotic, and Laurel, she stood out to me  because where I’m from is mainly caucasian. I don't have chance to have an  african american friend.  I do like you.  Thank you. I like you. I’m so happy you're here.  I need to have people I can trust. Because looking at me, inot the most built  or maybe the most brainy. If you're too weak early in this game, that's  definitely something they're just wanting to get right out here.  Who wants to go first? What's your name?  Sebastian. I’m a fisherman.  Yay. Perfect!  I'm Wendell, a furniture designer.  Hi, Wendell.  As you know, I’m Chris. I live in the city of dreams, new york city, but I grew  up in the florida keys.  I'm Kellyn. Before "Survivor" I was living my life like I should,  doing what I thought I should do. I made the decision to say, that's not the  life I want. So I got divorced. I finished grad school. And I really have  been able to start living my life for me. And I’m a huge fan of "Survivor."  I made it. It's going to be an insane journey. I’m ready.  We're going to have to cut some of these. Sea bass, do me favor.  Do your friends call you sea bass?  I don't know.  For God sake, you're a fisherman and you name is Sebastian, sea bass is your  name. We're going to need a lot of room. There are ten of us. We need to make  the beds wide. As a construction supervisor, it's my job to make sure people  work cohesively on a daily basis to make sure the job gets done.  What's going on on your stomach?  Right here?  The shapes, all those squares you got. What are those?  Something like rocks. I don't know.  I look at food and I put weight on.  I used to be 270 pounds.  How did you do that, lifestyle change?  Yeah, I just started making better decisions, not just in food, but in life.  I’m not a criminal, but bad decisions. I liked to party, drink, gamble. Those  days are over. In my life i've definitely seen some adversity and I had some  struggles, but when my first daughter was born, that definitely was a  crossroads for me where I can sit there and say, it's time for me to step up  and become man and take control of my life.  So what was your turning point?  I wanted to be around for my kids. That's it. Leaving my wife and three kids  behind has been difficult from the second I left the house, but my wife and  kids gave me their blessing, but they gave me their blessing with the notion  I have to bring home the bacon.  They got engaged.  My parents got married in key west.  We're more alike than we think.  I already knew we were alike, dude.  Who is missing?  Chris and Sebastian.  Chris and Sebastian are missing.  Nothing to be worried about.  We mead the team up. We need to get each other to the merge. No, seriously.  When Chris started telling me all this stuff about florida, I was immediately  attracted. We both lobster in the florida keys and go to the bahamas and back  and fish. It's like best friends in a candy shop, picking out what kind of  gummies each other wants. So it's great to have a buddy that is so close to  you.  Who are you thinking about gunning for the first.  Don is crazy.  We need to live to fight another day. That dude will be the one that's going  to try and cut you and cut me. There are red flags with Domenick. When jeff  asked people, did I make the right decision, there was only one person that  came out and said, no, he didn't.  Back at it? It got me already playing the game. I got to get rid of this guy  because he's gunning for me.  Washing my face a little bit.  They got washed inch I put my shoes behind me, and the tide took the shoes  out. I’m dunn a pair of shoes. That was first time since I got here that I felt  stupid. I think when you look at our overall group, me and Donathan don't  stand out for our physiques. There is a decent possibility that the first  boot will probably be one of us because we're not Brendan, we're not Michael.  I’m a little afraid that all these pretty people are going to gang up on me  at some point in the future if we don't win immunity. You guys think there is  an idol in  oh, definitely.  It's not "Survivor" without one.  Perhaps, perhaps, perhaps. So I’m going to go swim right now.  Jacob went exploring, whatever that means.  I was thinking he would.  I didn't want to be the suspicious dude who disappeared for 30 minutes  hunting through all the fawna for an idol, but the last thing I’m going to be  in this game is comfortable. I’m surprised no one's come down yet.  He's either on the trail of the idol or he's working up to it. We all want an  idol, but we have this "kumbaya" thing we're where -- where we're  not doing it. He's the one that's gone.  Jacob is playing the game too hard out of the gate. It's a bad, risky  decision to be the one that people perceive as he's going off to hunt for an  idol. You don't want to be the one to stand out for any reason in the early  stage of the game.  So we're just going to go out and look for yams. A yam search party. I'll get  the fire going if you want to go. No problem. No worries. I got you covered. I've  been dreaming about this my entire life. You got to realize, "Survivor"  aired the first time when I was four. And I watched every season since I was  four. I’m either about to do something really stupid or really brilliant. It's  loving the show so much that makes me want to do so well. Oh, this could be  really stupid. So I literally just poured a bunch of rice into my dirty sock hoping  that it would free up whatever was inside. Why not check when no one else is  looking. There's nothing in here. I would be devastated so hopefully they  think that I’m not being too suspicious, but I think I already screwed  myself. That was stupid.  Guys, it looks like we're building a massive spider net.  That's looking good.  When did you start doing furniture design?  My pop started me out building, because he had me doing drywall in the became  and stuff like that growing up. Now I’m doing exactly what I love so much.  Wendell, how you making out, bud?  Starting the framework a little bit. So they come in, we put some goodies in  there for them to eat, then we come find six, seven, eight, nine, 47 crabs in  here.  I like the number.  And we eat them. I went to u. Penn law, top-ten law school, but I wasn't  where I wanted to be. I took off the suit, and now I’m a freelance furniture  designer. So I am more than I appear. There's this guy dom. He's a  construction worker, and I took to that. I just started feeling good vibes  from him. He just seems like a friendly guy that I would work with. If we do  lose, what are we going to do? Unless someone is just horribly horrible at  the challenge?  I don't know, I guess dom.  Well, I like him. So just keep thinking. Keep this thing moving and we'll  figure it out.  As soon as I heard Domenick's name, I was like, man, let me give him some  information, because I think I can show him my loyalty and I think it's going  to reciprocate in the long run.  I asked, accept, hey, what's going on, and he's like, isn't it dom.  There's someone that said Sebastian?  No one thinks it was Chris?  Of course it could have been.  At the end of the day, I feel like he's cursing me out in his brain. I feel  like I’m aggravating one specific person, and I believe Chris is the one  looking the target me.  I know it's Chris.  At this point he may have already put some type of coalition against me, but  I’m here to play the game, as well, and he's got a big battle ahead of him if  he thinks he's going to roll right in and just vote me out.  Jeff: All right. Let's get to your first immunity challenge. For today's  challenge you're going to race across a net bridge. You're then going to work  together to retrieve two bags of rope. You will use those ropes to pull a  sled filled with giant puzzle pieces. Witness you have all the puzzle pieces,  you will use them to solve a cube puzzle. First to finish wins immunity. This  is the immunity idol. With this in your possession, you cannot be voted out  of the game. Without it losers go the tribal council where somebody will be  the first person voted out of "Survivor: Ghost Island." in  addition, Naviti, because you do not have fire, you are also playing for fire  in the form of flint. One more thing, Ghost Island is in play, and somebody  from the losing tribe will be the first to visit. Big stakes. I'll give you a  minute to strategize. This is going to be good. All right. Here we go. For immunity,  Survivors ready? Go! First immunity challenge. Everybody hits it hard. Chris goes  down hard. Wendell goes down. All that adrenaline. Years in the making. It's now  coursing through your body. You have to go fast. Naviti has one bag. Chelsea working  on the second bag. Donathan has first bag. Libby working on the second bag. She's  got it. Go, Malolo. Get your first three pieces of puzzle in that sled.  We're good, guys.  Jeff: Naviti doing a nice job. They have their puzzle pieces. Malolo still  working on their puzzle pieces. Naviti now with a lead. Despite having no  food. &gt;&gt;no shelter and no fire. Malolo has their three.  One, two, three!  Jeff: Get everybody back here. You're good. Go, Malolo. Naviti now pulling  that sled, which is very heavy. It takes all ten people to move that. Naviti  working together really well. Malolo loses their pieces. Got to get them back  in. Malolo with a disaster opens the door for Naviti. You're good. Unload. Malolo  back at it, but they're still in it. You have to get all three pieces over  the hitching ramp.  One, two, three!  Jeff: You're good. Naviti has their third piece. Head back.  Pull it back.  Jeff: Now you've got to pull that sled become and load up three more. Got your  three pieces. Go. Malolo now heading back.  Run, run. Let's run it, run it. Let's go!  Jeff: This challenge is going to exhaust you. Malolo trying the stay in this.  Naviti now loading their final three puzzle pieces. You're good, Malolo. Naviti  has their final three pieces. You can head back. Let's go.  Oh, my God.  We got this.  Jeff: You can see the fatigue setting in. These sleds are heavy. It takes  teamwork and strength beyond just pure adrenaline. Malolo is working hard to  get back in this. If they can get that sled moving. Naviti doing a nice job. Now  here comes Malolo. Naviti getting closer. One more big pull will do it. Those  last three pieces, there it is. Go, you're good. Naviti has all their puzzle  pieces. Now get it over the hitching rail and start working on the puzzle. You're  good. Four people working on the puzzle. Let's go.  This way, this way. This is the top.  Jeff: Almost there for Malolo. One more pull will do it.  One, two, three!  Jeff: There you go. You're good. It is Bradley, Wendell, Domenick and Kellyn  solving the puzzle for maf and a half. You're good, Malolo, started working  on the puzzle. It is going to be Jacob, Michael, Laurel, and James solving  the puzzle for Malolo.  This is it. That is it.  Jeff: Kellyn barking out instructions to her group. Malolo suddenly's got  some momentum now.  Here, here, here, here. This is it. This is the bottom.  Jeff: Naviti now thinks they have something.  Put it in there.  Jeff: And Naviti with another piece. Here comes Malolo now.  This is yellow and red.  I don't know.  Every type of different color.  Guys, we need to do one person talks.  Good, good, good.  Jeff: Naviti thinks they have another piece. Could be a big move for Naviti  if they're right. Malolo now feeling the panic.  This way. One more. This way. In, in!  Jeff: Naviti looks so close. Are they right?  We got it, jeff.  Jeff: Naviti wins immunity, sending Malolo to tribal council.  Sorry.  Jeff: All right. Naviti, despite the lack of advantage out of the gate,  didn't seem to matter. Immunity is yours. Nobody going home. Plus fire in the  form of flint.  We got fire!  Jeff: Jacob, with the big advantage, losing to Naviti, what does that feel  like?  We still know we're one of the best tribes of all time. One loss does not  mean a history of losses. We're going to come back from this.  Jeff: I think most people would probably say it's a bit of a statement to say  that on day three, we know we're one of the greatest tribes of all time.  I think there's never been a tribe quite as cohesive as us. There has never  been a describe --.  Jeff: You're sticking with it.  I am. Got to have it, otherwise you shrivel up and die, man.  Jeff: So, Naviti, let's make things a little more interesting. You're going  the choose one person from Malolo to send to Ghost Island, which means they  will not go to tribal council. They cannot be voted vut of the game.  Wow.  Jeff: This is a big opportunity and a big decision. How can you use it to  your advantage?  Jacob was talking all that trash. Let's send him.  Okay.  Jeff: Who is it going to be?  We're going to send Jacob to Ghost Island.  Jeff: Jacob.  It's good when you talk big sometime, they fall into your trap.  Jeff: So this was all part of a design.  I want to see what Ghost Island is. I want to go find out. Nice to be immune  for a minute.  Jeff: So you fronted big so they would choose you to keep you safe.  Basically, yeah. I’m neurotic. This is how my brain works.  Jeff: All right, Jacob, grab your stuff, head down to the water. The boat is  waiting. Enjoy Ghost Island.  Bye, Jacob.  Good luck, y'all.  Bye.  Jeff: The biggest decision of the game thus far. Naviti, let's see if you  chose wisely. Naviti, you are safe. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. Good luck  with that fire. All right. Malolo, grab your stuff, head back to camp. See you  tonight at tribal where somebody will be the first person voted out of "Survivor:  Ghost Island."  Jacob being on Ghost Island definitely screws us a little bit because that's  who we probably would have voted out tonight. Now we have to vote out someone  we weren't planning on. Strategy-wise, who is it going to be now.  For the past three days my entire tribe has been sitting around trying to  figure out what the heck Ghost Island is. It's a weird feeling I am walking  truly into the unknown. I think there's got to be something here that's going  to help me. I tried to get here in the first place, but I won't know until I find  whatever that thing is. Is that a china immunity idol? What is that from? I see  all of these original "Survivor" relics. Huh, wait a second. I started  thinking about all the players going to the jury or getting voted out early,  you think about all of those moments where you see great people fall. A few  steps to the shelter there is a row of urns. Smash the urn. Oh. Oh. Oh! Game on.  Follow the fire. So I follow the row of torches up this little slope to a  small clearing with some instructions for a game. Ghost Island game of  chance. I'll wager a secret advantage if you'll wager your next vote. If you  win, you'll have power in the game. If you lose, you will not vote next  tribal. So I’m looking at the game, and there's two bamboo chutes. In the  middle there is a third one with a lock on it. I’m guessing there is probably  a key in one of the other two bamboo chutes. If I pick right, i'll get the  advantage. If I pick wrong, I get nothing and lose my vote. Oh, boy, I’m pretty  sure that my tribe is looking at me as an easy first boot. This is an  opportunity to avoid that, but if this is the wrong decision, then losing my  vote could just be the nail in the coffin. That's risky, but it feels like  the kind of risk you should take. I’m going to go with the one on the left. Okay.  Oh, man. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. I open it up, and I’m freaking  out, because I see "secret advantage." this is the authentic legacy  advantage. This is the legacy advantage from "game changers." it  has their names on it. I’m touching a piece of "Survivor" history. Sierra  found this advantage on game one and kept it secret.  You are guaranteed immunity, but you may only use it when there are 13 people  left in the game or 6 left in the game. On day 30 she told sarah.  I found something on first day. It was a legacy advantage.  It was a costly mistake.  Jeff: 12th person voted out, sierra.  This legacy advantage has lost its power, but you can restore its power by  willing it to someone else on the other tribe. Choose wisely, and this could  be the beginning of a new alliance. Choose poorly and you could end up like  sierra. So now I have to figure out who to give this to on the other side, so  what I’m going to do is gift it to Morgan on the other tribe. She's got  spunk. She's got energy. I think she's going to make the merge, and I think  if I’m there at the merge with her, that will be great for us, because we'll  have that connection. I have to believe that I can use this thing correctly,  and reverse the curse.  I think we visually need to set the puzzle up to where we can see a lot of  pieces. A lot of pieces are flipped upside down. Maybe flipping them all to  see all those colors.  At the immunity challenge, I wanted people to get the colors together, and Gonzalez,  when she comes back the camp, that was her big idea. Me, I’m probably the  weakest person on the tribe. I don't want that target on me, so I’m going to  tell my tribe mates that Gonzalez should be the target. Gonzalez mentioned  about the puzzle, that's what I was trying to get out, what should go  together, and she just kind of told me to shut up, that there was too many  people talking. People are very underestimating me when it comes to what I think  in my mind, and I’m used to that, but I have my own thoughts, and my own  plans, and hopefully it works in my favor tonight.  Who do we feel like is one of the weaker players?  I think it's going to come down to size. I mean, Donathan did not pull back  there.  We need to have a strong tribe? Who is weak? Who didn't perform to their  best? Donathan.  Donathan. Just visually. It kind of crushes you in a sense because he does  have a great heart, but as much as I don't want the get rid of the guy, if  somebody has to go, then he's going to be one of the options to go.  Between Donathan and Gonzalez?  What are the pros and cons of each of them? Being a super fan of the show, I know  the first vote sets the tone for the entire game.  Donathan will be somebody that we can use as a vote. I think she will --  she will do anything.  But then Donathan is weaker.  It's either going to be Donathan or Gonzalez. I think that Donathan is  probably our weakest length, but I feel like there is a level of control that  I have. He's going to vote with us. He's somebody that I can nurture. One of  those two, that's great. To me getting rid of gone is about getting rid of a  strategic threat, because he's got her own agenda, and she's way too strong. Donathan  or Gonzalez?  I mean, I think she's going to be a huge threat.  I do, too.  But then again she's a really strong player, and I feel like --  she is, but is she?  Yeah.  Like I feel like Donathan works harder than her.  He definitely works harder.  He works harder than her and he might be good if we need a little person to  shove into something. You know what I mean?  But the thing is, I’m thinking Donathan just to keep things strong. For me  personally tonight, I’m basing my vote off of strength. You know, that's to  me the most intelligent thing to do at a first vote, because we all want to  win. We want to get the next challenges under our belt and make it that much  further and not have to worry about all of this so early. And I think that Gonzalez  is somebody we can easily do way down the line, but first vote is huge  because it could affect our entire game. With this being Ghost Island, I feel  like it's a double whammy. If you make a bad decision, I think that will  haunt me for life.  Jeff: Behind each of you is a torch. Grab a torch, approach a flame, dip it  in and get fire. This is part of the ritual of tribal counsel, because in  this game, fire represents your life. When your fire is gone, so are you. Stephanie,  I got to ask, you're smiling.  I can't help it. Like, you know, you just want the take everything in, but at  the same time, the game getting started right now.  Jeff: Well, let's get into it. Gonzalez, what's the take on Ghost Island? Is it  exciting that there's a part of the game that you don't yet understand?  It is exciting. You just don't know. Maybe Jacob will come back and tell us  how miserable he was, but something tells us he's looking for idols, just  because Jacob is kind of special.  Jeff: Do you know what Gonzalez is talking about when she says Jacob is a  little special?  He doesn't seem to care that he will leave for three hours and automatically  have a target on his bake. It seems like he's making a few mistakes, and that  might be what she's referring to.  Jeff: Laurel, what happened when you got back the camp. It sounds like Jacob  was an easy vote and now you don't have an easy vote.  I think we want to keep the tribe strong. That's a question of what that  means. Do you want to keep the tribe physically strong?  Jeff: Where did you fall?  I want to keep the tribe physically strong. I think we struggled in the  obstacle.  Jeff: Donathan, as one of the smaller guy, do you think, please don't make it  me.  I'm definitely not the most physical. You see all these buff guys pulling the  weight. I’m definitely nervous tonight.  Jeff: Stephanie, does that make sense to you that Donathan might feel heat?  If it's based purely on physical strength. There's strategic strength. There's  social strength. So what is the criteria for tonight.  Jeff: That was an interesting answer. Donathan, do you think the social  relationships that are already formed or still may be forming will impact  tonight's vote?  Yeah, this whole experience so fast has been about building relationships for  me at least. I’m from eastern kentucky. I don't get to see very many diverse  and different backgrounds. You know, there's just a bunch of experiences  they've had and I haven't had to have any really big experiences in my life,  so it could definitely put me at a disadvantage.  Jeff: Gonzalez, you were very involved in the puzzle-making part of the  challenge.  I wanted to be in there so bad. I can look at things and put them together in  my brain and just do it. I mean, it's like second nature to me, so I’m pretty  strong at puzzles.  Jeff: And yet, Brendan, she wasn't chosen for the puzzle.  Well, I mean, part of it is we're three day in. We don't know each other's  strengths and weaknesses. If we knew about Gonzalez what she just said,'d be  all for her getting in there.  Jeff: Jenna, out of the gate, did you find groups of people maybe starting to  form what might be an alliance?  It's so early. Today was the first day anyone did start sphrat jiezing. It was  bigger groups. You just wanted to be part of the main conversation.  Jeff: At some point you have to trust somebody, otherwise you have nothing.  Totally. I agree. But alliances haven't been formed and loyalty hasn't been  proven because this is our first vote. I think it really boils down to the  conversations who was there at that time. And if you weren't there, then you  know you could just as easily be with -- the one out tonight.  Jennifer: Gonzalez, you've shifted your whole reaction to look at Michael.  It's scary you can miss our on one conversation and the target is on your  back.  Jeff: Have I missed anything? Anybody have anything they want to talk about?  Yeah. Just making sure we're still solid.  Jeff: Do your thing. It's your tribal. Wow. Stephanie, first tribal.  Throwing it down. This going to be a crazy season.  Jeff: Is this making you nervous right now?  No.  Laurel is certainly curious.  I want to know what they're saying.  Amaka: Jenna, are you worried it doesn't include you?  Yeah, it destroys the united front we thought we had.  Sorry to interrupt.  Jeff: Donathan, nobody talking to you.  No.  Jeff: You are leaning away from talking.  When you get nervous, you got to move a little bit.  Okay.  Jeff: Brendan, game is on.  That's what we came here for. We're ready.  Jeff: All right. Let's see how it plays out. It is time to vote. James,  you're up. James, you're up.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want the play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Donathan. Gonzalez.  Gonzalez. That's two votes Gonzalez. Gonzalez. That's three votes Gonzalez. One  vote Donathan. Four votes Gonzalez. First person voted out of "Survivor:  Ghost Island," Gonzalez. That's five. That's enough. You need to bring  me your torch. Gonzalez, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  Sad.  Jeff: Well, you've already been forced to make a lot of big decision,  including voting out your first tribe member. Still a lot of decisions left  to come. Grab your torch, head back to camp, good night. Grab your torch,  head back to camp, good night.  Fortunately we didn't have to go the tribal tonight. I told myself when I came  into this game, I’m going to have a handle on my pair nowback but I’m just  starting to get a bad feeling around here about not fitting in. I’m not  really sure what's going on, but I need the make a move now. Coming out the  look for idols during the day has not been working out, so I don't care what  time of day it is, i'll look. It's too dark. I can't see anything. So as long  as I’m in this game, i'll be looking. I’m here the play. We'll sleep when  we're dead. Oh, my God. I can't believe I found the immunity idol in the  dark. Oh, my God. I know for me personally with an idol I can take way bigger  risks. I want the take risks. I want to play this game really hard. I just  can't read it right now. I have to wait until it gets brighter. Oh, it's like  Christmas. I finally get the read this thing. I've been waiting. "this  is the authentic hidden immunity idol that andrea was voted out with in  "Survivor's" 26th season."  you got it.  No way!  On day 33 andrea had a hidden immunity idol and what she thought was a  trustworthy alliance, but she was wrong.  Oh, you guys.  Andrea became the first female to be voted out with an idol in her pockets. This  tainted hour has been haunted for five years but still retains its original  power. Can you reverse the curse? I’m starting to get a handle on the essence  of Ghost Island. It's all about past players' mistakes. Andrea kept this in  her pocket, and it was a huge blunder on her part. I have no intention of the  curse getting me. Ly reverse it for sure.  I think we have to be careful is my guess is there's idols to be had at Ghost  Island.  Your guess, but we don't know.  We have to be careful who we send.  This Ghost Island throws a wrench in things, because who you send is going to  impact the game. We thought send their weak player to Ghost Island where you  know they're safe and leave the stronger people there to get voted off. But it  seems for me that was a really good move, because this morning I looked in my  bag and I found the most amazing, unexpected surprise. This is the authentic  legacy advantage that sierra found in "sure cliver: Game changers"  this is the legacy advantage. It has sierra's name on it. I’m touching it. It's  the same one. It looks like Jacob from the other tribe willed it to me. With this  note in your possession, you are guaranteed immunity. You may only use it  when there are 13 people left in the game or when there are only six people  left in the game. If sierra hadn't told people about it, she probably  wouldn't have gotten voted out, but the problem is I have a really big mouth.  So I need some staple guns to keep this thing closed. But thank you, Jacob.  This morning I start formulating a plan about what I’m going to tell my tribe  about what Ghost Island is. And I decide that since I already sent the legacy  advantage to Morgan, and since no one knows anything about this place, what  if I just take the truth and kind of stretch it out a little bit. So I’m not  going to tell them I got the legacy advantage. I’m going to tell them I got  an idol out of this.  These were the beads on our tree mail yesterday, so I took them and put them  in my bag. I don't think anyone noticed. I have a shell, some twine, this  might be an opportunity for me to bluff my way through the next tribal  council in case things are bad, because I’m not sure exactly where I stand  yet. Hangs a little weird. That's okay. That's fine. I’m in the lying through  my teeth. I am telling basically the whole truth. Just one little detail is  different. And that little detail could possibly save my life.  It's like an asian delicacy.  Really?  They're literally just sea slugs.  They're very chewy. You got to work for it.  Yeah.  Oh, God. Jacob's back. Hey.  There he is.  Jacob.  What's wrong?  Who's missing?  Gonzalez.  Really?  Yeah.  We all need to talk. I'll tell you everything. You'll tell me everything.  Yeah.  Coming back the my tribe, I felt like I was in a lot of trouble, fortunately  I have this fake immunity idol, and the truth is, I have some damn good  deception skills, an any opportunity to better my position in the game, I’m going  to take. It wasn't your normal exile. There was a giant sign, one bad  decision can haunt you forever. Then I walk further, and there's like 13 tiny  little clay urns, and it says, "smash the urn." so I’m showing you  this because it's going against all my instincts to show you this because it  could put a target on my back and get rid of me next time, but I pulled it  out of a bamboo chute. I put it in my sock, a little tiny immunity idol and  the shell has a little skull. You got no believe me here, I’m going to play  this at the next tribal no matter what, because I want the stay in this game  as long as I can. I don't want to be idol guy. I never wanted to be idol guy.   Did your idol have --  yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't have it unfortunately. I think I left it at Ghost  Island.  Well, thanks for sharing. I really appreciate the honesty.  I do, too.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Yeah.  I wanted to make sure my tribe isn't super suspicious of me, and I think it  worked. I believe my tribe bought it. I believe my tribe believes I have an  idol. And I believe my tribe believes I’m going to play an idol at the next  tribal council, so I should be okay.  I think it's fake idol. There's no way that that kid forgets to bring the  note.  Hopefully it's a fake idol and we can just pin our votes on Jacob.  Everybody would be on board for Jacob.  Yeah.  If you're going to make up a story, you better think it through, because Jacob's  fantastic story about winning this immunity idol seems far-fetched to me,  because there is no chance in the world that this "Survivor" nerd  forgot the note that came with the immunity idol back at Ghost Island. If there  is even a remote chance that he has a real idol and we puts one on one of us,  we're gone.  Do you want the make him comfortable whereas if he has a real idol, he  doesn't play it.  There's a lot of speculation about Jacob's idol. Is it fake, is it real? We don't  know. But when somebody knows they're on the bottom, they can create  opportunities for somebody like me. I’m as big of a super fan as he, is and I’m  willing to use him to get myself further in this game.  We do everything.  Use your hips.  You must be a good squatter.  Yeah.  Snatch.  The power snatch?  Yeah. You come up, you clean it. Good? In the beginning I felt worried about  my game, but I found an idol and I feel like I’m really developing a good  rapport with a substantial amount of people in this tribe. But I heard  through the grapevine that Chris was gunning for me, so I want to have a  conversation with him to let him know I really just want to keep things cool  and hopefully we can work together.  I really feel that we misread each other. Let's start fresh. I want to play  with you.  Frankly, from the beginning I thought you were gunning for me.  100% not. I love you. I think you're awesome. I want to just keep doing what  we're doing, so just i'll -- it will -- you'll say, all right, he means it.  Have you found the idol.  No one has even looked.  No one has looked. Not that I know of.  It's just good to know, especially if you and I are trying to develop a  trust.  Yeah.  If I knew you had it, then we could work together and figure out a plan.  The way Chris came at me out of the gate immediately made me think he was  definitely on to me, but I’m not going the play defense. I’m going to make  sure I have Chris in my control. He doesn't know who he is messing with.  The other day I found the most beautiful shell. I looked at it and said, this  would make a great idol some I decide the create this fake idol and wrap it  up with the paperwork that came with my real idol. I believe I can earn Chris's  trust by showing him the fake idol. It's gamble, but I’m going to have to  throw it out there and see if he bites.  I have an idol.  Can you show me?  Yeah.  I want to go to the end with you.  Okay.  Read it. It's sick.  By showing him the paperwork that goes with an actual idol, it distracted him  from even looking at the fake idol, and seeing his reaction, I knew I had him  hook, line, and sinker. I even told him, any time you think you're  vulnerable, you ask me, and I will give it to you, no problem. It's not even  a real idol. He can take it home with him for all I care.  I have no problem playing an idol for somebody else.  Domenick showed me his idol and said he wanted to take me to the end. Something  about it is just off.  We got to start to talk tract. Because we haven't really done that.  I don't trust him. If my instinct tells me something is off, I have to go  with it. Ly not get voted out of this game going against my instinct. Knowing  he has an idol scares the hell out of me. It's up to me as a leader to  eliminate it.  Jeff: All right. Naviti getting your first look at the new Malolo tribe. Gonzalez  voted out at first tribal council. All right you guys ready to get to today's  immunity idol?  Yeah.  Yeah.  Jeff: First things first, Domenick, take back the idol. Thank you. Once again  immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're going to race  through a series of obstacles. You'll then release two sets of buoys. You'll then  gather all of the marked buoys and get them to the finish where the remaining  tribe members will attempt to shoot them into a basket. First tribe to get  all eight buoys in their basket wins immunity, safe from the vote. Losers tribal  council where somebody will be the second person voted out of Ghost Island. In  addition, you're playing for reward. Want to know what you're playing for?  Yeah.  Jeff: Chairs, pillow, blanket, hammocks.  Hammocks!  Jeff: Even wash boards for clean clothes. Plus Ghost Island. The winning  tribe will send somebody from the losing tribe to Ghost Island. A lot at  stake. Naviti, you have one extra person. Who are you going to sit out?  I'm not good.  You're not good at swimming?  Jeff: Angela, take a spot at the sit-out bench. Everyone else take a minute  to strategize. We'll get started. All right here we go for immunity and  reward, Survivors ready? Go!  Go, guys.  Jeff: It's mike mike and Libby in the water for Malolo. Naviti off to a fast  start. Bradley and Morgan.  Let's go, let's go, will rest go!  Jeff: Here comes Michael and Libby.  Yeah.  Jeff: Naviti to the seesaw first. Bradley and Morgan now extending the lead. Both  back in the water. There's Michael and Libby right on their tail.  Go get it.  Now you're looking to release that first set of buoys.  Morgan!  Jeff: Morgan quickly released the buoys. Michael releases them for Malolo. Got  to swim in. Go, Naviti!  We're good, we're good, we're good.  Jeff: Go, Malolo. It is now Chelsea and Sebastian in the water for Naviti. Donathan  and James in the water for Malolo. Naviti extending their lead. They won the  first challenge. They would like to do it again.  Come on, guys.  Jeff: Donathan goes down hard. James in the water. Chelsea and Sebastian both  now in the water for Naviti. Here goes dawn dunn and James. Neither looking  very comfortable in the water. Sebastian very quickly has that second set of  buoys. Chris waiting to collect the marked buoys. Chelsea has to get to the  platform. Go, Chris! James is going to try to go down. He's put the mask on.  Swim in.  Jeff: Donathan is swimming back to the platform, no help. Here comes Chris. All  the pressure is on James right now.  Come on, man, you got this.  Jeff: He's got to get down about eight feet. And he is clearly struggling. Chris  whipping through the course for Naviti. Chris is making quick work of this. Chris  now going to collect eight marked buoys as James is treading water trying to  get another breath. Donathan absolutely no help. James really struggling now  with Naviti. They have a huge head starred.  Donathan, do you think you can get down there?  Donathan, do you think you can do it.  Jeff: James quickly pops up.  Donathan, you need to help.  Jeff: James, beckoning Donathan.  Donathan, give it a shot.  I don't think I can.  I believe in you.  Give it a try, man.  Jeff: Wendell scores first for Naviti.  Just try it, Donathan, please. Donathan, you can do anything.  Jeff: You're still in this. Malolo, you got to get down. This is why you came  to "Survivor" right here. Donathan now in the water. He's going to  give it a try.  You got it, Donathan.  Jeff: Desiree just misses. Donathan clearly wanted to part of this. Now he's  forced to. Malolo remarkably is still in it as Naviti can only score one  basket so far.  Come on, Donathan, come on buddy. Donathan, this is about personal achieve. Right  now. You can do this. Commit and go. Donathan goes down. It would be  remarkable if Donathan could pull this off. And he does it! Donathan amazes  himself. Desiree scores. Naviti with two. Out of nowhere, a hero has emerged  for Malolo.  Donathan, you're the best. Oh, my God.  Go, Stephanie.  Come on, steph.  Jeff: When things looked over for Malolo, Donathan dug deep. Wendell scores  for maf and a half. That's three. It is Stephanie quickly swimming this  course. She's still got to collect the buoys for Malolo. Naviti with three. There  are eight total. We still got a challenge going here. Desiree scores. That is  four for Naviti. It's now Wendell again. Wendell scores the fifth for Naviti.   Stephanie, you're killing it. Stephanie, you're killing it.  Jeff: Malolo working quickly. Their shooters ready to get in on this. Naviti with  another.  Go, go, go.  Jeff: That's it. You're in, you guys are out. Two people in the water. Naviti  now has seven. They are one away. It's Brendan now shooting for Malolo. They have  a lot the catch up. Desiree for the win. She's got it. Naviti wins their  second immunity challenge in a row.  That's all right. That's all right.  That's on me.  You killed it. You did great.  I'm so tired.  You're all right.  Jeff: Naviti, congratulations once again. Immunity is yours. Desiree, you  stood up and took that. Nobody going home. In addition, massive reward of  comfort will be waiting for you back at camp. Before we get to Ghost Island, Donathan,  even though Malolo lost, on a personal level, how big of an accomplish. Was that  for you.  It was huge. With the encouragement of my friends here, you know, they  definitely wanted me to try it. And I did it. Never in my wildest dreams  would I have imagined i'd do that.  Jeff: Ghost Island. Once again, Naviti, you choose one person from Malolo to  go to Ghost Island, which means they cannot go to Ghost Island. You sent Jacob  last time, who are you sending this time?  We're sending Donathan.  Jeff: We'll return back the camp tomorrow after tribal.  Good-bye, buddy.  Jeff: All right, Naviti. No tribal council tonight. Enjoy the night off. Swim  out and celebrate. All right. Malolo, for the seek time in a row, tribal  council, somebody will be the second person voted out of this game. Head on  out. See you tonight at tribal.  I was hoping Naviti would send me back the Ghost Island. Fortunately I have  this fake immunity idol and everyone thinks it's real. I’m going to try the  use it to take control of the game.  When I chosen to go the Ghost Island, I was definitely nervous. This is first  time being off by myself, having to survive. So my mind is racing. You know,  I definitely don't want any ghostings around me. But I didn't want to get  myself too paranoid. It's a game. Things are going the happen the way they're  going to happen. The biggest thing about "Survivor" is you just  have to adapt and go with the flow. That's my main goal out here. Hopefully it  gives me a great reward in the end. One bad decision can haunt you forever. Smash  the urn. Nope, not today. No game for you. I guess nobody going to snoop in  my bag and find anything. Unfortunately I didn't get the chance the play, but  for me this was a chance for me to prove myself. Growing up people always was  wanting to put me down. They would say, you know, who's this little kid out  here cheering and dancingen he ain't got no toughness in him. But today when James  was out there struggling, you know, I had to go in there and make those  moments count. So I was definitely intimidated, but I knew I was comfortable  enough with my swimming to be able to be okay. I just seen them balls come  up, and I’m like, holy hell, I did that. It's my first fire on my own. Pretty  proud of myself right now. Hopefully when people see me being out here and  being like a little mountain man, it's going to be something that makes their  eyes wide and their mouths drop. Being out here is definitely like opening my  eyes and giving me confidence in myself that I can, you know, be the person  that I always thought I could. I came out here to play. I’m here to win. I’m here  to win.  All right, guys. There's no way around it, okay. I got a job to do, I failed  to do it, so it's on me. If I’m lucky enough to get another chance, i'll do  everything I possibly can to redeem myself, but I choked. It's cool. Don't beat  yourself up over it. Serious. My immunity challenge performance was pathetic.  My parents taught me back in korea to give everything, your best effort, but  instead I cost us the win today. That's a fact. Like there's in way around  it. I feel like hell. Now people might be thinking of letting me go because  he's to blame.  James couldn't even go down three feet. And I know that's one challenge.  Yeah.  But we got to get Jacob. I don't like the uncertainty of does he have an  idol. Best-case scenario, he has it and he doesn't play it because he thinks  he's sending one of us home. But the question is do we hedge our bet and also  throw votes at James?  I think we got to. James is muscled up, but I don't know what he brings.  Even though James skewed up badly, he's plan "b." the real target  is Jacob. If the idol is real, it could definitely blow up in our face, so we  got to get rid of him, but we got to be-careful about how we do it.  If we can make him feel rock solid he's good, then he's going to want to hold  on to it and play it the next time.  Right.  He's got to feel really comfortable.  Exactly.  Cool.  I don't know. Like if I want to start playing, and I feel like nobody wants  the play yet.  I do.  You do? I feel like everybody's like kumbaya.  That's great.  I feel like we're on the same wavelength. We sleep by each other. You are the  people I would love to work with.  It's true.  I'm like you. I’m using my little flirtatious ways to get to the truth about  his idol, and the thing about Jacob is he's a strategic superfan. So the way  to get in his head is to talk strategy with him. Okay. Look, we know this  game. There's probably going to be a tribe swap.  I was thinking to get one of the strong guys before the swap, as much as I like  Michael, anyone who tells me tribe strength is worrying me.  Turns out Stephanie is a hard-consider fan like me and she also thinks Michael  is a threat. Don't get me wrong, he's a great guy, eagle scout, creme de la  creme, and I bet women are all over him back home in l.a. I’m sure he's doing  great for himself, but I feel like he's going the make difficult for those of  us who aren't super strong.  So I could probably pull James no problem. I think me, James and Laurel even.  I think Laurel probably would go with us, too.  Sweet.  That's a majority right there.  We're an unlikely pair, but she knows what she's doing. If I can get in the  good graces of someone like Stephanie, who is not only beautiful but also  just really good at this game, we could go very far together.  I'm pretty stoked.  So i'll tell you something, I lied about one thing and I’m only going to tell  you because I trust you.  Okay.  Idol is not real.  Shut up.  I tell you this, everything else I said was real. I did win. I opened the  damn thing, legacy advantage. The note says you have to gift the advantage to  someone on the other tribe.  Shut up. Who did you give it to  i gave it to Morgan. She seems level headed and the kind of person that will  respond to logic. Those are the kind of people I see myself working with.  I'm telling you that because I’m relying on you.  We're an unlikely couple.  Beauty and the beast.  Jacob divulged everything to me. His idol was fake. I knew it in my bones. And  then he told me that Morgan on the other tribe now has his legacy advantage. That's  huge. That is something that I can use to my advantage later on in this game.  Now I am actually really struggling with this Jacob vote. He trusts me. And those  are the kind of people you want to keep around. Long story short, he's like,  I think I can pull in James and Laurel, and, you know, we could maybe like  think about one of the big guys. So he wants to target Michael. He's totally  into like you and i. So I feel like we should --  he's loyal long term.  Yeah.  Stephanie wants to work with Jacob and start voting off the big players. I was  shocked at first. Jacob is not the smartest guy in the world. He has a lot of  knowledge, but he has no social skills. And he's just annoying.  We need to figure out what to do.  Yeah.  However, Stephanie and I have been close since day one. I want the stay loyal  to her some whatever she wants to do, i'll go along with it.  What do you guys think?  I don't know, hey, probably.  But I don't want to be like, he wasn't really good in that challenge, so we  should vote him out.  Exactly. So Stephanie through out Michael as a name.  Yeah.  So far the strong and the beautiful have been running the show. They've formed  a little bit of a click without me, and that worries me, but suddenly the  people on the bottom have an opportunity to flip the vote on them. I have to  make sure it's the right time.  Guys, do you think everything is as it seems right now?  I'm really hoping some  here's what it is. Either Jenna and steph are pulling a double cross about Jacob,  or it's the double-double cross, and they're getting one of us.  Uh-huh. That's why I’m really nervous.  They said they were going the play him, but, you never know.  Jenna and steph are scratching me out, because Jacob is a shifty guy and for  all I know he's targeting me. And all it takes is a couple people to flip  with him and I could be gone. I don't want to go home. I’m ready to play. If  I get voted out by fricking Jacob, I’m going to be pissed off.  Jeff: Jacob behind you is a torch. Go ahead and grab it. Approach the flame. Dip  it in and get fire. This is part of the ritual of tribal council, because in  this game, fire represents your life. When the fire is gone, so are you. All right  James, let's get to the challenge. Because that is why we're here tonight. With  the exception of Donathan, an absolute disaster. Is that fair to say?  I've been an athlete for many years, and today I did one of the worst things  that an athlete can do, which is let his own team down. I had a job to co,  and I failed. I hate myself, but I really want to put this loss on me, like I’m  the reason why we're here.  Jeff: Stephanie, James is really owning it, which is admirable, but he's  exposed that he choked.  There is an element to me that gives James credit for even trying to do it. But  it's a big reason why we lost, and in the end it kind of put us back a little  bit.  Jeff: Jacob, you were the first person to go to Ghost Island, did people ask  you, what's it like? What's it about?  I was jumping out of my pants trying to get that information out. I pretty  much told them everything. I even told them about my opportunity of getting  an advantage.  Jeff: Libby, what did he share regarding this opportunity for advantages he  talked about.  He showed us that he found a hidden immunity idol. So that surprised us.  Jeff: James, the other question is you really have no idea what Ghost Island  is about.  There definitely is some kind of information imbalance. Jacob has been there  and spent a night on the island, and we haven't, but he's one of our allies. We  can trust him and his story.  Jeff: Great phrase, "information imbalance." because that is where  "Survivor" often tip, the information imbalance. So Jacob, when you  rejoined the tribe, did you feel welcomed.  I felt welcome to a surprising degree. I expected a little more vitriol. It says  a lot about my relationship with this tribe, and it makes me feel more  comfortable moving forward.  Jeff: So still feel good with this tribe?  Absolutely. I still believe 100% these are some of the best people that have  ever been on "Survivor."  jeff: Stephanie, where do you sit on this idea that Jacob has, glass half  full.  Jeff: In my life I am glass half full type of person, as well. I think that's  who he is as a person.  Jeff: Jacob, is that really the way you are?  God, no. I’m a neurotic paranoid indoor kid. Maybe when I come out with that  kind of bravado it's so I can feel like I’m not going to just die on the  spot. I have a dream acted getting to the end of this game, and to do that I have  to fight all the fears that come with it.  Jeff: Jenna, where is the tribe right now in terms of alliances?  This is our second tribal. I think there's a little bit more thought in  alliances and stuff like that. We're kind of moving around a little bit. So I  think this one will be a little different.  Jeff: Jacob you're shaking your head. You agree?  This game is becoming way more about relationships and way more about the  people you trust and way more about loyalty.  Jeff: So is there any concern, even though you got a warm welcome that you  might be out of a group.  Absolutely. For all I know, they gathered up and said, make him feel good and  we'll get him next time. I don't know. I hope it didn't happen, but it could  happen. Any work i've put in to help myself and my allies and my friends, it  might all be in vein.  Jeff: Michael, how about for you? What about relationsships forming and  growing. That becomes a big part of the vote.  He's a huge part of it. Last vote was pretty unanimous. But two losses back  to back, we got to start doing something different, because we don't want to  keep this bad momentum going.  Jeff: Do you take some measure of comfort that you're okay because they need  your strength?  No. I don't. I don't think this is all about physical strength at this point.  I think those days are over in "Survivor." so, yeah, I feel a  little bit worried.  Jeff: Michael. Does that concern you, because you're clearly a physically fit  guy.  Yeah, definitely. Hearing Brendan say that, I sure hope that's not the case,  but I’m trusting the alliances i've made and the plan tonight.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Jenna, you're up.  We have two ears and one mouth for a reason. Listen more. Listen more.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want the play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are read,  the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal  council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Michael. James. Jacob.  One vote Michael, one vote James, one vote Jacob. James. That's two votes James.  Jacob.  Oh, no.  Jeff: Two votes James, two votes Jacob, one vote Michael. Jacob. That's three  votes Jacob, two votes James, one vote Michael.  Man.  Jeff: Second person voted out of "Survivor: Ghost Island," Jacob. That's  four, that's enough, you need to bring me your torch.  By, oh, boy.  Jeff: Jacob, the tribe has spoken.  You all did good.  Jeff: Time for you to go.  Jeff: Well, we're only six days in but you're 0-2 and down two tribe members.  Something's got the change fast for "Survivor's" greatest tribe. Grab  your torch, head back to camp. Good night. Captioning funded by cbs captioned  by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode. Next time on Survivor. A suprise  twist catches everyone off gaurd. Drop your box your switching tribes. I knew  I wasnt going to be in power the whole game but you gotta ride the wave. What  has happend over here? And Ghost Island is back in play. I am freaking out. I  put so much work in to get here. And at the first tribal I attended, I was  voted out. Im embarrassed. I dont know if I even have a game to be proud of. Dont  get me wrong, it was all, there but it was alliances that I made up in my  head that didnt actually exist. It sounds pathetic, but it hurts on a very  deep level.