<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor," facing tribal council, Kellyn saw  her opportunity to strike.  This is our chance to make a move.  Jeff: But Wendell and Domenick had their own agenda.  We're coasting.  Jeff: Leaving Donathan and Laurel in the middle.  What you want to do in.  Donathan and I control not just tonight, but the direction for the rest of  the game.  Jeff: At tribal council, Donathan and Laurel stuck with Domenick and Wendell.  Chelsea, the tribe has spoken. Heaving Kellyn without an ally in the game. Seven  are left. Who will be voted out tonight?  It was a with bit of a rough for me as one of my closest allies went home and  my new alliance obviously didn't work out. I find myself at the bottom, so I’m  open to talk and kind of seeing who will come to me. I know that I’m next.  I think you are.  That's why I had to go against Wendell. When I can see that the two people  who are running the show want me out next, it is really hard to work around  that. But after my divorce, I wasn't exactly sure where I wanted to go, but I  had this idea that maybe if I just trust my gut i'll get out on the right  side. And that's kind of how I feel right now in this game. So we'll see what  I can stir up tomorrow.  Any thoughts this morning?  On what to do next?  Uh-huh.  You know, I don't know. On the one hand I feel like there's a move against  the guys if we worked with ang and Kellyn for a vote, but on the other hand,  I just don't trust them.  I feel like if we can just keep playing it safe, we're going to be bigger  people at the end.  I know.  That's what I’m saying.  With having no chance of winning immunities.  I know. This is probably the last shot at getting them out without playing  their idol.  Dom an Wendell feel like we're totally with them because I had a shot at Wendell  and I didn't take it. Seven is the last chance to get some of these guys out,  get the idols out, and get myself to where I need to be in the end. If you're  going to make a move, you have to go after one of the big guys.  That would be my plan.  The problem is they're two of my best friends out here. Dom and Wendell have  protected me, an they could have picked me off long ago and they haven't. So it's  risky.  One chance to take control for ourselves. I would hate for us not to at least  try. Me and Laurel have been together since day one. It's been that way ever  since. We have had the opportunities to vote off Wendell and dom, but Laurel's  always changing her mind. It's frustrating. These guys have ran this whole  game. It's tough to watch. So I would love to take this game into my own  hands. It is kind of just like, I made it because I’m in the middle, but the  middle ain't going to get me to the end. If Laurel continues bouncing back  and forth, I may have to play this game by myself. I’m ready for that  challenge.  So you and Laurel were thinking about a plan to break up those boys.  If we can get us four and have them at three, we would have a better chance  of actually making it happen.  Donathan is coming to me with an idea where me, Donathan, ang, an Laurel  could vote together to blind side Wendell.  You can't go and blurt it to them if you want it to happen.  New york I know. No, I know. I tried to rally troops to make a move against Wendell  before, and Laurel and Donathan threw in what I thought would be the best  play. Still, Donathan willing to work with me is music to my ears.  I'm telling you, this is us extending the olive branch.  I feel like I have been underestimated since the beginning since Wendell and Domenick  have been the top dogs. And those two have always stuck to the plan laid out  for me, but I’m not that type of person to let that happen no more. Captioning  funded by cbs  jeff: Come on in, guys.  What the hell is that?  Jeff: And then there were seven. Guys ready to get to today's reward  challenge?  Yes, sir.  Yeah.  Jeff: For today's challenge you're going to be divided into three teams of  two. On my go, you're going to drop a wooden spool into a trap. It's going to  roll to the bottom, an you will grab it, race back to the top, put it back on  the trap. At regular intervals we'll add additional spools, making it more difficult.  If at in I point the spool drops, you are out. Last pair left standing wins  reward. Want to know what you're playing for?  Yes, sir.  Jeff: The winning pair will serve as ambassadors of "Survivor"  goodwill, delivering much-needed supplies to a local Fijian school. You'll make  kids and teachers happy, then you'll celebrate together with fried chicken  and chocolate cake.  Yeah.  Jeff: Here's how it's going to work. We're going to draw for captains. The captains  will choose their partner, which means one person will not be chosen. That person  will have no shot at reward and no shot at Ghost Island. Big stakes. Draw for  captains. We'll get started. All right. We have our three pairs, Kellyn was a  captain. She chose Sebastian. Wendell was a captain. He chose Domenick. Donathan  was a captain, he chose Laurel, Angela was not selected. No shot at reward. No  shot at Ghost Island. Here we go. Survivors ready? Go! We're going to start  with two. Drop your first one. Now you have until that one gets to the bottom  to drop your second. This is all about spacing right out of the gate.  Tell me when.  Go ahead.  Jeff: Sebastian drops his second. Donathan drops his second.  Come on down, come on down.  Jeff: Domenick drops a second and we are up and getting.  Perfect, kel. Got to hustle.  Jeff: If your spool drops, you're out. That means if you drop it while you're  running up the stairs, if your spools hit each other you're out.  Take your time. And drop.  Jeff: We're at two spools right now, give you a chance to figure out how this  works. After 33 days. Just running up and down these steps are going to get  to you.  Coming back.  Jeff: And we're just starting. You got 15 seconds now to drop a third spool. Whoever  is up there can drop the additional. Wendell drops. Sebastian drops. Laurel drops.  Everybody now with three spools. Now we got to move. You got to run faster. You  got to have better spacing. Trying to give your partner time to get down  those stairs to get it before racing back up to drop it again.  Come on, Laurel.  Always be moving. Come on.  Jeff: This is a big reward 33 days into this adventure. You want it, you're  going to earn it right here.  You got to go fast, it's coming.  Run, bro.  Jeff: Drop it, all right? Nothing easy about this challenge.  You got to go.  Jeff: Up and down the steps, over and over.  Drop it.  We're good. We're good.  Jeff: I can hear the breathing from here. Fatigue now really starting to set  in. Everybody has 15 seconds now to add a fourth spool. This is about  communication.  When the middle one gets to the middle, Kellyn.  Jeff: Trying to make sure you're spacing these spools as far apart as you  can.  You want to do it? &gt;&gt;.  Jeff: Five, four, three, two --  you got to run.  Jeff: Everybody drops their fourth spool and this challenge intensifies a  little more.  You got to run, sir.  Go, go, go.  You're going to have to hustle, kel.  Jeff: The better your spacing.  These are too close. These ones are too close.  Jeff: You get off, now you're sprinting to catch up.  Coming fast, Laurel.  Jeff: One mistake, you're out, no shot at reward.  Don, go.  Jeff: Donathan going to have to hustle.  Hurry.  Jeff: And he's got it. You do not get a breather. It is constant.  This one's coming in hot.  That was close.  Jeff: Everybody hustling. Everybody wants this reward.  Yours is coming fast, son.  Jeff: 15 seconds left in this round and we will add a fifth and final spool  and go until the end.  Come on, Laurel.  Go.  Jeff: It is time now to drop a fifth spool.  Stay up there.  Jeff: Five, four, three, two, one.  Get down now! Get down now!  Go, go, go.  We have to have them going.  Jeff: Everybody is talking.  You're going to have to run, don.  Jeff: This is where it is won or lost.  Kill, these are too close.  You're going to have to come fast.  Jeff: Sebastian drops. They can't get it. Sebastian and Kellyn out. We're down  to two.  You got to run. Run!  Come on, Laurel. Laurel.  Jeff: Laurel can't do it. This challenge is over. Domenick and Wendell win  reward.  That's hard to do.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Domenick, Wendell, come on over. Big win, big reward, big decision. You  guys are going to be ambassadors for "Survivor" delivering some  much-needed supplies to a local Fijian school. You'll have a nice afternoon  of fried chicken and chocolate cake. You're choosing one person to join you,  anybody over there want to make your case? Now is the time.  We got to pick?  Who is it going to be?  Laurel.  Jeff: Laurel, come on over. All right. Now you have one other big decision. Who  you going to send to Ghost Island? You two are making the decision. You got  to agree. If you don't agree, they draw rocks.  It's easy.  Jeff: Boy, this is simple.  Who's it going to be?  The pirate.  Jeff: Sebastian, you're clapping your hands. You excited?  I like how they call me the pirate.  Jeff: All right. Wendell, Domenick, Laurel, have a fun afternoon. Grab your  stuff, enjoy it. Kellyn, Donathan, Angela, got nothing for you. Grab your  stuff, head back to camp.  After Wendell and Domenick chose Laurel, I was pissed off. I’m not seeing  myself with the four anymore. Now it's time to rattle some people up and just  like go against these big guys. I want to prove to Domenick and Wendell I’m not  one to mess with.  Wendell and Domenick sent me to Ghost Island because they think I’m their  sucker fish. It's one of the most plentiful fish in the ocean, and they  attach themselves to the bottom of these behemoths, great white, but this  game is almost over, and Ghost Island this late in the game is so critical. I  feel like the advantages keep getting more and more powerful. So I feel like  this could be when I turn into the shark. Smash the urn. Game on. Follow the  fire. The odds have improved. Three of those hold power. Risk your vote to  play. Four of them. Three out of four is tremendous odds. This is "Survivor."  you have to give everything a shot. I think I’m going to play. I’m going this  one. Come on, baby! Key. I’m assuming that's good. Yes! Congratulations. You have  won an advantage in the game. This is an authentic steal a vote. Nice. It sent  mckayla home in "Survivor's" 34th season and was misplayed by Kellyn  this season. It no longer holds the four steal a vote, but you can use it as  a secret extra vote. Oh, hell, yeah. The looming question is, is this vote  forever hexed, or will you be the one to reverse the curse. Dude, this is  like the best thing that could ever happen to me. It is the authentic steal a  vote from game changers, and Kellyn received it this season as an extra vote,  but she didn't use it correctly. So now it is being passed on to me, and the  fact that I have two votes is tremendous. I think this is my chance to show  everyone out here that, you know, I can really play Survivor and win this  game. Know, I can really play Survivor and win this game.  Laurel, Wendell and myself are in a boatloaded with school supplies, sporting  goods, toys for kids.  Come on, guys, let's go.  Just to see these kids' face, it reminds you that it doesn't matter where you  are. I live in new york, I will live 16 hours by plane from where I am right  now. My name is Domenick. To see the reactions my children at home will give  them a gift is the same exact reaction I get from kids halfway around the  world, it's just a universal happiness. We all just grabbed kids. I think Laurel  was playing volleyball with some kid and Wendell was doing basketball. We all  brought our own flavor. So it couldn't have been a better three people out  here to enjoy this reward with.  We welcome you.  Thank you.  Dom and I have been working together since the beginning. But sometimes Laurel  still seems like she questions a lot, so we picked Laurel to go with us to  shore up our alliance, to reward her for her loyalty to us. Oh, my goodness. To  show her how much we this care for her, and to give her this special moment.  This is the team right here, though. You see? One, two, three, we're going to  the end.  Who do you think the winner will be?  Which one?  She's looking at me.  We've come a long way together. We linked up on day nine or ten, and we've  been loyal to each other ever since. My best hope is taking you guys and  having you guys split the vote. Hands down. That's my best vote.  That's my pitch to you.  I looked them in the face and I said, of course I’m with you. It makes sense  for me to go to the end, you'll split the votes and I can pick up the rest. I  think that's what they're banking on. But I’m here to cut their throats.  Top three, friends, top three.  Three.  I love them, but the game comes first.  I love them, but the game comes first.  You understand we're solid, 100%.  After Domenick, Wendell, and Laurel went for reward, I see where lines are  going the lay for me later in this game. Now my only option is to get in  their heads a little bit.  Dom is going to be hard to beat at the end. I’m not voting for you if you and  him are sitting there. I’m voting for dom.  Thank you, Donathan.  I'm trying the save your ass. There I feel like I’m going to end up on jury  anyway.  Wow. That's a strong statement, my friend.  Dom already knows I will vote for him.  Well, then I guess that's an incentive for him to put you on the jury. I don't  know what you're doing right now.  I definitely think my truth bombs are working for me out here. Hopefully that  scared Wendell to death. That's what I want. I want them to to be scared for  each other. It's good for my game. It's time to pit them against each other.  What have you guys been doing, just hanging out?  Same old.  Anything I need to know?  He said I got his vote.  Have you completely given up on going to final three, then what's your  incentive to keep working with us as a foursome?  That's what I’m saying.  So you're saying you don't have incentive to do that?  I don't know where my place is at in this game.  Well, all right. I thought we were together, sir.  Huh.  Donathan just outright told us I can't win against either of you two, so it  sounds like he's just going calm kamikaze on us. I know he's ready to make  his big move. I know it's coming. I can smell it in the air. He went from  quiet, nice kid, I’m rooting for you, I hope you have a good story.  Peace, bro.  To, you know, I’m going to slit your throat with a credit card.  Yeah.  I don't know what the hell he's going to do. He's going to ruin his game. He's  going to ruin my game. He's going to ruin everyone's game. He's scaring me. He's  just blowing the entire game up.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to today's immunity  challenge? First things first, Domenick, got to take it back. Thank you. Once  again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge we're going to race  to retrieve two bundles of blanks. You'll use those blanks to build a bridge.  Then cross it. You'll then come to a tower. You will build a ladder and climb  it. Once you reach the top, you'll solve a Survivor slide puzzle. First to  finish wins immunity, guaranteed a one in six shot of getting to the end. Losers,  tribal council where somebody will be the seventh member of our jury. Survivor  is full of do-or-die moment, and for one of you, that moment is right now. The  question is which one of you, and can you get the job done? We'll draw for  spots. We'll get started. All right. Here we go. For immunity, Survivors  ready? Go! Donathan full of energy. He races for those planks. You're going  to use these macs to assemble a bridge. You have to put one plank in at a  time from start to finish. Wendell going to give it a go with his first  piece. You got that right. Laurel tries a piece. That's not right. Sebastian working  on his. It's not right. Kellyn has her first piece. Sebastian, now he's got a  piece. Domenick with his first piece. Wendell with another piece. Everybody exhausted.  35 days and now this. Donathan once again wrong. Angela and Donathan in dead  last. Kellyn takes a big fall. It is Wendell and Sebastian side by side. Sebastian's  wrong. Wendell and Sebastian are back and forth. Wendell with another piece. Sebastian  with another piece. Laurel with another piece. Domenick with another piece. Now  everybody's starting to kick into gear. This will be Wendell's final piece. He's  good. Wendell can move on with a lead right now. Sebastian's finished. He can  head on. Wendell and Sebastian with a huge time advantage right now. Wendell places  his first plank in the ladder. You've got to build it from the bottom to the  top. Each rung will fit perfectly. Come demeanor's good. Laurel's good. Come --  Domenick is good. Laurel and dom trying to get back in it. Wendell has a  second rung in that ladder.  I got a third one, jeff. Come on.  Jeff: And he's got it. Sebastian with his first rung. Wendell places another  ladder rung. He's down to three request. -- left. Here comes Kellyn. She can  start working on the ladder. This will be it for Wendell. Wendell can now  head up to the top. He's moving on to the third and final section. Unbelievable.  Angela and Donathan, there are not that many pieces to the bring. They're trying  the same pieces over and over. Can't figure it out. Sebastian's good. He can  head up. It is Wendell and Sebastian working on the slide puzzle. Laurel trying  to get up here to join them. Donathan finally finishes the bridge. Donathan can  head on to the ladder now, and it's Angela all alone dead last. Laurel finishes  her ladder. Laurel can head up. Laurel's going to be happy to see this is the  same slide puzzle we did in the opening moments on day one. She never  completed it, but she got a shot at it. Can she remember anything that would  give her an advantage? Dom has his ladder completed. Domenick heading up now  to join Laurel, Sebastian and Wendell. Domenick quickly moving pieces around.  Wendell making some progress up top. Sebastian now slowly down. This is what  35 days on "Survivor" does to you. An otherwise fairly simple  puzzle becomes literally impossible to finish for someone. Dom moving more  pieces around. He's got a momentum. Wendell quietly continues to move piece,  making more progress. Laurel doing a nice job. Here comes Donathan now. Still  fighting. Kellyn now finishes her ladder. Angela is still working on her  bridge, Angela is out of it. Laurel very methodical. Quietly moving pieces. Dom  much more frenetic, and Wendell in a zone. It is still Wendell's challenge to  lose. He's been in the lead from the beginning. It's as if he's a oblivious  to everybody else. Who will get there first and win immunity? Jeff? &gt;&gt;.   Jeff: Laurel thinks she has it. Laurel wins individual immunity, safe tonight  at tribal council. Cannot be voted out of this game.  I guess I had to scream your name.  Jeff: What? Did you call me?  I didn't call you.  Jeff: Well, you got to call it. Wendell, you understand, because a puzzle is  not done until you tell me.  When I had it, I was like -- I didn't say anything.  I could have had it sooner --  100% I had it before you, but you called it first, so the ruling is that  you've got it.  Jeff: So you have no problem with the fact that if you don't call it, I don't  know if you're second-guessing yourself or not.  I agree with that.  Jeff: So you're good with that?  Yes.  Jeff: It stands. Laurel wins individual immunity. That's how we work it out  on "Survivor." Laurel, come on over.  Nice job, Laurel.  Jeff: Individual immunity is yours. You cannot be voted out of this game  tonight. As for the rest of you, Angela, Kellyn, Domenick, Sebastian, Wendell,  after 35 days, somebody going home tonight. Grab your stuff, see you guys  tonight at tribal council. Congrats.  Thank you.  It's rough losing the challenge today because I needed it, but Donathan came  to me about voting Wendell tonight, so I’m ready for people to put their  money with their mouth is, and I want to see it go down tonight.  Laurel!  Thank you. I had been thinking I got to get Wendell out of here tonight, but  I want to do it the right way, and he did finish first today and he would  have won immunity. It almost doesn't feel right to send him home. Wendell, I hate  how that went down.  Yeah. No big. Maybe i'll get one in the future. If I’m still around.  So I think it's the start move to stick with my allies and take out Kellyn. I’m  going with the smart move rather than the big move tonight.  This is tricky now. You still think we should do Kellyn before Donathan in.  I do, but he's going to talk to her, but still we got to get Kellyn out of  here.  Kellyn is a huge threat in both immunity challenge, but going to the end, no  one wants to take Kellyn to the end. She's super likable. She has a lot of  friends on the jury.  I think I know the obvious answer, but I feel like...  I feel like it's still Kellyn. Is that the obvious?  The general consensus is we'll work the take Kellyn out. What was your  suggestion?  What's your all suggestions?  I feel like get Kellyn out.  If you are going to blindside me tonight, please let me know.  No.  I get nervous. I can't help it.  Just out of nowhere Donathan decides to go bonkers. It seems like as we  approach the end of this game, he's imploding on himself, and it just baffles  me. Nobody is taking you out of this game. Kellyn is the bigger threat  because she's likable and all these things, but at least she's reasonable.  Just the way he said, if you're going to blind side me.  Her and I looked at each other, like what the hell are you talking about?  We are in fear that Donathan might try something, and because of that, I want  to be able to flex some kind of muscle tonight at tribal. I do have one real  idol. But also i've been working on a good fake idol, and now I just need the  paperwork.  You have all the packaging?  So you want packaging and the idol document?  Yeah.  I got it.  Now if anyone questions me, I’m good to go.  You can't have that.  All right. Whatever you want to do, sir?  What was that?  What was what?  What was what?  I gave him something that said -- you want to?  It has nothing to do with tonight, I promise. Do you believe me?  Can I look in my bag?  I'm good. I’m good. I just didn't know what that was.  It's something I was holding for him.  Okay. But if you feel anything, you go look right now.  You can check both of my bags thoroughly.  Thoroughly.  You can't have that. I’m not worried about that. I didn't know --  but you asked about it.  That was weird.  Wendell and Domenick are kind of just creeping around and doing things around  me without me knowing. We're supposed to be so tight, then you're supposed to  share your information with me. It weirded me out.  If you use an idol on Kellyn tonight, I will flip.  Nobody is protecting Kellyn tonight. She's going home. The plan is the same.  I'm going to have to go for broke from this point on. That's the only option  I feel like I have. So I just kind of wanted to shake it up before tribal.  Donathan just ran up to talk to Kellyn.  How you feeling?  I'm not feeling pretty good right now?  Why is that?  I think something's going to happen tonight and I think they're going to try  to get me out.  I gave Wendell something out of my bag and put it in his bag. It wasn't an  idol. It was a cloth with a necklace. He's like what the hell is that?  Donathan said that.  Apparently Wendell is wanting to throw out an idol. I seen Domenick bring a  thing over.  Donathan is absolutely unpredictable, and he does what he does best, right  there at the end, like tries to pull the plug on the grenade and throw it out  there and see who catches it. If daube dawn's going to blow below something  up, that might be my glimmer of hope.  We could try to get Domenick out.  We spook him.  You jumped up to get water. Want to do it? Boom, can we do it?  We don't know what Donathan is capable of. You never know with someone so  volatile. He'll run off and talk to the person you're trying to vote out. You  never know what he can come but then there's also Kellyn. She's a super  strong competitor, a super threat, and if you can knock out another threat at  seven, it increases our odds. Every move, every decision you make has to be  super strategic at this point. That's what I’m trying to do. The end is in  sight. It's time to sprint to the end.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Chris, Libby, Desiree, Jenna,  Michael, and Chelsea voted out at the last tribal council. All right. So I want  to start by talking about today's challenge in relation to where we are in  the game. You're 35 days into this adventure, and this will always be one of  the most intense, physically, emotionally draining experiences you will ever  go through. What you're feeling is real. You are on your butts. This is hard.  An we saw that in today's challenge. Domenick, can you feel it?  Yeah. I was completely shocked at my brain power today. I could not get over  how I could not figure it out. I can do one of those slide puzzles in 40  seconds. I could not find the first piece to go in the top left corner. I mean,  I think all of us can agree you're leaving your blood, sweat, and tears in  this game and we're starting to fall apart mentally and physically at the  same time.  Jeff: Wendell, I can't recall a time when what happened today has happened  new york a moment of, I got this, right, I think I got it, and Laurel slid?  I think because we've been out here so long, the physical toll that it has  taken on us has also messed up our mental game, as well, and like I’m not  nearly as sharp as I would have been on day one.  Jeff: You can really feel that?  Absolutely. It's good that I can kind of smile at this, but everybody wants  to wear that necklace. I’m very proud of Laurel, but I wish it was me wearing  that necklace.  Jeff: Domenick, what was the vibe back at camp?  Well, as we approached tribal, I think things went a little haywire. There was  a moment where Wendell and I were holding on to something of his, i'll let  him determine if he wants to divulge that information, but Donathan saw it. I  think it spooked him, and I think that may have caused him to change gears a  little bit.  Jeff: Wendell, this is very cryptic.  Jeff, Domenick put something in my bag. Donathan's like, whoa, what's going  on over. There he put something in my bag, big deal.  It was just us three there, if we're together, then why keep it a secret.  Why does everything that anyone says or does with anyone, why does it have to  be on blast.  Because you all are dependent on me to get you further into this game. When you're  withholding information.  We're not withholding information.  But you told me, I’m sorry for not telling you.  Because you have a desire to know everything and spew everything and tell  everything.  When I’m working with people I need to know information. I'll be blunt about  it. That's what's frustrating to me tonight right now.  Donathan, can I say something?  No.  All right then.  Jeff: Kellyn, your eyes are just gigantic.  Jeff, I don't know what's going on, where people's heads are at. All I know  is that after Chelsea got voted out, the word on the street from quite a few  people was that it was Chelsea and then me next. And so --  jeff, that's probably not going to be Kellyn tonight. It's going to be me.  Jeff: You?  Uh-huh. I see the whispering there. You know, they got loaded pockets back  there. They can easily pull that out for Kellyn tonight and write my name  down, so I’m always on my toe, as well.  Stay with it. Stay with it.  An you remember the hammock?  Stay with the hammock plan.  I don't know what the hammock is.  Uh-uh, because we're done talking, remember?  Laurel, that stick to the plan, if only you knew for sure what the plan was. Kellyn  thinks it's her. Donathan is certain itself him.  You know, I feel like I came in tonight with a pretty strong plan  "a," but I have a plan "b" and a plan "c,"  because you always need a plan "b" and plan "c." when  something is dropped like, that every word, every looks means something. Sitting  in my head right now trying to make sure that I feel good about what I’m doing  tonight.  Jeff: Kellyn, if you think you're in trouble, that's the only thing you want  the hear is there is disruption.  Plan "b" and plan "c" sounds like great news to my ears. There  are underdogs out here and there are big dogs out here. When you're a big  dog, you can scare people into not going against you, however, people came to  me with plans today, so you just never know in "Survivor."  jeff: Domenick, is it a little unnerving to see, well, of course, everyone  has a plan b and a plan "c," that's Survivor.  Yeah, because I’m trying to promote stick to the plan, and if one person is  considering going to plan "b," you don't know if the other people  are also planning to go to plan "b." so it's kind of important that  a plan is stuck to, whether it be a, b, or c, everyone has to be on that same  letter.  Jeff: Hurt. It is time to vote. Donathan, you're up.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Domenick. Donathan.  Kellyn. That's one vote Kellyn, one vote Donathan, one vote Domenick. Kellyn.  That's two votes Kellyn. Donathan. Two votes Donathan, two votes Kellyn, one  vote Domenick. Donathan. That's three votes Donathan, two votes Kellyn, one  vote Domenick. One vote left. Kellyn. We have a tie. Three votes Kellyn,  three votes Donathan. Here's what's going to happen. We're going to revote. You  can only vote for Kellyn or Donathan. Kellyn, Donathan, you will not vote. Domenick,  you're up. Can you come grab the urn. I'll go tally the votes. I'll read the  votes. First vote Donathan. Kellyn. One vote Donathan, one vote Kellyn. Kellyn.  That's two votes Kellyn, one vote Donathan. The 14th person voted out and the  seventh member of our jury, Kellyn, that's three, that's enough. You need to  bring me your torch.  Didn't go down without a fight y'all. Made you vote twice at least.  Great job, Kellyn. Kellyn, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  It's truly been a pleasure from the bottom of my heart. I wish you all the  best of luck.  Thanks, Kellyn.  Love you, babe.  See you, kel.  Jeff: Well we're 35 days in and down to six, and yet this game is still far  from over. Grab your torches. Good night. Stay tuned for scenes from our next  episode.  Jeff: Next time on the season finale of "Survivor," only six are  left.  If I make the wrong decision, it is game over.  This would be an epic move.  I would love to reverse the curse.  Jeff: With one last visit to Ghost Island.  My chest is just...  Jeff: And one final $1 million decision. Join us may 23rd.  This journey for me came at the exact right moment in my life when I really  needed to transition from the person who I thought I needed to be to the  person that I can dream I want to be. And I’m so thankful for a  once-in-a-lifetime experience that I will never ever forget. Captioning funded  by cbs captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org