<br/>What's going on, "Survivor"? I’m Wendell holland. I’m 28. I’m from  philadelphia, p.a. You have to pick me to be on the next season of "Survivor."   jeff: Well, we didn't put him on back in 2012, but he kept applying, and  clearly it paid off. I got to check in on samantha. Samantha, hold it up. How  did you do? Wendell. We're 2-2. All right. Let's see how the jury voted. Roll  that for us, joe. Here's everybody that voted for dom. You got Chris, Libby, Desiree,  Jenna, and Michael. And then the other five votes were for Wendell, Chelsea, Kellyn,  Angela, Sebastian, and Donathan. And it came down to Laurel. So Wendell, when  that moment happened, everybody on the jury shocked, we're all shocked, I’m a  little shocked we have a tie vote. When Laurel starts making her walk, true  confession, how confident were you that that relationship you built with her  would pay off?  I was very confident, but I knew that dom had a tremendous relationship with  her also. But it did feel good knowing that Laurel was the one casting that  tie-breaking vote.  Jeff: Laurel, what was it? There are arguments on either side. "Survivor"  is so complicated. There are relationships. There's game play. What was the  deciding factor?  It was an impossible decision. These guys are both deserving of being the  winner. That's what made it so hard. They played a similar strategic game. They  made the same move in a similar way. For me it came down to Wendell's social  game and our personal relationship.  Jeff: And Domenick, you said it. If I do this wrong, that urn will remain  cursed and i'll second guess it. Are you second-guessing that fire, or do you  just live with it? Does the gambler in you say, hey, that's the move I made?  I knew three seconds after you said it was a tie it was a wrap for my. Every night  I said, why didn't I take him head to head in fire. I was confident in my  ability to do it. But that's where I fell short. And I think I played with  fear throughout the whole game. And I never got too confident. And that's  where I played well, but I think my inability to realize that I was being a  little too overconfident at the end and not put myself out there with him is  where I dropped the ball.  Jeff: Well, one thing that came from this is one of the greatest friendships  i've ever seen on the show. Throw that up. There is an image that speaks to  the love affair. Look at that. [laughter] in fact, dom, just because I don't  want you to go home empty handed, a little something you can put over your  bed. A little consolation prize. Michael, it's been a long time since we've  had somebody, really anybody, but especially somebody your age that had so  many people attracted to the energy and your maturity. You're 18. Where does  that maturity come from?  I always kind of ran with the older crowd in high school, and I even  graduated early. So I proved out to l.a. On my 18th birthday, I packed my car  and drove cross country.  Jeff: Is that mom and dad?  It's all my family. That's where they came from. They raised me right. All the  credit to them. I love you guys so much.  Jeff: There they are. I had a lot of kids come up to me and say, I’m almost Michael's  age.  Get out here. Come play.  Jeff: Exactly, yes. Come out here, youngsters. We want you. And Chris, you  and dom who had one of the biggest rivalries ever, but I heard you buried the  hatchet and did an m.system walk together.  We did do an m.s. Walk. I got to say, dom and i's rivalry was real, but we  had a second peace treaty. He took me in like family. We went out to the m.s.  Walk for the national m.s. Society. My mom was diagnosed at 27. I’m on "Survivor"  at 27. I love my mom to death, and I almost lost her. To be out here and  spread the awareness...  <br/>Jeff: You did a great job. Very inspirational. Well, we couldn't do this  season without guys like James and eric. James is still huge, and eric has  his long hair again. I owe them both an apology. That's next. We'll be right  back.  Jeff: "Survivor" reunion will continue only on cbs.  Jeff: Welcome back, "Survivor: Ghost Island" reunion show. So to do  an idea like Ghost Island, you first have to have a history, and it's because  of guys like eric and James that we have these early dumb moves that we can  do this. You guys have been great sports. So James, you were firsting you had  two idols in your pocket. You got voted out. Over the years, was that hard  when every time we this a dumbest move list, you're one or two on the list.  Yeah, it really was kind of hard. It kind of made me not watch the show  anymore. It kind of traumatized me.  Jeff: Really?  Yeah.  Jeff: Here's the thing. I realized during the season, you found two idols. I completely  overlooked that the entire time, because really much like eric, who we'll get  to in a second, you were just an early adopter of a risky move. You rolled  the dice and got caught. So has sense of humor kicked? Are you okay now?  It was fun when it was going on. I didn't take it that personally.  Jeff: You have guys like Michael who idolized you when he found your idol.  100%. I started watching the show when I was eight years old, so for me to  come out and play the game that I know and love and find your idol and feel  like I could right those wrongs and make everything come full circle, I was  like, this is great. This is amazing. It was awesome. It was an honor.  Jeff: Nobody was happier than James when this happened in season 16 ten years  ago. Take a look.  I want to give individual immunity to natalie.  Jeff: 13th person voted out and sixth member of our jury, eric, bring me your  torch. You can see James, the burden lift like a little angel, lift right off  his shoulders and over to eric. Eric, pave rty had a line, you will go down  as the dumbest "Survivor" ever.  Just to be there was amazing as man of the show. Jeff probst is standing  right there. Every day was a gift my first season, so, I mean, there's so  much to this. Like with these mistakes, they show you who you are as a human,  these human moments show up, because everybody makes mistakes. Over time i've  had to work through all of that. If you don't laugh, you're going to cry. That's  part of it. Too.  Jeff: So you're laughing now. Because just like James, I forget that eric  made it to final five, lasted 36 days both times he played. Won challenges. You're  an all-star player. So we're reframing history right now. Kellyn, just  quickly before we go to the break, 7 of the 11 advantages that were haunted  haunted again. You went to Ghost Island twice. Is it all just coincidence, or  does it get in your head?  Of course at first glance you think it may be coincidence, but when I am  scared of Ghost Island, I draw that rock that first day. You all saw Wendell,  I’m not sitting in that orange seat. It really, when you're out there in it,  you can feel the "Survivor" lure. It was a phenomenal experience,  for fans of the show.  Jeff: It's one of the reasons this game continues to excite me. You embrace  it. The people who play, they embrace the show. All right. When we come back,  I hate that this season is ending, but a new one begins and it's really fun. Plus  the incredible kevin hart. Why is he going to be here? This is an  international comedy superstar. He also happens to be the newest member of  the cbs family with an exclusive preview about his new show  "t.k.o.," total knock-out. I saw him shooting yesterday. It was  very funny. He will be here next. We'll be right back.  Jeff: Well, it's always hard to end one season. Fortunately we have a new  season of "Survivor" coming this fall. Take a look. "Survivor,"  a game of social politics that often centers around the story of the underdog  versus the favorite. And this time we're hitting it head-on. It's "Survivor:  David versus goliath." the davids, ten strangers who share one thing in  common, overcoming adversity. It's the only thing they've known.  I grew up in a trailer. We had food stamps. When you grow up like me, you  never forget where you came from. You got to bust your butt. Nothing in this  life is free. It don't come easy.  I have always been a very neurotic person, but I’m luck I can enough to never  have had a full-on panic attack. So let's hope it doesn't happen out here for  the first time.  Jeff: They'll take on the goliaths, ten strangers who also share one thing in  common, capitalizing on their advantage and using it to squash their  opponents.  I have had a fairy tale life. I studied at stanford university. I got my mba  from yale. And I’m just like unstoppable.  I'm fast as a corvette, as big as a hummer. Millions of wrestling fans know  me as the mayor of slamtown. I've been champion of every organization I work  for.  Jeff: But when you're abandoned on a deserted island with no idea what to  expect, it doesn't matter whether you were born with it or had the fight for  it, because every goliath has an achilles heel.  I'm stubborn as hell. It's a problem for me, but if you don't like it, too  bad. Everything about me speaks power.  Jeff: And every david a seek at weapon.  They're going to think I’m weaker than I am.  They will just assume I’m a huge nerd, which is not entirely incorrect. But really  I have studied this game. I’m going to show I’m good at it. You might be  surprised about what I can pull out.  Jeff: It's "Survivor: David versus goliath" coming this fall. It's another  good one, but before we're back on the air, there is a new show premiering on  cbs hosted by kevin hart. Kevin, come out here. [cheering and applause]  oh, oh, oh. Oh, hello, hello, hello. [cheering and applause] hello, man. Wow.   Jeff: It's not often -- what? What's up?  Well, I’m a little blown away, man. I've been watching this show for quite  some time. I thought you all were outside and you're not.  Jeff: very few people know it is the truman show.  I'm really hurt. I really thought all this time all you guys were on the  island, and you're not. This is... I’m hurt. I’m really hurt and I want to  talk to you after. That's a different conversation.  Jeff: Well, I went over yesterday, I came over with a couple little kids to  see your new show, "tko:total knockout." it is very funny. Walk us  through what it is. Explain the show, because it's made for "Survivor"  fans.  I was going to say, you should relate to it because it's in this wheel house.  We basically combine dodgeball and obstacle courses. It's a show for  everybody, mothers, fathers, brothers, sisters, aunts, uncles. Whoever. You can  come on this show and compete. You can have a good time. The beauty of it,  it's hosted by one of the tallest, most attractive men in show business,  myself.  Jeff: Well, it's interesting because so many of these obstacle course shows,  you have to be an elite athlete. That's the difference with this.  Not in this particular show. We wanted to go the opposite. We want to make  room for that individual that doesn't consider themselves to be an amazing  ultimate athlete. This is a space for you. This is your wheel house.  Jeff: Take a look. Here it is. A little bit of "tko".  T, k, go! Oh, my gosh. Boom.  I thought he hit me.  No, you hit yourself.  Oh, oh.  Like, that just one foot.  Jeff: Yeah. It looks good.  It looks great. And listen, everybody, it debuts wednesday july 11th at 8:00  p.m. Make sure you check it out. The show is good. It's really good.  Jeff: Kevin hart, thank you. Get out here. Get back to work.  I got to go to work. Good-bye. Guys, I love it.  Jeff: We'll be right back.  Jeff: One more time the amazing group of players from "Survivor: Ghost  Island." if this looks like fun, go to cbs.com/casting and apply, or you  can hit me up at twitter @jeffprobst. The goal is this: Somebody who is  inspired to apply tonight will get on. If you want the bid on promise from  this season, Survivorauctions.com. Proceeds go to stand up to cancer. Thank you  for watching. Thank you for continuing to be so loyal. We'll see you in fall  for "Survivor: David versus goliath." good night. Captioning funded  by cbs captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org