<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor," at Ghost Island, Jacob was first  visitor to encounter the graveyard for bad "Survivor" decisions. And  he willed a cursed legacy advantage to Morgan.  It's the legacy advantage. It's right here. I’m touching it.  Jeff: At the Naviti tribe, Domenick used his fake idol in an attempt to  garner trust.  Read it. It's sick.  Jeff: But it become fired.  Look, I don't trust him. Something about it is just off.  Jeff: The mall of america tribe was facing tribal council, and James was on  the hot seat.  I cost us that challenge. I choked.  Jeff: But a blind side was brewing.  We got to get Jacob.  Jeff: At tribal council, James received votes, but Jacob was sent home.  Jacob, the tribe has spoken.  Jeff: 18 are left. Who will be voted out tonight. Who will be voted out  tonight.  After that tribal I’m feeling a little bit drained obviously. It was pretty  much a roller coaster ride for me and my heartbeat. That was a good plan. I’m  glad it worked.  James, for the record, please don't hate yourself.  I'll try. Tonight I ended up getting two votes. I did deserve to be the  second target. Being raised in a korean-american household has taught me to  take ownership of my failure, but I’m glad I’m still here. I’m ready the  fight for another day.  It's time to win. I’m done losing.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Naviti getting your first look at the new Malolo  tribe. Jacob voted out at the last tribal council. We'll bring Donathan in returning  from Ghost Island. Come on in, Donathan. Welcome back. Donathan also getting  his first look at the new Malolo tribe. Lib agree, two challenges in, you've  lost two tribe members. Where are we right now in the game with this tribe?  I still feel we're united. We're positive. I can say we're till growing into  that best tribe ever.  Jeff: Bradley, where's Naviti right now?  I think we're strong. We're getting along really well. It's really a cohesive  bunch.  Jeff: So it sounds like both tribes are feeling really good. Which makes it a  perfect time for a switch. Everybody drop your buffs. We are switching  tribes.  Dang it.  Damn.  It's been real, guys.  Damn.  Oh.  Jeff: Angela, what are you feeling right now before we draw buffs?  I feel a little bit of anxiety, like a brecken family. So it's bad.  Jeff: Is that a little bit of emotion?  I don't know. I love these guys. I did two deployments in the military where  you build strong, lasting relationships in a very short time. To me this is  exactly the same, so I’m absolutely nervous about this switch.  Jeff: All right. Let's get to it. Don't open them. Wait for me.  I'm in a bit of a power position right now, so I’m kind of freaking out. But  I knew I wasn't going to be in power the whole game. You got to ride the  wave. There's wave there, you got surf it.  Jeff: Two buffs left. Michael will get truly the last shot. All right. Everybody  reveal your new buffs. Say hello to your new tribe.  Purple.  What are you, dom?  Purple.  I'm concerned because I still have to deal with Chris on this tribe, so it is  critical to me that I build with relationships with everyone out here in  order to take him out.  Jeff: If you're purple, you're Naviti. Head over to the purple mat. If you're  orange, you are Malolo. Head over to the orange mat.  I'm Malolo.  Jeff: Make your move.  Hey, guys. Mice to finally talk to you.  I know.  Hi.  Jeff: All right. On the new Naviti tribe, there are four old Malolo, Donathan,  Libby, Laurel, and James. An we have five old Naviti, Domenick, Chris, Angela,  Wendell, and Morgan. How you feeling, Morgan?  I'm feeling good. Purple is my favorite color. We have a living room. We have  the comfort. I’m feeling really good.  Jeff: And you still have the numbers.  And we still have the numbers, that's for sure.  Jeff: Okay. On the new Malolo tribe, there are also four old Malolo with Jenna,  Stephanie, Brendan and Michael and five Naviti with Desiree, Sebastian, Kellyn,  Bradley, and Chelsea. Kellyn, is there any part of you that's now wondering  what's going to happen to this Naviti five? Can we actually stay together?  I mean, jeff, I feel really good about purple, but at the same time, things  change. You never know what's going to happen, an I’m excited to meet more  people and open up new treasure boxes of love.  Jeff: All right. Malolo, Naviti, grab your stuff. Head out. The game has  changed once again.  From the outside it look like I want to work with Malolo, but my game plan is  to keep us together because it would be so epic too just like go and knock  out those Malolo tribe members one by one. One by one.  Welcome.  Does this will be a lot different from your camp?  Yeah.  Well, minus the pillows and the hammock and stuff.  Majority is key an crucial in this game, so when I looked around and I saw my  four homies from the old Naviti tribe, I was stoked. It's the perfect  situation for me, so right now I’m a happy, smiley, gig lie piece of laffey  taffy. Banana flavored.  You know how you just throw stuff up. So probably half of what we've done  isn't right or isn't good. It's a nice big shelter. It's just real bumpy.  To go from Naviti to Malolo, I think it was a bit of a shock for us because  the shelter is just all tangled up and one big hot mess over here. This is  like when you're meeting a friend's new baby who they think is so cute and  it's the love of their life, but you're like, that baby is ugly. Like what  has happened over here?  It really is important to take in how beautiful this is, man. You get lost in  what we're doing.  It's easier than "two and a half men's" camp.  I bet.  Compared to their beach.  This is like a grassland.  One thing that struck me about Naviti is they have done nothing but  complaining about the conditions over here since they got here. And Bradley  specifically, he just cries about everything. It's unbelievable. This is  "Survivor," it's supposed to be hard. I don't quite understand why  it's shocking to these people. On top of, that we're down 4-5. All in all,  not a great swap for me.  Welcome to Naviti, guys.  Welcome home.  This is our living room.  Wow, yeah.  This is great, guys. It gets a little cold out here during the evening.  Take it to the bedroom.  We wrapped up our comfort right here.  We didn't have tools like you guys.  We have our nighttime fireplace.  I'm definitely like floored when I arrive here at the Naviti tribe, because  they really got it going on. They got two fire pits. They got a good shelter.  Sure enough, they got the most beautiful view that I have ever seen in my  life.  From the looks of it, doesn't look like this new tribe willing going to  tribal council any time soon.  We look strong, you guys.  We have the 5-4 advantage, but it's way more complex than that, because three  out of the five I didn't feel like I had huge connections with, and dom has  an idol. That scares the hell out of me. I have to eliminate it.  What do you think is going to happen?  We have the numbers. There's no reason for us not to carry it.  You need to start putting your army instinct on and top thinking with your  heart. Okay. You need to --  if you want to win, you need to start thinking like that. Like I’m dead  serious. Look. I’m going to tell you something, dom told me he has the idol.  He looked for a long time. You think he does?  He does. The only way you and I are going to survive is if we have each other  both. If it's just me, we're screwed.  I believe the information Chris gave me about Domenick is true.  Now that this switch has happened, we have to change our game plan. We need  the blind side dom.  I'm going along with it, but when Chris is tell me stories, I’m cringing, but  Chris talks to you instead of with you. He was giving me orders, follow this  and stay on track. Even though I’m used to guys bark, orders in the military,  I don't like that kind of confrontation at all.  How are you all on coconuts?  Let me ask you guys this, all four of you are aligned, Domenick probably has  the idol.  You think so?  Yes, I know so. An we need to get him out. We have to find a way. All right. And  I guarantee you he's going to try to swoop everybody. He will. He will. You live  in new york. You get it. He's new york e. I've been on the him since day one.   Chris started talking about how Domenick has a hidden immunity idol. We have  to get him out. An I was like, wow. Well, welcome to Naviti.  We got to do it. Got to make it happen. Seriously, let's shake on it.  Absolutely.  Okay.  Chris has a big personality, so when he talks to me, I have to nod and smile,  nod and smile, an act like I’m just this girl that he might think he can take  advantage of and just lick drag me in as a number.  When we get back we'll play it all cool.  I'll play dumb, but I’m not going to be dumb about it.  That's amazing.  I know.  Look how pretty that is. There's in way that could ever get old.  It's freezing. I just want to be back at Naviti you guys have dirt. We had  sand everywhere. I feel dirty and gross.  Oh, my God.  Naviti pretty much hates everything about our camp. They're a bunch of  complainers, but I’m in the minority on this new tribe, and I have to find a  crack. Sometimes this game just like literally the luck of the draw.  Crazy, yeah, but none of us are going to flip on purple, so it sucks for you  guys to be 5-4.  When you're on the bottom, you have to fight it out. You have to make as many  connections as you. Can it's frustrating that this kind of luck can all of a  sudden, you go from the top of the food chain to the bottom.  No, we're not giving up. So me and Stephanie need to find an idol. It's the  only way we can switch up the numbers.  We go on mad dash. We just run off into the woods. An we start searching  under every tree. Every rock, pebble.  Anything?  Branch. The well, tree mail. Oh, my God. I’m seeing things starting to jump. We're  digging our hands in logs covered with termites and ants. We're doing  everything we can to find an idol. If you want to take me out, you're going  to have to take me out fighting and screaming because I’m going to do  everything I can to stay in this game.  This could not have worked out more perfectly.  We vote them out.  I think it's here somewhere. There's a real idol somewhere in here.  Now more than ever the old Malolo four decide we need to find an idol. So nobody  should be surprised if a few of us old Malolo folks are out looking for  idols.  There has to be a clue or something.  There has to be a clue or something.  We got the idol, bro.  I am just ecstatic. I just found this hidden immunity idol. This for me is a  huge shriver dream come true. Congratulation, you've found the hidden  immunity idol. This is one of the authentic hidden immunity idols.  This is ghost. And this is James' original idol from "Survivor: China"  in 20 op when he went home with two of these guys. It was a decoration on the  entryway to the tribe camp that no one ever suspected as a idol. He pride it  off, sure enough, hidden immunity idol. On day 30 James found himself in a  very strong position. He had a tight alliance of five and two immunity idols.  This combination of power lulled him into a false sense of security. As his  closest allies sent him home with both idols still in his pocket.  Tenth person voted out and the fourth member of our jury, James. James is the  only player in the history of "Survivor" to be voted out with two  idols. The only question is can you reverse the curse? At eight years old,  first season I watched was "Survivor: China" and James was one of  my favorite players. I watched him walk home with two of these. To be sitting  here 11 years later holding the actual idol and be given the chance to  reverse his curse and change his legacy is amazing. This is huge, man.  Exactly what we were looking for.  Oh, this little sucker. Right here.  Oh, we got a lot of work to do.  I'm worried Chris is going to turn on us before we get him.  I think he's going to take Angela with him.  Him and Angela are tight.  Libby, I like her.  Chris is already trying to get them.  That's why we got to rope all of them in, not just one or two of them, we got  to rope all four of them in.  The easiest thing would be the five of us stick together. I mean, at least  one vote. But I get the sense that Chris doesn't want to stay five strong  because he doesn't really seem to have a good connection with dom. So we  might have to go for Chris. I think people are starting to get a little  paranoid, but I don't think you guys have to worry as of right now. I love  you. I’m on your side. We were stoked when we saw you had purple. Cross my  heart.  Us girls got to sticking together.  I agree.  Immediately I knew I could bond with Morgan. She was super open and super  friendly. So I feel closer to Morgan than anyone else on the other tribe.  I'm not sure we have a solid Naviti five.  The good part about people coming up to you wanting to trust you, you can  choose between which alliance you want to be with. I do feel strongly about Morgan.  We can work together. We understand each other. It's finally feeling like a  real alliance.  I honestly don't think you guys have to worry.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. You guys ready to get to today's immunity immunity  challenge?  Yeah.  Jeff: First things first, Angela. Got to take it back. Once again immunity is  become up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're going the race through a  series of ramp walls the a sand pit where you'll dig up a ladder, climb it,  and retrieve a rope. We'll use the rope to get you to the top of a tal tower  where you will solve a puzzle. First tribe to finish wins immunity, safe from  tribal council. Losers, somebody will be the third person voted out. In addition,  you are playing for reward.  Yeah. [applause]  jeff: One simple little tarp will protect you from the rain and the sun. And winning  tribal sends somebody from the losing tribe to Ghost Island. A lot at stake  as always. Take a minute the strategize, we'll get it on.  Let's do it!  Jeff: All right. Here we go, for immunity an reward, Survivors ready? Go! Chris  and Sebastian first. Both get through. Wendell gets through. Brendan just  gets through. Bradley's through. James drops. He's got to go back. Desiree's got  to go back. Laurel's good. There goes Donathan. Can he get there? Yes! Angela  got to go back. All the women of Malolo in a row are good. Michael's good. It's  Desiree still working. There goes Morgan. Libby now struggling. She's got to  go back. Desiree gives it another go? Is this the one? Yep, you're good. Start  digging. Domenick is through. James going to give it another go. He's through.  Here goes Angela. Libby waiting. Angela very close. She's good. She's good. You're  good. Start digging. You're now digging up a very tall ladder.  One, two, three!  Jeff: Malolo now has their ladder out. It's now Malolo in the lead.  All right.  Jeff: Naviti still digging, and they're slowing down early in this challenge.   Rung toward us. Rung toward us.  Jeff: Naviti has their ladder. And you're going to use it to get somebody up  15 feet in the air. Malolo taking a long time now to figure out how to use  this ladder.  That end down. That end down.  Let's get it up and we'll rotate it.  Jeff: Malolo has lost their lead.  We had it right. Who's up.  Jeff: Naviti now has caught up and Donathan heads up the ladder. It's now Naviti  in the lead. A big lead that orange had is now gone. Chelsea heading up the  ladder for Malolo. Donathan tossing that rope. And he's got it. You're good.  We're all right, guys.  Jeff: Chelsea struggling with that rope. Now going to be Chris with the rope  for Naviti.  Watch out.  Jeff: Chelsea's got it. Get down.  Wait for Chelsea.  Jeff: Let her down, let her down. Chris falls short. Malolo now trying to  catch up. It's now going to be Sebastian with the rope for Malolo. And he's  got it. Now you got to pull yourself up.  Nice, nice.  Jeff: Sebastian has his. Start pulling yourself up.  Go, go go,.  Jeff: We are neck and neck right now. Wendell's up. Sebastian's up. Laurel's up.  Got to get everybody up that rope. We are dead even right now.  Let's go, dom. Hold that tight.  You got it.  Good job.  Jeff: Somebody's got to get up top. Sebastian tries. He can't do it.  I'm going to go up.  Jeff: Domenick getting a boost. Sebastian getting a boost. It's Domenick and Sebastian  that are up.  Who's next? Who's next?  Go, go go,!  Grab my hand.  Jeff: Go, go, go. Sebastian now gets Bradley up and Desiree. Domenick pulls Laurel.  This is teamwork. Both tribes working very well together.  Thank you.  Jeff: This is how you do it on "Survivor" right there.  On the mat. On the mat.  Jeff: Naviti's good to start on the puzzle.  Where's the face?  No face, no face.  Jeff: Malolo trying to get their last guy up and they've done it.  Okay. On the mat.  Jeff: Start on the puzzle.  On the mat.  Jeff: All that adrenaline and energy to get you here. Now exhausted, you've  got to slow down and use your brain to solve a complicated "Survivor"  puss l.  Work slow. Think about it. Kellyn and Bradley for Malolo. Wendell and Laurel  for Naviti. They're trying to figure out first what this puzzle is.  It's got to start small at the bottom and get bigger.  Don't tell them.  Amaka: Tarp and immunity on the lied. -- line. Tarp Ghost Island and tribal  council awaiting the losers. Kellyn with another piece. If they're right. Malolo  working together very well as a tribe.  That's beautiful.  Jeff: Wendell and Laurel falling behind.  Don't say that, bro.  Jeff: Just calling what I see. Another piece from Bradley and Kellyn.  Now it's the big piece maybe.  Jeff: Another piece from Bradley and Kellyn. Wendell just flat out looking  trying to figure it out.  Hey, Bradley, right here, right here, this piece.  I think it's the big guy.  Amaka: Another piece by Bradley and Kellyn. This is becoming a blowout right  now. Decisions about who to put on the puzzle playing out in a big way right  now. Malolo made very good decisions clearly with Kellyn and Bradley. Malolo  wins immunity and reward sending Naviti to tribal council. Malolo,  congratulations. A dominant victory out of the gate. No tribal council  tonight. In addition, nice tarp. Come grab your reward. All right. Naviti,  tribal council tonight where somebody will be the third person voted out of  this game. And somebody's going Ghost Island, and Malolo, you're going to  decide who that is. It needs to be unanimous decision, but if it's not  unanimous, Naviti will draw rocks. If you can't make a decision, you leave it  up to chance.  Does anyone dissent against Donathan?  I dissent.  Draw rocks.  Drawing rocks.  Jeff: Walk me through that, Bradley. What's happening that this group can't  make one decision?  Well, there's five us from former Naviti, and we obviously want to send an  original Malolo, so it makes sense that the guys dissent. I don't blame them.  I'd do the same if I were them.  Jeff: There are eight black rocks and one white rock. White goes to Ghost  Island. Reach in and take a rock. Don't look. Keep it in your palm. Everybody  hold your palms out. Everyone reveal.  Chris.  Jeff: Chris has the white rock. Chris will be going to Ghost Island. Can not  be voted out of tonight's tribal council. That's the good news. The bad news  is you'll be out of the social politics and have no say in who does go home. Grab  your stuff, head out the Ghost Island.  Best of luck, guys. See you later.  That son of a bitch Chris is lucky, because I was really looking forward to  getting rid of him at tribal tonight.  Jeff: All right, Malolo, no tribal council. Grab your stuff, head back to  camp. Enjoy the night off. Naviti, see you tonight at tribal. Grab your  stuff, head back to camp.  I am freaking out. Because so much of this season is about players' past mistakes,  and it's going to be 4-4 tonight. I’m worried we're going to mess this up.  Day nine just turned into a nightmare. We lose our challenge and I get sent  here to Ghost Island. Frankly, I’m spooked about it. You know, tonight I’m missing  a huge tribal council in which I was politician a big role in what could  happen. I hope my plan stays eliminating dom in a blindside. But you know I’m  scared without me being there maybe it might not happen. All right. Here we  go. Nope. Not today. No game for you. Ain't that a bummer. I was hoping I could  win an idol or some sort of advantage, but instead I’m by myself. Being out  here, it's not easy. I’m hungry. I miss my family. Crazy. I just -- it's just  what the game does to you mentally. I expected this to happen at some point. This  is just -- this has been first difficult day for me. Around the tribe when I’m  struggling, I have to bury it to be strong for other people. My mom was  diagnosed with m.s. Years before I was even born. My mom is my hero. I sort  of -- when I hit a moment of weakness, I think of her. She's the ultimate Survivor.  She was diagnosed at 27. Ten years ago she was told she had two months to  live and she's still alive. Ever since then I made it my duty to remain  strong for her. Which helps me when I’m in a tribe. You have to do those  things. But I’m human, and Ghost Island is giving me a chance to let out all  of my negative energy so I can reboot and be that again for myself. I didn't  even know I was this upset thinking about my mom, it was awesome, and that  connection really helped me. It's crucial that I recenter myself, because  it's going to better my game going forward. Better my game going forward.  That sucked.  I bet he's happy. He's got all the rice to himself, a big bed for his big  head.  What I see happening today is the four Malolo will vote for Domenick because  they're keeping to Chris's plan.  I got a ton of sand in my drawers and that water looked really nice. I got  the take a dip.  I decided I wasn't going to go with Chris, I wasn't going to go against my  team. I would rather have loyalty against doing something I’m controlled at  and not having a choice in.  Have you been thinking about worst-case scenarios for today?  Chris, talk to me.  He's still on dom.  Chris said make sure you stick with the plan, meaning vote with the other  four.  Then they will send dom home.  I don't want to vote with them. I’m telling you right now, I’m not voting one  of us off. I’m expecting a split vote, 4-4, that we'll have to pull rocks,  but I am willing to go to rocks for old Naviti. I’m staying strong with my  team. So who would you think to vote off.  Naviti. Snow so worst-case scenario, they all vote dom, we vote Libby, it  will be the rock draw.  Angela wants to stay Naviti strong, but it's a little sketchy to me. She's Chris's  right-hand man. So whatever our conversation was, it didn't hold a lot of  weight to me. I don't want the draw rocks for Angela, so I’m gung ho about  getting her out of here. I was so ready to pull the trigger. Chris is just a  loose cannon. Today was his day.  He has no power if we get his right-hand man.  All right, cool, Angela.  Well, he has Libby in his pocket.  No, she's not.  Yeah, she's with us.  All right. Well that's easy.  Angela thinks that Libby is going home. But I trust Libby way more than I would  ever trust Angela.  You want the take out Angela?  A complete blindside and unanimous mouse.  We are on your side, we're on your team. I swear.  The plan is to get Angela out now to show them that we're on their side.  Act like you're all together.  I have in the back of my mind this fear that the former Malolo four will go  back to thinking about me being a threat to them. So I may expose this fake  idol to the tribe so they can gain some trust for me.  Chris day one after me. Chris day two after me. Chris day three after me. And  on like day three or four he says to me, do you have an idol. I go, no, I don't  have an idol. He said, if you did, i'd see we could trust each other and i'd  be off your back. So I saw this at one of the challenge, I bundled it, cheesy  rope, but it's just tree mail.  Oh, my God.  So I mean, it's a really nice shell, I even tried it on for him and  everything. I showed it to him. But it's worthless. This is the nonsense he's  been talking about from day one, all right. So are we good?  Naviti wants us to vote Angela out, but I see Domenick and I truly think he's  capable of lying straight to my face.  I'm your number.  It could be the case that he has a real idol and wanted to throw us off his  path by showing us the fake idol.  For real on my children I want to work with you guys. I’m in the saying that.  I would never say that. Aim with you guys. 100%.  If anyone has to go, I swear on my children and family, that's a bad sign. If  Domenick is voting for Angela, whoever votes for us goes home because Naviti  only has three left some we can choose one. One, though.  Morgan. Because of the idol.  I wasn't keen on that idea because Morgan is someone I can trust, so i'd  rather not bring her up in this vote, because i'd like the keep her around as  long as I can.  Domenick could'dly have a real idol and be showing us the fake idol to throw  us off.  I doubt he has an idol.  You doubt it, but what if he does?  I just feel like we're going to need Wendell and Morgan in challenges. We don't  need Angela.  Well, whatever it is, the fact is all four of us need to have the same  target, so we need to agree quickly before tribal.  I don't want to vote out Morgan. I feel like it will be a lot easier to just  vote out Angela and it be unanimous vote. The big question is will we bank on  the alliances we did make in the original Malolo, or will we blend together? This  decision really turns the game. Every day the stakes keep getting bigger and  bigger.  Jeff: If it's your first time the tribal, behind you a torch. Grab one, dip  it in, and get fire. This is part of the ritual at tribal council because in  this game fire represents your life. When your fire is gone, so are you. All right,  so Morgan, you go back the camp with Chris at Ghost Island 4-4.  Yeah, we pretty much split up into our group of four, but as of right now,  both tribes are staying solid with their group.  Jeff: Wendell, is that really it? It was just one group of four and another  group of four?  Yeah, we were on the bed plotting together. They were over in the living room  plotting some kind of strategy. All you can hope for is for someone to maybe  crack, maybe pull somebody over.  Jeff: How are you going to pull somebody over if they're in the living room  and they're in the kitchen?  Good question. You're going to have to get out of the kitchen and go talk to  somebody.  Jeff: Domenick, are you surprised that it was so separated given this is for  somebody a million dollar vote tonight.  Yeah, jeff. If this goes 4-4, I know I don't want my fate to be determined by  a rock, so I actually did step out of the kitchen a little bit, and I just  explored the situation to see if there were any cracks, just to see what  everyone's thinking.  Jeff: Angela, how about for you? What did you see when you got back the camp.   I got out of the kitchen, as well, and talked. And tonight I’m on the fence.  I can go with the popular decision or the right decision for me. But i've  gotten an immense amount of pressure, so right now I want it to be my  decision for me.  I am stunned by what you're saying right. Now when were you pressured?  When we swapped tribes, Chris started trying to pull Malolo's members over to  us. And it was more pressure versus anybody else having an opinion.  Chris isn't here. Chris is gone.  Jeff: So Morgan, do you think there is chance that despite Chris, that it  could actually make the four Naviti here tonight tighter?  I think so. I feel like we all have really good relationships. But you know,  four new people got added, so we're trying to build our relationships with  them, as well.  Jeff: Domenick, are you feeling that? Are you feeling different relationship,  as well?  Absolutely. I feel really comfortable with this new four. I feel a sense of  new possibility. And I’m always open to hear people out. Okay. I want the  hear what people have to say, and i'll make a determination as to whether or  not I want to go ahead with that or not.  Jeff: James, everybody has within painting this beautiful little picture that  one group of four are over here and another group is over here, but the more  questions I ask, the less accurate that seems to be.  Yes, I am kind of surprised. I mean, from my perspective, it was a strong Naviti  four. Maybe it's not the case anymore actually. You know?  Jeff: Or Morgan, maybe this is part of a plan. You can't ever know what to  trust at tribal.  Yeah. Right now we could all be sitting here completely lying, or we could  all be telling the truth. Are we all good actors and actresses, or are we  being real? Only time will tell.  Libby, how do you discern when it's okay to lie to somebody and when you need  to be honest?  I like that you asked me that question.  Jeff: Why do you like I asked you?  People think the nice girl, the sweet one is not okay with lying, but you  have to make sure everyone believes you if you want something done, so you  have to be okay with fibbing sometimes, but that's just the game.  Jeff: Morgan, even as Libby was saying it, the smile was growing bigger, the  charm more broad.  I mean, look at her. You just want to trust her. She's beautiful. She's gorgeous.  It's like how could this girl ever lie, but that's part of the game. Everyone  is lying. Even Libby. I’m sure will lie or has lied at some point.  Jeff: So Wendell, as you sit here, what do you think is going to happen. Just  big picture?  I'd like the hope that someone makes a move and that at the end of tonight  we're a stronger tribe and we want to work together and actually start  winning some things.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Laurel, you're up.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want the play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Libby. Angela.  Angela. Angela. That's three votes Angela, one vote Libby. Morgan. Morgan. That's  three votes Angela, two votes Morgan, one vote Libby. Morgan. We're tried,  three votes Angela, three votes Morgan, one vote Libby, one vote left. Third person  voted out of "Survivor: Ghost Island," Morgan. You need to bring me  your torch.  What?  Jeff: Morgan, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  Don't trust the cute blond.  Jeff: Well, tonight's tribal centered around whether you were locked in or  somebody was going the make a move. It looks like somebody made a move. That is  how you play "Survivor." grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good  night. Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," when there's nowhere to run --  we made enemies.  Jeff: -- and nowhere to hide.  It's frustrating because I have so much more game to play.  Jeff: You have to stay alive.  We can open this game up. Let's make something happen.  I actually have the legacy advantage. I thought it was going to do me good. Obviously  it didn't work out. So this might be cursed now, but I am willing the  advantage to Domenick. He was always open and honest with me. Hopefully this  isn't a curse. If it is I’m really sorry.