<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor," at the Malolo tribe, a switch gave  the old Naviti alliance 5-4 advantage.  I could not imagine it working out better.  Jeff: And Bradley was getting cocky.  We're going to vote them out.  Jeff: The Naviti tribe was facing tribal council. With Chris at Ghost Island,  Domenick, Morgan, and Wendell were ready to vote out one of their own.  Do you want to take out Angela?  But the Malolo four saw an opportunity to take out major threat.  We can either use Wendell or Morgan.  Jeff: At tribal council, Domenick and Wendell voted for Angela.  Jeff: Angela. But they were both blind sided when Morgan was sent home.  Jeff: Morgan, the tribe has spoken.  I have the legacy advantage that I am willing to Domenick.  Jeff: 17 are left. Who will be voted out tonight.  What the hell happened?  Good move, guys.  All right. You got me. Are we going to talk about this a little bit?  Not really.  No.  One thing I can say is, that you know, we decided to stay strong.  You certainly did. This is a crazy game.  Angela, I’m sorry for giving you my vote.  Wendell and dom stabbed me in the back. I thought I could trust both of them,  but a wolf is a wolf, ratherless if you're describes in sheep's clothing. When  you take it off, you're still a wolf.  Want the take a walk, hug it out a little bit?  Me and Wendell had such a nice game plan set in place. We all were going to  vote Angela. But the former Malolo caught me by surprise. Yeah, we got our  ass kicked out there. We made enemies.  Aides crazy. They got it done tonight, though. And we don't have any  relationship with Angela now. Chris still wants me dead. She wants us dead. And  he's got no idea what he's walking into.  It's going to be a disaster.  A disaster.  A complete and utter disaster.  Well, I’m with you. So, I mean, at least we got the two of us. So what do we  do?  I got in over my head. That's what I did.  But still, listen to me, I have a real idol.  You do in.  Yes.  Oh, my goodness.  There's hope.  We might be on the bottom, but fortunately my buddy Domenick found an idol. Wow.  That's great. Now we have a chance to shake things up a bit. Look, just same  way that we broke from our group, maybe someone over there will break from  theirs. It's doable. It's doable.  We absolutely have to make the smartest play that we can make. We're good out  here. We can do this. Let's work, bro. Let's make something happen.  I woke up today, and I looked down at the bottom of my bag. And, oh, man,  something is in there. It could be a good thing. It could be a bad thing. And  since tribal didn't really go the way I was hope, I’m just praying it's going  to help me in this game. Oh, my God. Morgan, my girl, I love you. The legacy  advantage willed to me from my girl Morgan. Just, oh, just a great moment for  me. With this note in your possession, you are guaranteed immunity. You may  only use it with 13 people left in the game or six people left in the game. There  are 17 left of us right now. I'll take all the help I can get. I want every  advantage I can get. There are lessons to be learned by these relics. It's important  that I reverse these curses. I cannot go down and be eaten alive the same way  these past players have been.  Oh, my God.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Malolo getting your first look at the new Naviti  tribe. Morgan voted out at the last tribal council.  Damn.  Jeff: We'll now bring in Chris returning from Ghost Island. Chris getting his  first look at his new tribe.  Hey there.  What's up, guys.  Welcome back.  Jeff: All right. Shall we get to today's reward challenge?  Yeah.  Jeff: For today's challenge, you'll race out to retrieve a ring. You'll then  race back to your flagpole while the other tribe tries to stop you anyway  they can. First person to have one hand on the ring and one hand on the  flagpole scores a point for their tribe. First to three wins reward. Want to  know what you're playing for?  Yes.  Jeff: A little taste of home.  Oh.  Jeff: Peanut butter, jelly, and ice, cold milk.  I want that so bad.  I might cry.  Jeff: In addition, the winning tribe will send somebody from the losing tribe  to Ghost Island. They will return in time for the next immunity challenge,  and they will face the possibility of tribal. A lot at stake. Malolo, you have  one extra person. Sitting somebody out. You cannot sit out the same person in  back-to-back challenges whom are you going to sit out?  I'm sitting.  Jeff: Chelsea going to sit this one out. Everybody else take a spot on the  bench, take a minute to strategize, and we'll get started. All right. First round  is going to be Michael and Brendan for Malolo taking on Chris and Wendell. Head  on out, guys.  Let's go.  Jeff: All right. Here we go. Survivors ready? Go! Chris going to swim out  quickly. Nobody else moving. Interesting strategy straight out of the gate. Chris  quickly gets to the ring. Now the strategy comes into play.  Go, Michael.  Jeff: Chris tries to toss it to Wendell. Back to Chris. Wendell now trying to  tie up Brendan. If Chris can get free. Can anybody stop Chris out of the  gate? It does not look like it. Naviti scores first point. And aNaviti leads  1-0. Next round, Angela and Laurel taking on Jenna and Kellyn. Survivors ready?  Go!  Go, girl. Laurel's going to head out the get the ring for Naviti. Jenna now  swimming out to challenge her a little bit. Right away Jenna goes after Laurel,  gets hand on that ring. We got a battle in the water right now. Here comes Kellyn  and Angela. Kellyn now gets on Laurel. Angela is now on the ring. Everybody  fighting for this. Laurel has not given up for a moment despite everybody  hanging on her now they're pulling her away. Jenna now starting to dig in. You  can feel it shifting. Laurel digs back in. Angela digs in. Now it's Angela. And  she's got it for Naviti. Naviti leads 2-0. Next round is going to be Bradley  and Sebastian taking on Domenick and James. Naviti leads 2-0. Playing to  three. Naviti could win it right here. Survivors ready? Go! This time Sebastian  is heading out quickly for Malolo. Domenick is heading out for Naviti. This is  going to be a battle at the ring. Sebastian gets there first. He takes off,  and he launches it to Bradley, who has it. He's tied up now. Now it's Malolo  that has the momentum. Malolo. James now getting into it. It's getting very  physical.  Come on, James.  Jeff: It is Bradley and Sebastian pulling James and Domenick closer to their  flag. Sebastian and Bradley, can they get there? Yes! Malolo scores. It is  2-1 Naviti. Next round, Desiree and Stephanie taking on Libby and Laurel. Naviti  leads 2-1. We're playing the three. This could do it for Naviti right here. Malolo  must score. Survivors ready? Go!  Let's go, ladies.  Come on, Laurel.  Come on, Laurel.  Jeff: Laurel for the second time swimming out for the ring. She's digging on  reserves right now. Stephanie gets to the ring first. It's a battle just for  the ring. Libby tying up Desiree. Malolo needs to score right here. Right now  Naviti has the edge. And they inch their way closer to that final point in  this challenge. Laurel has been the difference for Naviti. She's been  unstoppable. Watch the neck!  Her feet! Her feet!  Jeff: Malolo making Naviti earn it. Libby getting closer. Laurel finding new  energy. Stephanie pulling them back now. Laurel continues the fight. Libby within  inches for the win.  Come on, come on, come on, Libby!  Jeff: No. Libby pulls away. She takes it to the flagpole.  You got it, you go it!  Jeff: There it is. Naviti wins reward.  We're going to eat tonight. Naviti, big reward and a big decision whom are  you going to send from Malolo to Ghost Island knowing they will return in  time for next immunity challenge.  I think we're going to take a consensus and go to rocks.  Jeff: Got it.  Don't look.  My biggest "Survivor" fear.  Jeff: Is it really? If the spirits are listening, you may be headed to ghost.  Everybody palm up. There you go. And reveal. Kellyn. Kellyn, what just  happened?  I opened my mouth. That's what happened.  Jeff: Is that just coincidence?  No. None of us are here by coincidence. We're all meant to be here, and I better  be careful what I wish for.  Jeff: All right. Kellyn, grab your stuff and head on out the Ghost Island.  Jeff: See you, Kellyn. You will return in time for next immunity challenge.  Jeff: See you, Kellyn. All right, Naviti, big win. Grab your stuff, grab your  peanut butter and jelly, head back to camp and enjoy. Malolo, got nothing for  you. Grab your stuff, head back to camp.  Thanks, jeff.  Come on, "Survivor" Gods, I freakin' knew they heard me. Part of me  is scared, but I also feel like this is where I’m meant to be.  This is my biggest "Survivor" fear, to be out on the island by  myself. I can get through anything when I have people around to talk with. I’m  an extrovert. My game out here is a social game. But here now that I’m alone,  I’m trying to not let the whole idea of Ghost Island get to me, so I’m trying  to control my thoughts. And just be -- see what's waiting for me. Game on. Follow  the fire. I see that I have to go play some game. My mind starts rationing. I  am being walked into the fire. Not the greatest feeling they've had out here.   Ghost Island game of chance. I'll wager a secret advantage if you'll wager  your next vote. If you win, you will have the power in the game. If you lose,  you will not vote at the next tribal council. Ugh. I am feeling sick to my  stomach. Right now Malolo sits at five original Naviti and four Malolo. If I lose,  we lose the numbers. So it is a huge risk to give up that vote. Would the  "Survivor" Gods have given me the white rock if I wasn't suppose to  come out here and get the advantage? In this game one bad decision can change  your life, you just have to trust your gut. This is thehardest thing. But I just  cannot play the game. I’m going to keep my vote for the next tribal. Ghost  Island is all about being hauntedded by terrible decisions. And it makes me  wonder if i've done the right thing. I’m not sure. If it's something that  comes back, I can live with myself knowing that I just did what I thought was  right. And it's just crazy how quickly this game just, like, weaves in with  who you are and who you want to be and where you want to go. I've been blind  sided in my personal life like so many times, so in the last two years, I rally  changed my life by trying to make the right decision, by truforting my gut. I  just got married and decided to not be in that relationship anymore. I changed  my career path. I went back the grad school, got an mba and got a new great  job. The fact of the matter is if I hadn't trusted my gut, I wouldn't be  sitting here today. I believe sticking to who you are at the core and  trusting your gut can get you further in this game.  You brought the food home, girl. You!  Hell, yeah.  Mmm.  Oh, my God.  Mmm. Mmmm.  Welcome home, Chris. It was so cold on that island.  Did you get to play the game.  No. When I was sent to Ghost Island, I had this plan in the workings to blind  side come.  I'm eating this sandwich like I’m going to the electric chair tomorrow.  But they chose Morgan. I have to figure out the truth about what happened.  So let me hear everything that happened.  My own family slit my throat. All three of my members voted for me.  Obviously they're trying to make me out if they're trying the take you out. Wendell  and dom went for Angela, because they wanted power away from me. That was a  big mistake. Look, if we flip with you and me and those four, we're 6-2, and  it's going to be dom or Wendell. To me it was an opportunity to jump in with the  Malolos.  We have the votes, 3-3.  You think he has the idol.  He showed us the fake one with a seashell on a string.  It's a string with a shell. I told you guy he's a master manipulator.  It's like Chris versus Domenick right now. Those two are definitely like  butting heads.  I like you, I like you, I like you, I like you, and I like myself.  Chris is wanting us on his side to get Domenick out because he's got an idol.  I don't know if it's true or not, but that's what he's feeding us. They're  watching to split the vote.  In case come has an idol.  And Wendell would go.  Wendell would go.  Jeff: do you like Wendell?  I get along with him better than Chris or Chris better than Wendell?  I like Wendell better than Chris.  I know. You don't want Wendell to go.  It would be easy to side with Chris to get Domenick and Wendell out. I don't  love the idea working with him. I don't want Chris calling the shots around  here either. That's the thing.  He's definitely trying to dictate what we all should do, you know?  In real life I went the yale university. I was also division one athlete. I like  to call the shots. But here it's a different story. I have been playing under  the radar, but I want that to change. I want to have my name on the game. I don't  want you going anywhere, and I don't want Wendell to go home either. We have  to hash it out.  Amen. The problem is the whole thing. I thought he would have been out by  now, and he's still here. He's still here.  I love you and Wendell. I would rather work with you guys.  Three is still a good number if you have tools to use them with, and I have a  tool.  You do?  I do. I have the idol.  So it's true? So you did lie to us.  It's an idol, you know, you're not supposed to tell people.  Why didn't you play it yesterday.  You had me fooled. I’m telling you because I want to work with you.  I know you want Chris out.  Hell, yes.  It's you, me, Wendell.  For sure.  Jeff: I think Donathan would go Chris.  If it was Chris, I i would make a move on him. We could open up this game.  Love it.  I love that you love it.  Laurel surprised the hell out of me. She's here the play and play hard. The only  person I thought I had out here was Wendell. Now to know that Laurel and Donathan  are willing to work with us to get Chris out, that's such a huge turn in this  game. It's great, because I feel like  jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. Shall we get to today's immunity  challenge?  Yeah.  Jeff: First things, first, Malolo, i've got the take back the idol. Thank you.   Thank you.  Jeff: Once again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's chang, you're  going to swim out to a bamboo cage. You'll climb over, dive down and untie a  door. You'll then drag a heavy chest back to shore and across the track. You'll  then use a rope to hook the missing piece of your track, reconnected it, and  continue moving your chest. Once you reach the finish, you'll use the balls  inside, attempting to land them on a very narrow perch. First tribe to get  all five wins immunity, safe from the vote. Losers, tribal council where  somebody will be the fourth person voted out of Ghost Island. Malolo, you  have one extra person. You have to sit somebody out. Who is it going to be?  Me.  Jeff: Desiree, take a spot on the sit-out bench. Everybody else take a minute  to strategize. We'll get started. All right. Here we go. For immunity, Survivors  ready? Go! It is a sprint to the cage. Chris and Wendell out quickly. Michael.  Everybody's got to get to the cage before anybody can head over. Chris and Michael  get to the cage for their tribe. Chelsea is there. Go, Malolo. Go, Naviti. Now  of you got to get up and over and start untying the door to that cage. Malolo  has their door free. Malolo now can start working on dragging that chest,  which is very heavy. Naviti losing a lot of time on the door. Mall is now  through the door. They're making progress. Naviti still struggling with their  door. This is a big time advantage early in this challenge for Malolo. Naviti  finally has their door released. Now they can start moving their chest. Malolo  with a big lead.  Come on, guys!  Jeff: Here comes Naviti. Now they're starting to get some momentum. Malolo's got  it up on the track.  One, two, three, push!  Jeff: That's how you do it. Naviti reaches shore now. They're trying hard to  close that gap. Malolo is now up on the track. Now of you got to catch that  center section of track and pull it back to you. Sebastian hooks the track. Now  it's teamwork to pull the track back into place so you can continue. There they  go. You're good. Get rid of that rope.  You got to get on the track I think.  On the track, on the track.  Jeff: Here comes Naviti. You have to get on track. If you're off track, it's  not going to work. Naviti one step become after another in this challenge. Huge  time advantage for Malolo. Malolo, get it on your platform.  Watch out, Michael.  Jeff: Malolo now untying knots to release the balls they need to finish this  challenge. It's Sebastian and Brendan now tossing balls for mall mall.  We're good, we're good.  Jeff: Wendell will try the grab that track. Misses with his first toss. That's  one for Malolo. You've got to get all five balls up there.  Come on.  Jeff: Chris is going to take over. Naviti has struggled from the beginning of  this challenge. That's two for Malolo. Another one for Malolo making this a  blowout. Naviti cannot get past that section of track. You're good, Naviti. Naviti  has it if they can get that track back and catch everybody.  Guys, you have to help, man.  Jeff: Naviti, you're going to need everybody. You can't do this with two  guys.  Here, here, here, here, here, here.  Push that rope back.  Jeff: There you go. Now Naviti's got it.  Easy, easy, Brendan.  Jeff: Brendan knocks it off. This is the break Naviti needs. You got to move,  Naviti.  Keep move, keep moving.  Let Sebastian go.  Jeff: Brendan scores the third.  We have to lift it up here.  Jeff: Naviti has got the move quickly to get this chest untied.  Let's go, on the mat.  Naviti has their balls free. It is now Chris and Wendell. It would be a  massive comeback.  You got it, Malolo.  Jeff: stay relaxed. Even if they start getting them, we're fine.  Jeff: Naviti scores one. It's now 3-1.  So close.  Jeff: Brendan lands the fourth. This is it. Accept could win it. Sebastian just  misses. That's two for Naviti. Naviti closing the gap now. Chris hits one but  Wendell knocks one off. Wendell puts another one up. It's now 4-3. Now it's Brendan  trying to score for Malolo.  Let's go!  Here we go, guys.  Jeff: They have their fourth for Naviti. This is it. It's a showdown. What a  comeback from Naviti to be in this. It is now anybody's game. Sebastian no. Chris,  just short. Brendan on and off.  Yes!  Jeff: Chris does it. A huge comeback from Naviti. Naviti wins immunity,  sending Malolo to tribal council. That is a "Survivor" celebration  right there.  Sorry, sorry, come on. Get up here.  Jeff: Naviti, what a comeback. Immunity is yours. One thing "Survivor"  does over and over and over again is remind, you never ever give up because  it is not over until it is over. You pulled out a huge come-from-behind. Nobody  going home from your tribe. Grab your stuff, head back to camp, enjoy the  night off. All right. Malolo, tribal council tonight. Somebody will be the  fourth person voted out of this game. Grab your stuff, head back to camp, see  you tonight at tribal.  Thank God I trusted my gut. I didn't play the game at Ghost Island. I still  have my vote. Old Naviti is going into tribal tonight with the numbers. All we  have to do is decide who goes home next.  For nine-tenths of this challenge, we crushed them. It's good effort. We confirmed  what I know about this group, which is we're better than they are, we just  didn't close it out, but you goodnights were really good today.  As soon as we got back from the immunity the immunity the immunity challenge,  it was somber, but we have the power tonight. I’m trying the play like boston  rob, someone who has the numbers and is in control. So I think stonewalling  the original Malolo people is the best tactic at this point.  Speak to me.  It's 5-4.  I know that. I know. But I want the stay.  We shall see.  We shall see? Right now I really don't think these five are going the crack,  so it's one of us four going home tonight, and that's frustrating, because I have  so much nor game left in me the play. Being a single mom, I think my biggest  fear is failing my kids. So I hope I’m here to see another day. But right now  it's out of my hands. And it makes me sick that somebody like Bradley is  still going to stay in this game.  I'm just worried about time. I feel like we should nail it down.  Nail it down now.  So do we think they have an idol?  I do not, but we have to be careful.  I know we need the strength, but in case they have one, --  i would agree. They're never going to see it coming.  You never know if the original Malolo four have a hidden immunity idol. So we're  west banking on the fact that they're going to think we want the keep  strength and vote out one of the girl, but we're going to vote out one of the  guys because they won't expect it, so even if they play the idol, we won't  play it correctly?  So are we doing correctly?  If everybody's good with that. I’m good with that.  So what do you think?  I think Brendan, because I know they're not going to suspect that at all.  Brendan is not dangerous. He's docile. He's a little annoying.  Tonight Brendan's an option to take out because he does like the play that  leader role. He's like a dad who gives terrible pep talks, which is fine. He can  lead people because the leader never wins. On the other hand, Michael's a  strong guy, and they won't see it coming. I’m thinking about every single  detail, that's what I do, that's what's going to make me a fantastic lawyer. Here's  the deal, we're all safe, knock on wood, as long as we don't do anything  stupid.  The group has decided to take out some big boys in this game. Michael and Brendan.  They're like helpless penguins on a tropical island. And that kind of scares  me, because I’m a big boy, too, but for now I’m just going to go with the  flow, because the Malolo can go no further low-low than the Malolo low. High-fives  all around.  What do you think?  I think it's coming my way.  They're in the going to you.  I feel just as paranoid as you. I feel like they could care less about  strength moving forward. They might want to get out whoever they can.  At least we have an idol.  The question is what do we do with it?  We're in a tough spot. Having said, that we do have one card the play. Which is  the idol we found. But if we're going to pull out the idol tonight, Stephanie  and jen need know in advance, because if they don't, they'll feel like  they're on the outside looking in.  I've got some good news. I just found an idol.  New york you didn't?  Yes, did.  It's in my bag right now.  Shut up!  It's James' original idol from "Survivor" china. We went to 25%  chance. Let's roll the dice.  I was out here meditating for hope.  Let's making something happen.  What I do with this idol completely dictates my future in this game and my  alliances. It's going to be a risk. But I’m in the here to just play an dol  and be safe for a few more days.  We need a whole lot of good luck. The idol is not enough. I’m going to pull  it out in the middle of tribal council, and I’m going to say, I’m playing  this for one of the four of us. Hopefully one person flips, and the four of  us need the vote. Do you agree?  I'm going to write --  let's just attack him.  I think tonight a war between these two groups. We're gunning for Bradley. We  definitely have our work cut out for us when it comes to trying to flip a number  or. Two but I think we might be able to convince people like accept and Chelsea  that they're at the bottom of their alliance. Thebiggest mistake in "Survivor"  history in my opinion is James walking out with two idols. I feel responsible  to end that curse and end that legacy, so even though this is a traditional  immunity idol, I do have a plan up my sleeve tonight  jeff: If you don't already have a torch, go ahead and grab one, approach the  flame, dip it in and get fire. This is part of the ritual at tribal council  because in this game fire represents your life, and when your fire is gone,  so are you. All right. Sebastian, first time coming to tribal. Naviti has the  numbers. It would seem.  Yeah, totally. I mean, it was pretty immediate, the five old Naviti know what  we need to do, and I think we're sticking to it pretty good.  Jeff: Des, if there are five Naviti holding strong and only four Malolo, was  it uncomfortable?  Awkward. That's the only word I can use to describe it. They know one of them  is getting voted out.  Jeff: Stephanie, was there any attempt at trying to infiltrate the Naviti  five?  Absolutely. But Bradley did a great job to make sure he knew where everyone  in his little ahynes was at all times.  Jeff: Bradley, did you sense a little irritation when Stephanie says  "his little alliance."  i've been sensing irritation all day. I can see it from their side, but  that's what we have to do. You know, i've tried the talk to a number of them.  You know, as a babysitter.  Jeff: So Michael, it sounds like it was very tough to find if there was a  crack.  First off, the Naviti five is strong, because they have not had to challenge  their loyalty to each other, but there definitely are people on the bottom in  their five, and it's very apparent that it's Chelsea and Sebastian.  Think about it. It's not hard to see. Bradley is the ringleader. Now, I’m sure  he's made you all feel like it's all of you, it's a big democracy, but if I’m  Sebastian, I’m thinking, wait a second, do you think Bradley wants to take  you further in this game? You're social, you're athletic, there niece chance  in the world that Bradley is taking you that far.  But this is an ahynes of five of us. We all get along. We all like each  other, an we all intend to play this game together.  Congratulations on making him believe that.  Jeff: Sebastian, when you have four people say, I’m telling you what I see,  it's you and Chelsea, is there any part of you that says, huh, that is  interesting?  Yeah, it's interesting, you know.  But, jeff, we knew that they're going to throw spit at the wall, but it's not  going to stick on us right. Now we're not dumb. We know when you're at war  and your side is winning, the claws have to come out. It's an us versus them  mentality.  Jeff: Boy, Desiree, could it be that simple? I’m sorry, but that's how it is.   Yeah, I’m sorry --  i think it could be that simple, but tonight it's not. This is an idol. It's "Survivor:  China." this is James' idol. He walked out of here with two of them. I’m  not going to read the whole story, but James has been cursed for 11 years for  not playing either of his idols. Now it's my responsibility to reverse the  curse and this has double power to save two people tonight. Double immunity. So  I’m playing this for two of the four of us tonight. And I can say unanimously  the four of us, all of our votes are going on Bradley. And if any of you  would like to jump, all it takes is one vote. Two votes is fine. And I hope  that you guys think twice about it.  Jeff: Wow. Bradley.  Yeah, it's tough to hear. I’m a bit surprised as to how I became this big  threat and ringleader, because I don't feel that way. But the did I see that  coming, no?  Jeff: Chelsea, this definitely changes things.  Yeah, I mean, this is "Survivor." you never know what's actually  going on. Yeah, this obviously makes things a little bit different.  I'll say.  Jeff: So Sebastian, is this really just a roll of the dice?  I don't know.  Who would you last longer with?  We people respect big moves. We've made it easy for you to do so. I challenge  you.  I do agree with you.  Chelsea, this is an extended arm to you, as well.  I don't believe if any one of us switched over that we would be able to work  our way in socially to break the bond that the four of them have.  The four of us ar together because we have nobody else to lean on. I’m in the  saying that we're the strongest four, we were forced to come together, and I’m  extending the offer to give you guys an option.  Jeff: So accept, this really is coming down to who has a better read on the  other group. Just basic gut, you know.  You got to play every part of this in your head. You have to consider all the  options. And that's how I’m playing my game.  Jeff: I really think that tonight might be the night that you guys look back  once you're voted out and say, damn, I really wish I would have made that  move.  Jeff: With that, it is time to vote. Kellyn, you're up.  I have never in my life heard a grown man whine and complain as much as you.  I don't know what just happened.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want the play it, now would be the time to do so.  I'm going to play this guy for me and Brendan. Actually, I’m going to lay it  for steph.  Jeff: Okay. This is a hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast for Stephanie will  not count. I'll read the votes. First vote, Bradley. Bradley. Bradley. That's  three votes Bradley. Bradley. Four votes Bradley. Brendan. One vote Brendan. Brendan.  Brendan. That's four votes Bradley, three votes Brendan. Brendan. We're tied.  Four votes Brendan, four broats Bradley, one vote left. Fourth person voted  out of "Survivor: Ghost Island," Brendan. You need to bring me your  torch.  Jenna, Michael, steph, keep pressing. You'll find a way. You'll find a way. Brendan,  the tribe has spoken.  Thanks, jeff.  Jeff: Time for you to go. Well, that was a "Survivor" showdown. Naviti  won this round, but the question is, can this tribe recover so you don't come  back here again? Grab your torch, head back to camp, good night. Captioning funded  by cbs captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," building strong bonds...  As long as she keeps flirting with me, she's staying this this game.  I respect you.  I bonded with Chris. I’m kind of in the middle here.  Jeff: Keep your head above water.  Is she on there?  Jeff: Wow!  I'm bitterly disappointed. The outcome is what we wanted as a group of four. That  happens in life. Sometimes the ball bounces your way, sometimes it doesn't. But  we went out swinging. After 16 years trying to get here, it's a tough pill to  swallow, but it's rare in life that an experience lives up to expectations. This one did. It's been a  thrill, an I’m just is thankful for every minute I spend out here.