<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor," at the Naviti tribe, an alliance  began to form across old tribal lines.  So it's you, me, Wendell.  For sure.  And Donathan.  Jeff: And they had a clear target.  If it was Chris right now, I would make a move on him.  Jeff: The Malolo tribe was facing tribal council, and the minority alliance  felt defeated.  We're in a tough spot.  Jeff: Until Michael offered hope.  I just found an idol. Thebiggest mistake in "Survivor" history is James  walking out with two idols. I feel responsible to end that curse and end that  legacy and play it right this time. Let's make something happen.  Jeff: At tribal council, Michael bluffed about the power of the idol.  This has double power to save two people tonight.  Jeff: And put his plan in motion.  I can say the four of us, all of our votes are going on Bradley, and if any  of you would like to jump, all it takes is one vote.  Jeff: In the end, Michael made the wrong decision.  I'm going to play it for steph.  Jeff: And was unable to reverse the idol's curse. Brendan. Sending his  closest ally home. Brendan, the tribe has spoken.  Thanks, jeff.  Jeff: Well, that was a "Survivor" showdown. Naviti won this round,  but the question is: Can this tribe recover so you don't come back here  again? 16 are left. Who will be voted out tonight? Captioning funded by cbs  what a night.  That was a crazy first tribal council for me.  Crazy, crazy tribal council.  So convinced. I was toast. Tonight was a massive wake-up call. I thought I was  going home. I was sure of it.  I think everybody was fighting for their lives.  Some of us fighting a little more than others. But I couldn't be happier with  the original Naviti. Without them sticking to the plan, i'd be gone. Good lie,  Michael.  That was really all I got. I apologize if I hurt anyone's feelings, but I hope  you can understand from our point of view, I was really trying to do anything  I could.  I think Michael outed himself as a hard player. Up until now, I just thought  he was kind of this fratty bro that liked to hang out with Jenna and Stephanie.  I was dead wrong on that read, and I think every other person on original Naviti  now sees Michael is a huge threat.  Obviously it was a complete toss-up. It was a regular hidden immunity idol. It  could only save one person, and there were four of us, so anyway I played it,  it was going to be a complete shot in the dark.  I appreciate you not being selfish. You could have totally kept that for  yourself.  Yeah. That was brave.  That was very brave.  Tribal didn't go as I had hoped. I was doing the best I could to try save all  four of us by lying about James' idol. It was a gamble. For me in this game  it's my first hard fall.  I'm not sure i'll have trick up my sleeve, so let's stay away.  Let's stay away.  I'm hoping we get the trick up our sleeve next time.  I don't think that I reversed any curse, because I didn't play the idol  right, and I’m still beating myself up for that, but tribal really proved to  me that we are the three on the bottom. So after tonight's vote, I definitely  have my work cut out for me. For me.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Naviti getting your first look at the new Malolo  tribe. Brendan voted out at the last tribal council.  Wow.  Wow. All right. Shall we get to today's reward challenge?  Yeah.  Yes.  Jeff: For today's challenge you're going the leap over a series of tables. You'll  then dismantle a pile of giant sandbags, revealing a lever. You pull the will  every, dropping 16 smaller sandbags. You'll then work together to get those  sandbags to the finish where you will use them to throw at a series of  targets. Spinning them down to revel a flag. First tribe to pop all three  flags wins reward. Want to know what you're playing for?  Yeah.  Yes!  Jeff: It's pretty simple: Coffee and pastries.  Oh, my God.  Oh, my God. Let's go!  Cinnamon rolls.  Jeff: Wow, Domenick, that is a giant reaction.  Food ns scarce. We have fishing gear, but we're really struggling out here,  so anything we can get is huge.  Jeff: Clearly worth playing for. In addition, the winning tribe will send  somebody from the losing tribe to Ghost Island. This showdown continues. Give  you a minute to strategize. We'll get started. All right. Here we go. For reward,  Survivors ready? Go! Up and over the table. Everybody's got to go. Got to get  everybody over.  Come on, guys.  Get up, get up, get up.  All right, muscles, go.  Jeff: You're good, Naviti. Malolo, you're good. Now you've got to dismantle  this pile of very heavy sandbags. You're looking for that lever.  Rip 'em off.  Jeff: These are not easy to move.  Use your legs.  Jeff: Coffee and pastries on the line. Ghost Island at stake.  Middle. There's the lever.  Jeff: Malolo can see the lever. We're neck and neck now.  Get that arm ready, baby.  Get ready the pull that thing and we're running.  Jeff: Once that lever is free, pull it and you'll drop those sandbags. Michael  got it. Pull! You're good. Let's go. It is now Malolo in the lead. Naviti's got  it. You're good. Naviti right behind.  Come on!  Jeff: Two people are collecting the bags now. Everybody else is throwing  them. The better system you have, the faster this is going to go. Right now  this is just chaos. Sapped bags flying everywhere. Got to get 'em all in the  bin. Once you have them all in the bin, you can start shooting. 60 sandbags  total. Stephanie an Jenna for Malolo, Chris and Wendell for Naviti.  Got all of them?  Jeff: Naviti has theirs.  One more, Jenna.  Jeff: It's going to be Chris throwing for Naviti. He's on target out of the  gate. Got to get 'em all in the bin. Now you're good, Malolo. It is Sebastian  throwing for Malolo.  Let's go, c-bass.  Jeff: Chris for Naviti. Chris connects again. You have to hit the target so  they spin to the bottom making that flag pop. Chris pops the first flag. Super  fast. Right away Chris is on fire for Naviti. Sebastian trying to get in. Not  even close.  Slow and steady, baby. You got it.  Jeff: Chris, he has got some velocity. Chris pops the second flag. He's working  on the third.  You got it, Chris.  Jeff: Chris making it look easy while Sebastian struggles. It is an amazing  display of an arm. Chris is making this a blowout. And this is it. It is  over. Naviti wins reward, coffee and pastries in a blowout thanks to the arm.   If there's chocolate, I get it.  Jeff: Wow. So Chris, obviously you have a background in sports.  I did used to toss the rock a little back in my prime.  Jeff: Which means what?  I used to play baseball back in college, and I pitched.  Jeff: Nice effort. The result is a blowout for Naviti, and it results in a  nice reward, coffee and pastries going back the camp with you. In addition,  you're now sending somebody from Malolo to Ghost Island. Who are you going to  send?  Rocks?  Rocks.  Jeff: Instant. Rocks it is. Don't look. There is one white rock. White goes  to Ghost Island. Sebastian gets what's left, truly leaving it up to chance. All  right. Put your palms out. Everybody reveal. Stephanie has the white rock. Stephanie,  grab your stuff. The boat will take you to Ghost Island. You will return back  to your camp in time for the next immunity challenge.  Good-bye, guys.  Jeff: Naviti, nice job. Come get your reward. Enjoy it.  I called the chocolate.  Jeff: Well earned. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. Malolo, got nothing  for you. Grab your stuff, head back to camp.  This was just me being me. I guess it's fair to say I was pretty hot today. I’m  like a diamond in the rough. Do you see me glow? This ain't pay-per-view. It's  a free show. I’m still shooting them all day, free throw. Mic drop.  I almost cried that I had to go the Ghost Island. Right now I am at the very  bottom with Michael and Jenna in our Malolo tribe. That worries me a little  being out here and being segregated from my group. The game of "Survivor,"  24 hours can mean everything. However, I truly believe everything happens for  a reason. Here we go. And miguel on Ghost Island is to twist this game around  and hopefully get an advantage. There we go. Okay. All right. What do we got  here? What? Nope, not today? No game for me? Dammit, I needed it. Dammit. When  I got the message that I’m not playing a game out here, I’m going to be  honest, my heart sunk quite a bit. But when I have moments, when it have to  be brave and I can show my kids in the world that I can do everything alone,  those are the moments when I take a deep breath and soak in the strength that  I do have, because I fifth amendment unhappy before in life, and that's why I  left the mormon religion and got divorced all in the span of six months. That's  when I realized my true inner strength and that I believe in myself  regardless of if anybody else does. And that's true strength in life. Now, as  a single mom, I only have myself to rely on, and I want to channel that inner  strength, because I’m ready to go back out there and kick some ass with clear  vision and a clear mind.  You all ready to rock or what?  Yes.  I would like the chocolate, but if people want to split it, I’m more than  happy to do that, too.  Let's put it in real quick. Three-peat on three, one, two, three...  Three-peat!  Chris scored that big win. We have now won back-to-back-to-back challenges.  Dig in, guys.  They must be crushed right now.  Crushed.  He's a physical asset, plus Chris has shown a much bigger willingness to  actually work with us Malolo before. So having Chris on our side means that  basically now we are the ones calling all the shots.  First cup.  Oh, man. My God. Some muscle over here. We did our job, let's enjoy the  afternoon coffee.  Yeah.  At first I was ecstatic that we won, but then those items made me really  think of home. It reminded me of my mom an my grandmother.  You want company?  Yeah, you can sit down.  Okay. I’m not sure.  Yeah, of course. I love it.  That coffee and the stuff really hit home today.  Yeah?  It's like home for me. I actually take care of my grandmother. She had two  strokes. And I just had that on my mind today.  I'm so sorry to hear that.  I feel guilty sometimes coming out here.  Why?  Because I know it's more on my mom.  Imagine sitting on the couch watching this, though.  I know.  They're going to be so proud of you.  My life right now is my grandmother. She's been sick. My mother as well is  disabled, so being out here, you kind of feel guilty in a way. I did leave  them. I know it's a lot on my mom. A lot of my family don't want to pitch in  and help. I’m not a coffee drinker, but knowing that's what they enjoy,  having that little bit of home.  You're a sweetheart. You don't have to feel bad about that.  I trust you enough to tell you.  Oh, my gosh, yeah.  I could see Donathan was a little upset, so I saw that as an opportunity to  reach out to him, because, you know, we've probably talked the least out of  the four Malolos. You know what, man, I know you've got something going on. This  is really the only moment we had together.  It's rough. This is the longest i've ever been without my mom and my family.  My mom's in an assisted living home, been in there for like seven, eight  years, so i've had to go down there, you know, take care of her. When I was  15, I was feeding her medications, carrying her to the bathroom. You want to  be a teenager. You want to be a young adult, but at the same time, you have  to sacrifice certain things to take care of the loved one that took care of  you. I was telling him about my mom, because I felt like it was a good way to  relate and to connect and build true relationships and bonds, you know, as a  kid I didn't understand a lot of it as a child. It's frustrating and it was  tough. But, you know, the minute my mom was told she had two months to live,  i'll never forget that day, I was 17. I told myself I had to become a better  man.  To hear his story of him having to steph up to the plate kind of like I did,  you know, you can't help but relate to that and have a heart for it. I've lived  it myself.  It takes a lot of courage and sacrifice to sacrifice what you're doing. I respect  you for that.  Laurel is really wanting to work with Wendell to get out Chris. I want to be  there for Laurel, but I have definitely bonded closer with Chris. I’m kind of  in the middle here being pulled back and forth. I have to make a decision  that's best for me. This is the time I have to start thinking about Donathan.   Jeff: Come on in, guys. We'll now bring in Stephanie returning from Ghost  Island.  Hi, family.  Jeff: All right. You guys ready to get to today's immunity challenge?  Yeah.  Jeff: First things first, take back the immunity idol.  There you go.  Jeff: Once again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're  going to race out across a floating bring carrying a body board attached to a  rope. You'll grab a bag and then hang on as the rest of your tribe will crank  a giant wheel, pulling you back to shore. Once you have all three bags,  you'll use the numbered tiles inside to solve a combination lock releasing a  key. You'll use that key to unlock a slide puzzle. First tribe the finish  their puzzle wins immunity, safe from the vote. Losers tribal council where  somebody will be the fifth person voted out of this game. Give you a minute  to strategize. You'll -- we'll get started. All right. Hoar we go, for  immunity, Survivors ready? Go!  Go, Wendell.  Jeff: It's Wendell for Naviti, Chelsea for Malolo. You're going the race out  with that body board. Got to do some rope management.  Way to go, Wendell. Keep it up.  Let's go, Chelsea.  You got it, chels.  Jeff: Your job is to get it out, and your tribe is going to pull you back. Wendell  in the early lead, but Chelsea right on his tail.  You got this, chels.  Jeff: Wendell untying his bag.  Yeah, Wendell.  Jeff: He's got it. You're going to do a little "Survivor: Ghost Island."  ing now. Wendell in the water. He's ready to go. Naviti starts to crank. There  goes Wendell. That is how you do it.  Go, go, go!  Jeff: Wendell is now back. Chelsea's got her bag. She's in the water. Malolo starting  to crank. That there goes Chelsea.  Let's gosh, Chelsea.  Jeff: Wendell racing back with first bag for Naviti. Go, Naviti. Chelsea's back.   Let's go, chels.  Jeff: Go, Malolo. Here comes Desiree. Naviti with a quick lead.  Take your time.  Jeff: Go, lib.  Jeff: Now Libby is slowing down on the bridge. That opens the door for Malolo.   Keep it up, guys.  Jeff: Desiree is whipping across this bridge now. Libby has blown the lead  that Naviti had out of the gate. Both women get back about the same time. Both  start untying. Naviti and Malolo ready to pull.  Hold on tight, Libby.  Jeff: Libby now is in the water. She's back in the lead. Naviti starts  pulling her.  You got this, des.  Jeff: Desiree loses the board.  She's under water.  Come on, baby.  Jeff: Is she on there? Can she hang on underwater? Wow! Lib owe's back. Desiree  hanging on. That is the "Survivor" ride right there. We are neck  and neck right now in, in challenge. Go, Wendell. Wendell back in the water  for Naviti. Desiree, go, it's going to be Chelsea again. Wendell makes his  second run. Chelsea makes her second run. Both people are now wingsded.  Keep it up, Chelsea.  You got in, chels.  Keep it up, web Wendell. You're good.  Jeff: Wendell's back untying this third bag.  I got this guys, don't worry.  Jeff: Chelsea slowing down. Chelsea now falls in. That is an opening for Naviti.  Wendell's got it. And Chelsea's back up.  Everything you got.  Jeff: Wendell's ready. Naviti starts pulling.  Now. Pull, pull!  Jeff: James, Domenick and Chris and Laurel doing a great job. Wendell's now  back with that third bag. Go, Naviti. They can start working on their  combination lock now.  Let's go, Chelsea!  Jeff: Chelsea's got her bag. She's in the water.  Go, go!  Jeff: Chelsea's in the water now. She's getting pulled sideways. She's upside  down and loses the board.  Stop.  Jeff: Another setback for Malolo.  You're all right, Chelsea.  Jeff: James and Domenick working on that combination lock.  You got this. Come on.  Jeff: Naviti with a huge lead right now.  Come on, Chelsea, keep it up.  Jeff: Chelsea's back! Chelsea's got some time to make up. Domenick and James  still working on that combination lock. Big time advantage, but they have not  been able to capitalize. It is Kellyn and Bradley quickly working to catch  up. Huge effort from both tribes so far.  27-36...  Jeff: Domenick and James, there they go. Domenick and James have it. They can  unlock the slide puzzle. Naviti has a key. They have to get that lock open. They've  got it. They can start working on their puzzle.  36-27-18.  Jeff: Get that n up there.  Jeff: Kellyn and Bradley have the combination solved.  Ghost Island, Ghost Island.  Jeff: It would be a big comeback for Malolo after a big setback on the body  board.  Yes, yes. Yes!  Jeff: They can start working on their puzzle. Once again we're back even. Bradley  and Kellyn, James and Domenick, side by side, for immunity.  Bring the n over.  Jeff: Slide puzzles are notorious for looking like you're close, but as in  "Survivor" fan knows, a puzzle is not over until every piece is in  its place.  You guys got it. Let's go.  Pull those down.  Slide 'em down nice and easy.  Got to get that h over, guys.  Jeff: Bradley and Kellyn not panicking.  That's all the way at the end. They continue to move slowly and methodically.   Keep that o in there. Keep that o up.  Bring the a up so you can bring the d over.  Jeff: A lot ofen joy on Naviti. Domenick seems to have a flow going, barking  out orders, but James thinks he knows better.  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Get the I up, guys. Nice, nice.  Jeff: Bradley and Kellyn starting to make some progress.  We just need one of the ss.  Keep doing what you're doing.  Get the n down.  Jeff: Naviti really getting in on it. They feel like they are close.  There it is! They think they've got it.  Slam it.  Jeff: Naviti does. Naviti wins immunity, sending Malolo back to tribal  council.  We did it.  We got the puzzle!  Oh, my God!  Jeff: Naviti, once again immunity is yours.  Thank you, jeff.  Jeff: All right, Naviti, no tribal council tonight. Nobody going home from  your tribe. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. Kellyn, if it's anything, you  are expressive. You can tell how you're feeling just by looking at you. Your head  has been down since the moment you lost.  Jeff, I feel like I really let everyone down that's standing around me, and I  just wish I could have pulled it out and it's just not what we wanted to do  to go back to tribal tonight, but, you know, that's "Survivor."  jeff: And yet Michael, december points Naviti people taking responsibility  for the loss, let's cut to the chase, is it going to be one of the Malolo  tonight? Do you think you, Stephanie, and Jenna are the ones in trouble?  Sure, yeah. I mean, there's not really a lot of hope for us. I'd love to stay  as strong as we can, but the reality of it is two of us are going to come out  of tribal tonight still in the game and we're going to have to figure out  what to do today.  Jeff: All right, Malolo, grab your stuff, head back to camp. See you tonight  where somebody will be the fifth person voted out of "Survivor: Ghost  Island."  losing today's immunity challenge, I felt really disappointed in myself that  I couldn't pull it out for the team, but unless the original Malolo pull some  sort of trick out of their bag like they did last tribal council, either Stephanie,  Michael or Jenna are going home.  I hate lose, you guys.  I do, too.  I do, too.  It's not going to get any easier.  No.  Losing this immunity challenge today is devastating. I’m definitely backed  into a coorner right now. I’m one of three options essentially of who goes  home tonight. I think it's all going to be an understanding that it's every  man for themselves. I really would not like to see steph or Jenna go, but I’m  prepared to write down either of their names tonight.  I was thinking Jenna. I'd like the split up those two girls.  What do you think is right? I’m okay. That would be my vote.  Seems like a good argument to me.  Going to tribal is going to be miserable.  Uh-huh.  There's no question that the five Naviti have control of the game. They're not  willing to budge. They're all just playing it safe. So it's 100% a individual  game at this point. And I’m just trying to think of a strategy best for  myself. This game you have to be likable. You have to be -- people have to  want to be around you, so i've been trying my best, but unfortunately I always  have this blank almost angry look on my face, so it's hard for me to switch  off the defensive bitchy look. That's where I go.  Does your hair still smell good?  The faintest bit of good.  Uh, like dead weasel.  So I want the try to work my way in with Sebastian. I need to put my little  wall aside. I’m hoping that it will protect me.  Want me to braid your hair?  You said you don't know how to braid hair.  I braid hair in the craziest braids you've ever seen.  B.s.  I'll move it to you.  Jenna is in a tough spot, and I need braiders in this tribe or i'll be a single  dread instead of one tiny dread. So as long as she keeps flirting with me,  that's cool, I’m not opposed to her staying in this game.  She's more strategic.  But she's actually playing the game. Jenna is not really playing.  I agree with you.  Whatever y'all feel.  I think we got to put steph up.  Everybody had changed their mind. They think we need to vote for Stephanie.  I don't know how I feel about it. But if everyone wants to switch to Stephanie,  i'll switch.  I know I turned into a crazy person, but if you keep me around and use me,  and I know the numbers.  I appreciate that, but if you can --  i'll see what I can do.  If you can do anything.  I'll mean it, because I would like the play this game with you.  I'm sorry.  Pin somebody else this time.  I'm sorry.  With Bradley, I just have to suck it up and smile and bat my eyes at him,  because getting to the end in this game is everything to me. I have two  children that I’m supporting. I have been envisioning getting that $1 million  check at the reunion check and just running down and picking my kids up and  then screaming because their mom just won "Survivor." it blows my  mind thinking about that moment, because I’m only 25 days from it, and I’m so  close and I want it so bad for all of us. I just have to keep my head in the  game.  I think you can't trust him at all.  No. He's smart.  And you also can't trust Stephanie, but Jenna is practically harmless and  will do whatever Sebastian says.  Michael.  I'm helpless tonight. If you want me out. I’m gone. If you see the value in  keeping me, I think there is a lot to it, then...  We can't keep losing.  Right.  Even if it's just keeping me ash for the challenges and if I haven't proven  my loyalty, then vote me out. But I’m going the prove my loyalty, and i'll  win some challenges, so I think it's a win-win.  I think so.  You understand I feel like --  i'm on the same page with you. For sure.  Because I promise you, man, I’m locked and loyal. I’m doing the best I can to  smooth things over, especially toward Bradley, but you never really truly  know what anybody is thinking. I might not even stand a chance. I've given,  you know, my best and some. I've been playing the game i've been waiting to  play for ten years. And i'd never forgive myself if I didn't try my hardest. You  know, I am only 18, and this game, it's the best experience in my life so  far. And the fact that it does seem like my options are very limited, it's  hard. It's frustrating. I've always been an independent person, and somebody  that wanted for for myself. To move away from my family at a young age and to  come out here and play, you know, this crazy game, for me I just want to  accomplish things as young as I can and I really want it.  We have a few minutes, but we have to decide fast.  Is that what we want?  Stephanie is the biggest risk to vote for, because she went to Ghost Island  and might have something.  Who do you want to vote for, Michael? Jenna?  I don't know what happened on Ghost Island while Stephanie was there, so I don't  know what she could have. But I’m starting to think nothing really happened,  because I looked through her bag, and there was nothing in her bag. So I don't  know where she could have put it, but she may have got that advantage. I’m not  sure.  You sure?  Yep.  As we go into tribal council tonight, there's 100 different variables that go  through your head, and so you have to weigh which person you can trust the  most, which person you think is the most dangerous, and who is the least  threat to my own game. But fortunately for us, we've got the numbers. We are  in control, and we're going to call the shots.  Jeff: So Kellyn, when we left the challenge, it seemed pretty clear that it  was either going to be Stephanie, Jenna, or Michael going home tonight. Is that  still the feeling?  Yeah. It was a busy afternoon, and to say that we've had the same idea for  the same person all day would not with the truth. And I think that is the  beauty of "Survivor" and then also what makes it so painful for the  person who's or torch gets snuff because it may have been one sentence that  one of us said that changed our collective, and that's going to make all the  difference tonight.  Jeff: Man, I’m looking at the three faces hearing that. Stephanie, one  sentence. One comment could be the difference.  It kind of is a helpless feeling. I was on Ghost Island, so that scares me of  what did I miss while I was gone, because a lot can happen in one night when  you're away from your tribe.  Jeff: Bradley, was there any concern that Stephanie's visit to ghesã¡ island  resultedded in something that could change the vote tonight?  Yeah, absolutely. It would be foolish not to be concerned at all. Did she  play the game, didn't she play the game? I don't know. But the way you have  to operate going into tonight's vote is that she potentially got an  advantage.  Jeff: So does that help you, Stephanie, or does it hurt you if they think you  might have an advantage?  That could go both ways depending on what the advantage is if I played. There's  a lot of ifs in there.  Jeff: Sebastian, one of the tough things about "Survivor" is you  really don't know what the truth is until it's finally revealed.  Yeah. You really can't get to the bottom of it. Like we learned last tribal,  but right now it's pretty simple, jeff. We got to get rid of the last three  of our non-alliance.  Can I chime in?  I think that when the merge comes, you want to have the up side of the  numbers. The way I see that happening is winning these next several  challenges, and I would be your best bet winning those challenges and making  it to the merge with the right side of the numbers.  Kellyn, what Michael I think is pointing out, if that's all you're looking to  do is win the 5-3, you've won. But if you're trying to get to the end and you  continue to vote out strong people, is that the move of a smart five?  It does feel like we're on a bit of a snowball downhill as challenges go, but  there are so many different ways to look at what strength is in this game.  Jeff: Bradley, Kellyn says there are a lot of ways to look at strength. Michael  certainly displayed some strategic ability at the last tribal, which has  toã§ã³ put you a little on edge.  Absolutely. I walked into last tribal and I didn't think I would be an inch  from my "Survivor" life. There was a good chunk of time I thought I  was going home some it's a fair arguement to say after what he pulled at the  last tribal, especially toward me, that the first thing I want to do is to  get rid of him immediately.  Look. My alliance with Jenna, steph, and Brendan was real, and I was doing  everything I possibly could, utilizing the idol I had found, telling a few  lies in the process to try to get my alliance to where we needed to go. Now I  have to make a change, but I’m looking to show you guys the same kind of  respected that I did my original alliance.  Jeff: So Stephanie, if it's one of the three of you, what is this "Survivor"  journey about? Why do you need to stay?  I want to be here because this is my dream, and i've been wanting to live  this out for so many years. Every time we come to tribal, which has been  quite a bit, it gets harder, because you're within grasp of that being taken  away from you, and I just want to keep on having opportunities to grow in  this game personally and to experience everything there is to experience that  i've been watching for all these years.  Jeff: And if it's over, what about this will be unfulfilled?  That question hits me to the core, because I feel like I’m playing this for  my kids, and this is my game and this is my time, but they're so close to my  heart, and I don't have fear of letting anybody else down in life except for  them. But I’m not ready to go. I really feel like some of these relationships  that i've been building with Malolo an with Naviti are very real, and there's  a lot of game left, and I have a lot of game left in me.  Jeff: Jenna, how about for you? What do you think drew you to "Survivor"?   For me, I have always had this front up. I always put up this face like I don't  want to be approached. I don't want to be vulnerable. I don't want the let  people in when I know they're going to have to vote me out. That's always in  the back of my head. It's hard because I want to make relationships. I’m trying  my hardest. I know i've come a long way. This game will force me to come out  of the shell even more, but moving forward, I hope I don't fit the category  of what they're looking to vote out tonight.  Jeff: Sebastian, when you take away the purple color and orange, just listen  to Jenna speak, she's trying to get better at relationships and she's picked  the most difficult game. It's got to be hard to write Jenna's name down.  It crushes me to write anyone's name down. I appreciate that. But there are  multiple angles for everything.  Jeff: Michael, what does "Survivor" represent to you?  "Survivor" is a life long fandom for me. It's something i've  watched since I was 13 years old. Everybody comes out here pictures their  perfect game and then getting to the end. To have my game go differently than  I expected is really hard. But I feel like i've been able to convey that I am  being authentic, and I’m playing the best game that I can and trying to show  everybody loyalty and go far in this game.  Jeff: Des, was there a clear purpose among the Naviti five of who to take out  and the reason why to take them out?  Definitely. There's always a good reason to take out someone. You just have  to find the reason. And I think tonight we found the reason to take out one  of the three. And it's a good reason. And it will show in the future.  Jeff: Okay. It is time to vote. Chelsea, you're up. I'll go tally the votes. If  anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want the play it, now would be the  time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are read, the decision is final. The person  voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area immediately. I'll read  the votes. First vote Desiree. Steph. Steph. That's two votes Stephanie. Stephanie.  That's three votes Stephanie. Stephanie. That's four votes Stephanie, one  vose Desiree. Fifth person voted out of "Survivor," Stephanie. That's  five. That's enough. You need to bring me your torch. Stephanie, the tribe  has spoken. Time for you to go. Well, the Naviti five keeps winning as an  alliance and losing as a tribe. Something's got to give. Grab your torches. Head  back to camp. Good night. Captioning funded by cbs captioned by media access  group at wgbh .  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," the battle lines are drawn.  Domenick and Chris both want to kill each other.  Jeff: The targets are clear.  I worry that I’m going to be next one to go.  Jeff: But a bomb goes off. Drop your buffs. Brand-new start the "Survivor:  Ghost Island."  why, jeff, why do you have to do this?  I've within waiting 36 seasons to play this game and to go out fifth and not  be able to have the full experience breaks my heart. But i've absolutely  played the best game I could. I played hard, and I still believe in myself  and ultimately I’m going to go home to family that I know will be proud of  me.