<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor," at the Naviti tribe, there was a  warãi between Chris and Domenick.  Those two are definitely like butting heads.  Jeff: And the original Naviti were turning on each other.  My own family slit my throat.  Obviously they're trying to take me out if they're trying to take you out.  Right. The Malolo tribe was facing tribal council. And the original Naviti  were a united front against Jenna, Michael, and Stephanie.  Fortunately for us we have the numbers, we're in control, and we're going to  call the shots.  Jeff: At tribal council, the Naviti alliance stayed strong. Stephanie, the  tribe has spoken. Leaving Michael and Jenna fighting to stay alive. 15 are  left. Who will be voted out tonight. Come on in, guys! Naviti getting your  first look at the new Malolo tribe. Stephanie voted out at the last tribal  council. All right. So Naviti has been on a winning streak. Malolo on a  losing streak. Let's see what happens now. Everybody drop your buffs. We are  switching tribes. Toss 'em out.  Oh, man.  Jeff: Michael, how are you feeling right now? You guys have been on a losing  streak, and this is not good for anybody, regardless your your alliance.  From a game point of view, it's my saving grace. Us Malolo were down on the  numbers from the original tribe swap. Now that things are getting shaken up  again, it looks like maybe a bright light at the end of a tunnel for me and Jenna.   Jeff: James, what's happening right now, from a game point of view?  I think we've all survived this so-called first phase of the game. From now  on it's a race to the merge and beyond, and what happens today could be  really critical in everyone's game play.  Jeff: All right. Shall we get to it?  Yes.  We have no choice.  Jeff: New buffs. Don't open. Wait for me.  Why, jeff? Why do you have to do this? Depending on the buff I pick up, I could  be in trouble. So I’m just praying that fate does its part and has my back. You  know, fate a homie. That's what I’m bringing.  That's left for you, Domenick. All right. Everybody reveal your buffs, see  what tribe you're on.  Please.  Ma'am mall.  Naviti.  Jeff: And you will soon discover there's a third color.  Green.  Jeff: We're switching from two tribes to three tribes.  Whoa.  Jeff: If you have purple, head to purple. If you have orange, go to orange,  and if you're green, go in the middle.  You have purple?  What's going on?  Nice to meet you.  Nice to meet you.  Great to see you.  I've been hearing about the lodge.  Good luck, guys.  That son of a bitch Chris was after me, so getting away from him was a  relief. For the first time the ball is in my court. I can decide which way  this game goes.  Jeff: Wow, this is a flip-flop. There are three original Naviti and two  original Malolo on all three tribes. Bradley, at this point it's really tough  to rely on purple or orange, because now there's been enough interconnecting  between people that you don't know where anybody really stands.  Yeah, I mean, I still think that's the question. Do the original divisions  stand, or are there new things happening? I don't know. I look forward the  finding out about it and seeing where everybody stands.  Jeff: Donathan, is this good for you, bad for you, or is it neutral at this  point?  Hell, I don't know, jeff. You know, i've never met these people before. I look  forward to seeing what they're all about. We got three Naviti 2.0s here and  two original Malolos. Are these guys going to stay or me and Libby kind of, I  just don't know what's going to happen, man.  Jeff: Sebastian, one of the things that comes with a iew tribe, new beach,  new shelter.  Yeah, man, you have to start over, start from scratch. But I think we have  some strength on our hands. I don't think it will be a problem, jeff.  Here's the fact, in "Survivor," turning points are where the strong  players shine and the weak players fade. And regardless how you're feeling  right now, your odds of getting to the end with only 15 people left are  better now than they were when the game started. So hang on to that. Brand-new  start to "Survivor: Ghost Island." tribe name, a map to your new  home. Head out down the beach. Good luck starting your new shelter. Naviti, Malolo,  grab your stuff. Head back to camp.  The swap isn't the best that i'd hoped for, but even though I am still down  in numbers, this might be the start of something new for me. I need to make  the most of this opportunity, and that's what I intend to do.  Hell, yeah, guys.  Home sweet home. Fishing gear.  I don't think we're going the lose. We got skills in every category.  Every category.  I want the talk to you. I have a new apartment.  We got you covered.  It's a little bit of a shock knowing you're going to have to start from  scratch, but i've been on a losing tribe, so I want to know what it feels  like to win reward, have some food, not have to go back the tribal every  night. I think the fresh start is perfect timing and I’m excited about it.  C bass, I have something for you.  Shut up, you saved it, dude?  I knew we were going to come back together, man. It smells horrendous.  That's the perfect shell. I found it when it was alive.  I'm big into collecting little reminders. That's why I wear my necklaces  every day. I've been saving this gorgeous conch shell I found at old Naviti. Wendell  had the heart to drag that out here in his back reeking of dead conch. Wendell,  I love you, man. I haven't spent much time with Wendell because he was always  buddy buddy with Domenick. He's been that buddy that wasn't my buddy, and he  knows who I am, and i've barely met him. That's pretty cool.  I'm happy to go to the merge. I’m happy we're off that island. You were next  to the wrong person at the wrong time.  This I know.  It's a new day, bro.  I was so ready to drop my buff, because I felt myself trying somehow to  manage two giant egos, Domenick and Chris, who both want to kill each other,  and I’m a little sad I’m not going to be with my boy dom, but I was excited  to see that Chris andry on another team together. He's a beast of an atlead  with an extremely winning track record out here. Now, when it comes to me  having to hear Chris brag and boast and all these things, I don't love that  at all.  So laura, you're a volleyball player?  Yeah.  I played some beach volleyball. I played some beach volleyball in cocoa a  couple years ago. I played and won in chicago and our team won the tourney. When  you're a big athletic guy and charismatic like I am, I won't lie to you. It's  exhausting. Some people can just sit around and just chill and let the game  evolve, where I’m sitting here having to think ahead and develop this bond  and that bond, because I have an x on my back from day one. &gt;&gt;i look at  myself as my own entrepreneur, I haven't though I’m not investing in a  million things right now, I see myself investing in me.  I can see you as a motivational speaker.  It's tough biting my tongue around Chris. He's a guy that likes to hear  himself talk, but i've been put in a bunch of different situation, and I found  a way to fit in and get along in every one. And I think that's a skill that I  have is fitting in with the people that I’m around and kind of being what  they need me to be.  I actually do model.  Oh, you model?  I haven't told anybody. Actually, I toll Libby that I used to model.  But you still do?  Yeah. I’m hesitant to tell people that I model because for some crazy reason  people think that models might be self-absorbed, they might be dumb, just a  lot of things that might not be beneficial to me in a tribe setting. You know,  I don't tell people, but I’m signed in miami and chicago and new york.  Of course you are.  I I think he thought he was going to blow my mind that he's a model. But that  doesn't matter to me. Jock, model, personal trainer, whatever he, is it's  nice to have him because he's a competitor. He wants to win so badly, he's  good to have around, but the tribe is starting to get rubbed the wrong way  about Chris.  I don't know how I feel about Chris.  It's hard for me the bite my tongue.  It gets old.  Yeah.  I think for us it's fine to let him do his thing, let him dig his own grave,  as long as we keep winning, I think we're happy to just smile and nod and go  along with it. But in the event that we do lose, I think that Chris is in for  a world of trouble.  Oh, dude.  Well, I’m happy with this five. I think we're going to do well.  We have a mix of all different skill sets I think.  Yeah. So we have a pretty good shot at doing this.  Right to the merge, baby.  Right to the merge.  To have to switch up the tribes again, it's crazy. But it's all good. I have  my former tribe, Naviti. We're five strong and we were sticking to it, voting  out Malolo one by one. And now me, ang and Kellyn still have the numbers,  3-2. The only question mark is Angela. She's been on the same tribe with James  for a while now, so I don't know what she's thinking. So there was not like a  tribe battle. There was more internal Chris and dom battle.  Basically, Wendell and Domenick came to us and said, we need to get Angela  out, she's Chris's right-hand person, she's dangerous. So Domenick, Morgan,  and Wendell voted for Angela, and that gave Malolo the numbers to vote out Morgan.   Turns out dom and Chris couldn't take a deep beth, get a long for a few votes  and keep and a Naviti strong. Instead they tried to vote out Angela, and I started  to get this feeling in my stomach, like this could be trouble. So then we get  back to camp. I’m two shades of pissed off.  When I saw it was just me and James versus three Naviti, I was worried, that  you know, I would be the next one to go, but now I find out Angela got  stabbed in the back by her own tribe and she's pissed off.  Basically I’m here because of Malolo, not because of my own family, it was  because you guys saved me. But it's a new day.  It's a new day.  A new day, a new tribe.  This is huge. There are definitely cracks in the Naviti group, and Angela has  already been screwed once by them, so she's maybe somebody that James and I can  work with.  Well, buddy, it is good to see you.  Dude, i've been on the hot seat non-stop.  That sounds like hell tribal. What's your read on Kellyn and des?  They are unbreakable. I promise you. Dude, wow would not believe how truly  tight the five was. Like we were pitching a hard case and they did not even  waiver.  This was bad swap for me. Not only am I back on the bottom, but also I’m not  that close with Michael. The fact of the matter is he did write my name down  in the second tribal council. However, I think, you know, like we're still on  the same page, because we're the only two Malolo. So we need to work  together. I think he knows that.  What's your read on Angela? Is she tight with them?  So, the thing, is us old Malolo four literally saved her, and so hopefully  like she does feel endebted to us. But we'll have our work cut out for us for  sure.  Yeah.  All right. Welcome home, guys.  You wouldn't even believe the squalor.  Coming back to the Naviti beach is like going to a resort after you've been  in the slum.  We have coconut, rice left, coffee.  There's pillow, there's blankets. There's cough feature. It felt like we won  a reward.  Couldn't be happier right now. From a strategic game standpoint, dom is a  good ally. Chelsea has been voting with me. So old Naviti has the advantage,  three of us, two of them, but there is a lot of unknown coming to this beach.   Never knew a cup of coffee could mean so much.  Do you have tears? You look like you have tears?  It's like home.  Jeff: It tastes like home.  Oh, Chelsea.  The last couple days at the Malolo camp, we had not been eating hardly at  all. We had lost four challenges in a row. I was completely drained. Coming back  here, having such an amazing camp and having that cup of coffee gave me a  sense of home and it made me feel like I had the energy to keep fighting out  here.  You see an occasional smile from me, just know that I’m having a moment of  relief today to not have Chris on my tail. Somehow it's just nice. I really  feel like for the first time I can just let my hair down. For the first time  in this game I have this weight off my shoulders of having Chris breathing  down my neck and telling everyone, get rid of dom, get rid of dom. You have  to see the piece of crap I made. It's a shell on a string.  There's a possibility he still believes it's real. I feel like I’m not on  defense anymore. And I’m actually in a spot where I have control at the  moment, because there's three original Naviti, and I feel safe with Donathan.  We're together. But at the same time, they could play me just like I was  played the first time. So no more training wheels out here. It's time to get  dirty. Libby is a devil in an angel's body. Libby is out for blood. Who does  she think she's dealing with? I know exactly the game she's playing.  I'll come sit by you.  Every time I try to have a conversation with her, she doesn't give me  anything solid. She's got to go almost as bad as Chris has to go.  So how are you and Donathan with Libby?  Libby will cut your throat in a minute.  Libby has a seductive power.  She's got the southern belle charm.  She's pavarti2.0.  Dom warned me, don't trust Libby, she's really dangerous. I think if we go to  striebl council, Libby is the strategically better option to get rid of.  As long as we're tight, we'll get Chelsea.  You don't have to worry about a thing.  You're my closest ally out here. It's fantastic reconnecting with dom. We're back  on the same page, and it feels great. In terms of this game, maybe I’m better  than I thought I was. I thought I was fantastic, but maybe I am as fantastic  as I think because I feel like I’m playing an a-plus game.  Jeff: Come on in, guys.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to your first  immunity challenge as new tribes?  Yeah.  Jeff: First things first, Libby. I'll take back the idol. Thank you. This idol  is no moore because now two tribes are fighting for immunity. Two tribes will  be safe from the vote. Shall we get to it?  Yeah.  Jeff: For today's challenge, one person will be your caller. The rest of the  tribe will be blindfolded. Using only verbal commands, the caller will lead  the blindfolded pairs to retrieve three bags of puzzle pieces. Once you have  all three bags, the caller will then lead one pair of blindfolded tribe  members to solve the puzzle. The first two tribes to get their puzzle  finished win immunity, safe from the vote. Losers tribal council where  somebody will be the sixth person voted out of "Survivor: Ghost Island."  i'll give you a minute to strategize. We'll get started. All right. Hoar we  go. For immunity, Survivors ready? Go.  Stay together.  Guys, stay together.  Don't go diagonal. Go straight.  We have Desiree calling for Malolo.  Move faster.  Jeff: Wendell calling for yanua. And Domenick calling for Naviti.  Straight, straight, straight, straight, straight.  Jeff: Who will communicate the best with their two pairs? That is what this  challenge is all about.  Laurel, Laurel, straight up. Reach up, reach up.  Jeff: Laurel working on that first bag.  Can you feel it?  I got it, I got it.  Jeff: Kellyn working on her first bag.  Let's go.  Chelsea, turn right, turn right. Straight, straight. Right there. Get under. Chelsea,  go under.  You're right there. Michael and James.  Jeff: Michael working on a bag for Malolo. Kellyn releases that first bag.  Come to my voice. Unhook it. Donathan and Chelsea working on a bag for Naviti.   That's our bag. That is our bag.  Donathan, no.  Why is he hollering.  That is our bag. Come on.  Jeff: There is now a fight over the bags. Chelsea has her hands on it. Michael  has his hands on it. We have two pairs from opposite tribes fighting over the  same bag. Somebody is right, somebody is wrong.  Chelsea, let go.  That's our bag, that's our bag.  Jeff: Chelsea and Donathan let that bag go.  Chelsea, turn around, go back under, make a right.  Come here to, my voice.  Jeff: Angela and Kellyn back with their first bag.  Right there. Shift right. Shift right. You got it. Go.  Go for the third one.  Jeff: Malolo has their second bag. Michael and James heading for that third  bag.  There it is. There it is.  Wendell, where are you?  Right here, right here, right here. Now go back to your right.  Shift left, to your left!  Jeff: Naviti still empty with no bags. It is Malolo with two bags.  Go straight, Michael. Yanua with one bag.  To your left, c bass.  Jeff: And Naviti with absolutely nothing as Chelsea and Donathan now have a  bag for Naviti.  Under, Donathan, under. Right there. Get under.  Jeff: Libby and Bradley have their second bag for Naviti.  Come on, Bradley.  Chris, five steps back. Laurel, Laurel, to the right. Hard right, Laurel.  Hold on. I’m lost.  Wendell?  Jeff: Sebastian and Chris looking for guidance. Stuck out in the middle  novemberwhere searching.  Chris, behind you. Right there.  Go to your left! At your feet. At your feet. Right there. Right there. Grab it.   Jeff: Mikele with a big fall. He starts digging for Malolo.  Bradley, follow my voice, babe. Watch out for the pole.  Jeff: Libby takes a big hit.  You okay, Libby?  Jeff: On the chin.  You got it?  Jeff: Sebastian and Chris heading back with the second bag for yanua.  Go to your left. Watch out, watch out, watch out.  Jeff: Michael and James coming b final bag for Malolo. They are in the lead  for the first time in the challenge in a long time. Malolo with their third  bag. Desiree now going to lead them back to the puddle table. Still blindfolded.   I'm not going to let you fall into anything.  Jeff: Donathan and Chelsea working together for that third bag for Naviti.  You got it. There you go. Go!  Jeff: Desiree barking out orders to her four.  Follow my voice.  Jeff: You have to go back still blindfolded, but they're in the lead and they  can feel the momentum.  Let's go.  Jeff: Huge lead right now for Malolo.  Let's go. Let's go! Okay.  Jeff: Desiree and Malolo are at the puzzle table. Now Desiree has to guide  two blind folded tribe members to solve the puzzle. Donathan and Chelsea  working together now for their third and final bag for Naviti. That is  teamwork right there. Donathan is spinning Chelsea.  Drop it. Let go.  Where are you?  Jeff: Yanua has all three bags. Wendell drops down. Here comes Donathan and Chelsea  with their third bag.  Let's go.  Jeff: Oh, Chelsea bangs into the post. It's now a race to get to the puddle  table. Malolo with a big lead. They've already starred work on their puzzle. Here  comes annabella sciorra led by Wendell. Here comes Naviti led by Domenick.  Domenick, slow down. This is about teamwork. You need to make up time  quickly. Two tribes now making it through the center tunnel now. All trying  to get to their puzzle table where Malolo is already hard at work. Malolo would  love to get a win. It is Kellyn and Angela working on the puzzle with Desiree  make the call.  Feed it into the triangle.  Jeff: Wendell gets to the puzzle table for yanua. Domenick right behind.  Where's the bag?  Jeff: Where are their bags? Wendell is the leader. He left without all three  bags. Massive setback that has cost yanua.  Slide it in the triangle. You feel the hole.  Jeff: Desiree yelling at her tribe. Malolo has made no progress despite a  huge lead.  Are you talking to me?  The puzzle is a circle. Domenick is in the important spot, hero or goat right  now.  I'm back. I’m bag.  Jeff: Wendell now feeling the pressure the make up what he just cost his  tribe.  C bass, start putting those pieces.  I need a white.  Jeff: I’m looking, babe.  Jeff: If you cannot guide your blind folded tribe members, you will be going  to tribal council.  Swing it left.  Keep going left, keep going left.  Jeff: Wendell caused his tribe a very big setback is quickly making up time.  Slide it in the circle. You need the feel the table.  Jeff: Desiree, who could not get the puzzle day on day one now in charge of  the puzzle on day 17.  No, the circle piece. You have it in your right hand, Kellyn.  That goes in that triangle. Now get that round piece you just had and put it  in.  Jeff: Yanua with another piece. Look that, yanua is back in this. They're in  the lead right now. Naviti fighting against Malolo now.  We got our outside circle done.  The next piece, flip that over.  Jeff: Malolo now starting to get some momentum.  Yes! I need you the slide it up.  Jeff: This challenge has come down to communication between the caller and  the puzzle solver.  Upside down. Upside down.  Jeff: This would be a huge comeback for the new tribe yanua who was dead last  getting to the puzzle table, and they're now in the lead and very close to  winning this challenge. There it is! Yanua thinks they have it, and they do. Yanua  wins immunity! It is now Malolo and Naviti just like old times battling it  out. Naviti getting closer with another piece.  Perfect, good.  Jeff: It is now Malolo down to two pieces and Naviti down to two pieces. Which  tribe will finish? Desiree yelling for Malolo.  Okay. Switch places. Switch place.  Don't be mad at me. I’m doing my best.  Shift it.  Jeff: Domenick yelling for Naviti.  Yes. We're good.  Jeff: Do they have it? That's a puzzle! Naviti wins immunity, sending Malolo  back to tribal council for the third straight time.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Wendell, on Survivor, the caller is the hero or the goat role. At various  times in the challenge you were both. In the end, hero role. Hold it out for  yanua. Immunity is yours. No tribal council tonight. Another win for Naviti. No  tribal council tonight.  Nice job.  Jeff: Naviti, yanua, gab your stuff, head back to camp.  Thank you, jeff.  Jeff: Enjoy the night off. All right, Malolo, for the fifth time this season,  tribal council, somebody will be the sixth person voted out. Grab your stuff,  head back to camp, see you tonight at tribal.  The immunity challenge was a complete and utter failure today. I am yet again  going to another tribal council. That will be my fifth tribal out of six and  that really sucks for me. This is "Survivor: Ghost Island." like  it's all about reversing curses, not creating new ones.  I'm sorry, everybody.  The mini challenge today was probably the worst moment of my life. I wanted  this to be my moment of moving myself. Normally outside of this game I just  feel that I have to prove myself, and I’m exceeding expectation, and I failed.  I just feel like the biggest loser.  She's upset about the challenge. In case we don't have another chance, what  are you thinking? You're cool with that, giving up muscle even though you want  to win so bad?  Either James or me. Because of me, somebody is going home, and it sucks, but,  you know, I’m still a player in this game. So the plan tonight is to vote out  James. Nobody really has a connection to James. I feel like I don't even know  James. So even though it should be me, James is going home.  I don't want to be too hasty to judge, but she choked.  Oh, completely.  Have you talked to Angela at all?  No.  Because we're toast if we can't get her.  Yeah. At this point the old Naviti has the numbers, so clearly Michael and I are  in a tough spot. But a strong "Survivor" player has to be able to  be dealt some bad hands and make it work.  We last place.  It seems like Malolo is cursed.  Yeah.  When I was two years old, my family all moved to south korea. When I was 16 I  decided to come back to the states alone and chart my own path in a new  country. And I had to adapt to a new life, a new language, a new school with  no friends and learn how the connect with people. That experience prepared me  for this moment, because "Survivor" is about connecting with other  human beings. I just don't want it to be either of us tonight. Do you have  any thoughts right now?  I mean, I think Kellyn and des have a really close relationship, so I’m probably  on the bottom.  Uh-huh.  Look what happened last time? I definitely thought it was you guys voting for  me and it was my own people.  Well, I can assure you, you work with me, you're not going to be on the  bottom of anything.  I do trust James, and this game is all about relationships. In the military,  it was like a family. I was always surrounded by great friends, and then  retiring, I lost that big chunk of family. And then my daughter went away to  college, and then I started going through my divorce. And now I’m alone. I don't  know. It's just hard. It's just hard. But it is good, because I was raised to  like focus on everybody else's happiness. Now I’m focused on me and trying to  figure out where I want to go and what I want to do. So what... Are you and Michael  on the same line? What are you thinking?  He and I on the same page, we're going to act together.  Really?  Yeah, so if you're willing to go with us?  We definitely need to move forward with strength.  I want us to get through tonight together safely and come back to this camp.  With James i've had a lot of genuine conversations with him. While I would  like the stay loyal to Naviti, I have to watch out for me first. So now the  only question is what's going to get me further in the game.  So what are you thinking about tonight?  I'm not sure.  Me, Bradley, c bass, Chelsea, and des the whole time. There was never a  question about it.  What are your thoughts now?  I am hope thank you want to work with me. I thought Angela would be willing  to work with me and des. Instead she's acting super paranoid and that makes  me really nervous. Because I can see Angela wanting to save James and coming  after me or des. I feel super good with des. She and I have been together the  whole time.  Well, we have the numbers, if you think of it that way. I know des andry  going to vote together, so I would love for you to work with the two of us.  Well, sticking with it when it gets chaotic. That's when things get sketchy.  I feel more uncomfortable going into this tribal than I have felt from the  whole game. From the beginning I have never 100% been able to trust Angela. She's  all over the place. I’m not sure she fully understands what's going on in her  own head, and someone like that is just dangerous. I’m just praying to God  this works out. But tonight is going to tell us if Naviti have finally broken  down. Whether it's still about orange and purple or if everything is just  turned brown.  Jeff: All right. So we all know the headline: Malolo may be one of the worst  tribes in terms of challenge performance that we've ever had. You may never  win a "Survivor" challenge as a tribe. Desiree, what is the feeling  inside when you're down tribal after tribal after tribal?  I think when you're lose, when you're at the bottom, when things aren't  great, you get a chance to reflect on who it is that you really are as if you  have a mirror right in front of you, and I take full responsibility for  today's loss. And I let myself down the most.  Jeff: How so?  Like I wanted this to be my moment where I could say, I did that and it  wasn't. It was like, I did that, oh, my God. But what makes a winner is how  you get back up when you fall. So from here on, I just have to get back up.  Jeff: James, there was a challenge where you felt some responsibility. You got  votes, and you said, yeah, I deserved them. Would that be fair to vote  somebody out based onã±r blowing immunity challenge?  That's where it gets tough, because I myself was give an second chance by my  tribe despite a big mistake, and it will just come down to what people  prioritize on tonight's vote I guess.  Jeff: Kellyn, it has to go through your head when you're evaluating who to  vote out the ability to win, because if you don't win, you won't make the  merge, you won't make the end.  Yeah. To feel Yanuya win and then to feel Naviti win, it just feels awful. So  the think that's not coming into all of our minds, I think would be a farce.  I think we all want to win.  Jeff: Angela, where do you weigh in on this? Because nobody wants to  criticize somebody who is giving their best.  Absolutely. Somebody definitely has to carry the torch. If you think you have  that strength, I think you should do it, but if you step up to the plate, then  we're expecting you not to strike out. We're expecting you to hit a home run.   Jeff: So Desiree, it can't feel good the hear that.  It doesn't feel good to hear that, you know, but if we're thinking ahead and  we're thinking about the future of our game, brute strength is not something  you want to go up against when it comes to individual challenges.  Jeff: James, Desiree has thrown it right back at the group and said, maybe  it's strength, but "Survivor" is a long game and there are a lot of  layers to it. What do you read into what Desiree is saying?  I think Desiree has a fair point. We have seen people with great physical  abilities in merges a threat post-merge, but we as a tribe are so close to  the merge, and we have to get there. That path is one of brute strength.  Jeff: Michael, you were nodded like let's just get to the merge first and  then figure out who to get rid of.  Of course, you have to have the big picture in mind. If you can't get close  enough to where it matters, what's the big point? I want to win. I know  everybody here wants to win. So just get to the merge, we need to focus on  keeping the tribe strong.  But, the other parted of this, which is crazy, we made hit the far in tribal,  and it hasn't come up yet, but there are three original Naviti members  sitting here, and two original Malolo members. So you start to play the game  in your head and you look at the math, and it's not lost on me that long-term  relationships are just as important as brute strength.  Jeff: James, how concerned are you that old tribal alliances might be what  flips it tonight?  Yeah, in that case it looks maybe a little bit dangerous for myself and Michael,  but when it comes to those old original tribe lines, which were random to  begin with, you can't be so myopic like that. You have to look at different  kinds of bonds with different people. Reaching across the aisle to the other  side, that's a pretty critical part of "Survivor" I think.  Jeff: Angela, that's really interesting what James said, yes, we were on  different tribes, but those were random, but the way, we don't bleed Naviti  or Malolo. It's just a buff. It opens up when and how you can make a  relationship that could last. It doesn't have to be on day one.  Absolutely. Me being on Naviti, it was just a chance. And every one of my  original tribe voted against me. Malolo, they didn't directly save me, but  indirectly that's the reason I’m sitting here today.  Jeff: Curious. Question for all of you, just a quick answer: In life  typically, do you lead with your head or your heart Angela?  Head.  Heart.  Head. Head.  Jeff: Kellyn?  To me your gut is the perfect mix of your head and your heart. When you find  and follow what your gut is telling you, it's because you have let your heart  speak a little bit and you've let your head speak a little bit. Find where  that settles in and make your decision from there.  Jeff: 36 seasons into "Survivor," I’m still being taught how the  game is played by the players. I love it. With that being said, it's time to  vote. Desiree, you're up.  It was either you or me. I’m hoping it's you.  I was give an second chance, and I really, really were I could give it to  you, too. I’m sorry.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want the play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote James. Desiree.  One vote James, one vote Desiree. James. That's two votes James, one vote Desiree.  Sixth person voted out of "Survivor: Ghost Island," James. That's three.  That's enough. You need to bring me your torch. James, the tribe has spoken.  Great blind side, guide. It's been a true pleasure playing with you all and  best of luck.  Jeff: Well, your head, your heart, and ultimately your gut led you to vote  out one of the strongest members of this tribe. Time will tell if you made  the right call. Grab your torch, head back to camp. Good night. Captioning funded  by cbs we go further, so you can. Captioned by media access group at wgbh  access.wgbh.org  jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," there's fire at Malolo.  We should burn the Malolo flag. It's bad juju.  I'm next to go, but hopefully there is light at the end of the tunnel.  Jeff: And fury at Naviti.  The hardest test for me is to not be a total dick.  He's a nastyson of a bitch.  The fire is raging.  I didn't see that blind side coming. Good for them. I’m at peace. These 17  day, even though it's a fraction of my life, have really changed me. I'll go  back to the real world as a new person with a new perspective. So I am humble  and grateful. To say I have played "Survivor."