<br/>Previously on Survivor.  Malolo lost their fifth community challenge.  Niftyi wins immunity, sending Malolo back to tribal council.  Facing tribal council, Michael and James were outnumbered.  Hopefully I can make it through this. At tribal council, Michael turned on an  ally to stay alive.  James, the tribe has spoken. But it still left him on the outside looking in.  14 are left, who will be voted out tonight. 14 are left, who will be voted  out tonight. Tribal council was utterly depressing, to be honest. I got rid  of James to save myself. But you know shall i've got to do what I have got to  do to get by. And now I am last on Malolo, I am worried I could be next, that  is three votes have been Malolo players. Finding an ally is the most  important thing-- finding an a doll is the most important thing in my game  right now.  On the beach.  Probably looking for an idol.  At this point I’m not too worried about getting caught. I’m going to be aggressive.  I'ming to go out and tear this island apart if I have to, I’m digging with a  stick through rocks, little by little and chip away, try and search each  peace of this island to try and find something.  Is he searching.  He's paranoid and can I see he is paranoid because he is running through the  jungle.  It is three against one.  Easy pickings..  Easy pickings..  So when I looked over around that tree stump, I found this guy.  Congratulations, you found it.  I know.  This is the authentic fake hid inimmunity idol that oddsy created in Survivor  microneeshia, ozzy hid this carved stick on exile island. Jason found it.  I guess this is the hidden immunity eye dolt.  Believing it to be a real idol, when jason showed it to her, eliza realized  it was an obvious fake.  That is not the idol.  This is not a hidden immunity idol.  Eliza was voted o out that night.  And the bad luck continued. Ozzy was blind sided at the next tribal with an  idol in his pocket follow by jason voted out at the next tribal with an idol  in his pocket. The only three players to ever touch the stick were all voted  out. But there is a secret nobody knows. For ten years this stick has been  living on Ghost Island slowly gaining po wemplet and as of this moment t has  fully matured into a real hidden immunity idol. I feel like I literally  reached into my tv screen and just grabbed this from ozzy's hand and I’m ready  to do some damage with this guy.  Come on in, guys! And a halfiti, getting your first look at the new Malolo  tribe, James voted out at the last tribal council you guys ready to get to  the reward challenge. For today's challenge you will each pull on a rope  suspending a disk am will you then work together to stack blocks on that disk  spelling reward. If your stack falls, you have to start again. First two  tribes to finish written reawards, want to know what you are plague, first  tribe to finish, steak, chicken kebab, the grill to cook it on, spices to  make it taste great.  O my God, you guys.  Second tribe to finish, not as elaborate but not bad. Chicken kebabs. Last tribe  to finish, nothing. In addition, the winning tribe will send one person from  either of the two other tribes to Ghost Island. A lot at steak, Naviti, you  have one extra person who is going to sit out of this.  I will sit out, jeff.  Take a job. Ianuya who is sitting out.  Me.  Laura take a sit. Everybody es take a minute to strategize, we'll get  started. All right, here we go. For rewards, Survivors, ready. Go!  You are spelling the ward "reward" with a Ghost Island logo on the  bottom and the top. And you are spelling the word backwards.  A little more tension.  This is all about communication.  Kep an eye on it.  The more you work together the faster this will go.  Slow and steady, slow and steady.  It's easy in the beginning. It et goes tougher, the higher that stack is. There  goes Libby with the r for Naviti.  You have to let go of your robe.  You can already see it starting to tilt for niftyi.  Oh my God, it's moving.  Easy guys.  You are good.  Take your time.  Sebastian has the w for Yanuya.  Hold it just like that.  Kel innow-- Kellyn now with the a, are you next, James.  You got this.  Now down to Chelsea with the two remaining blocks for niftyi. &gt;&gt;--  niferiti.  Chelsea places the r it is starting to wobel.  Niviti drops, they've got to start again, that opens the door for Yanuya and  mallola. Yanuya has a big time advantage as Wendell places the r. Ianu-- Yanuyarks  with just one last block it stack, the ghosting willo on top.  You are not a little tighter.  Pull a little tighter.  Oh my God.  Yanuya has to start over.  He are in the lead.  It is now Malolo for the first time in a long time in the lead of a  challenge.  Kellyn pull up a little bit.  Wait, wait.  Malolo drops, they've got to start again. This challenge is wide open. Bradley  heading out for that viti, he will race out t is a risky strategy. Could it  pay off right now?  You have to let go of your rope.  Good job, Libby.  More tension.  Yanuya doing their best, Naviti still in the lead, any reward is nice but  steak is great.  Damn right, jeff.  Trying to catch Naviti. All three tribes now know that early you can rate,  you have to take your time as you get deeper in the challenge. Sebastian now  back with the e. We are now neck and neck. Here comes kinl, Malolo is taking  a long time with their early letters.  Kellyn, make it looser.  I don't have any tension.  Don't-- I don't have any.  Okay.  So much talking and arguing they can't make any progress. Wendell places the  r for Yanuya.  You have to move a little faster.  Let's go, man.  St now Yanuya back in the leads with na vivi has to go for broke, and a  halfiti-- Naviti balance asking their strak, once again back even, Wendell  really taking their time.  Let's go Wendell.  Donathan heading out now with the last block. They're going to try it again.  Careful, Donathan, no tension on the rope. Donathan, no tension on the rope.  I'm not, Bradley.  Donathan places that top icon. Everything else lacks good. If he can get  back, this would be a big win for Naviti, and they're got it, Naviti wins  steak and chicken kebabs, we're looking for one more!  Oh God!  I got you, babe, I got you.  Malolo and Yanuya. Wendell with the last icon.  Very easy.  Easy, wendzel, we got it, we got it.  This is the most difficult part now, getting back.  Stay in that rhythm. It would seal the deal on another loss for Malolo.  Tell me when can I let go.  The story of the season so far.  A tribe that could very well be cursed appears to be cursed. Malolo dropped,  they have got to start again. Wendell one foot in the paint.  Keep that ex, everybody stay tight.  One more foot to go. That will do it, you've got it. Malolo loses once again.  All right. Nice reward for Naviti, nice reward for Yanuya. Once big decision,  Naviti you are in charge of who goes to Ghost Island, you either make a you  man news and send one person from either of the two tribes and if you can't  everybody on the other two tribes draws rocks which means in theory somebody  frommianunya would go to Ghost Island and not participate in the reward they  just won. Very big decision. Strategy paramount right here. And before you tell  me, walk me through it.  Yeah, I think Ghost Island is still some what of a mystery. So we want to  keep that mystery under wraps. And so somebody that has already been there  would be a good choice to send again.  Have you made a unanimous decision.  We have.  Who is it going to be.  Kellyn.  Kellyn, Kellyn, grab your stuff, you will return in time for the next  immunity challenge. Naviti,ianuya, come grab your reward.  Thank you, jeff.  Desiree, Angela, Michael, got nothing for you, grab your stuff, back to camp.   I was really confident in myself, but hi Bradley. Barking orders at me and oh  my God. The fire in my body was raging. So I’m just letting him do his own  thing and dig his own grave out here. Within I’m walking into Ghost Island,  for now my second visited to the land of the unknown. But I have already been  here before so I just need to stay calm, take a moment, trust my gut and  hopefully it will be what is best for my game. Game on, follow the fire. I open  up the un, it says follow the fire. And my heart is pounding and I feel like  throwing up, st crazy how it feels like out here is where my fate of my game  is living.  Oh, Ghost Island game of chance, the odds have improved two of these hold  power. Risk your vote to play. Two thirds is a chance. I feel so good about  not playing last time. My first trip to Ghost Island, I just trusted my gut  and decided to play it safe, not play the game, and keep my vote. Now we're  getting close to the merge. You can taste the fact that it is almost an  individual game at this point. And to be more proactive is key.  Got to risk for the business kit-- biscuit I guess, I decide I will play the  game.  I just needs a little bit of the luck of the Survivor Gods on my side,  please. This guy has been talking to me the whole time. I feel like I’m unraveling  my fate. I’m such a wimp.  You have won an advantage. This is the authentic steal a vote that was used  to vote out ma cay la in Survivor 34 season. This is the actual authentic  piece of parchment that got makay did la voted out. This is what was in game  clangers. When makayla was not chosen to compete in the reward clal eng she  took her spot on the sit out bench.  How are you feeling.  Blinded by frustration she never saw the secret advantage sitting at her  feet. Sarah grabs the advantage and used it to vote out makayla.  14th person voted out, the 7th member of our jury. Makayla.  This haunted advantage no longer holds the power to steal a vote but you can  use it as an extra vote.  That's huge.  Thank Gods I trusted my gut because having secret advantage in my pocket  right now seems just like the moment where my Survivor life is going to  change. This could be the pivotal point where Kellyn goes from just being the  sweet girl who everyone likes to being the girl who is smart enough and tough  enough to actually make it to the end and win this game. Boom..  We smoked the other two teams. I feel very proud of myself. This is the  highest point that I have had so far out here.  This team can't be broken.  Oh my God.  We're eating steak tonight, my friends.  Can we clear the table please.  I'm ready to be excited. Talk about it, kind of reminisce on what just  happened because it was a great moment for me.  Proud of you, brother.  Thank you.  That was amazing.  You can help me with this please.  Donathan, you can help me move this?  Somebody.  I will do it.  In my normal life I just have no patience. So today was like oh my God, like  let's eat.  What you want to do is put the beginning people on the outside.  We made it a whole world of difference.  I feel like you wanted to build it first, buddy.  It's built.  Let's go.  For me the hardest test out here is like to not be a total dick because  historically in my personal life that's been what derails it all. And then  like I won't be able to get back on the track.  It goes on after I put it on, right now.  Spring tell again.  Does anyone care if I get stuff on there when I am sprinkling?  Let's go.  It's getting bad.  It is getting bad.  It is amazing that he is such a smart person and pretty smart player but is  he not aware that he is a nasty son of a bitch.  He lashes out.  He is still building it and yeting at me that I didn't get the fire started.  You told me to wait for you to finish.  I had it today. I didn't need him down my throat like that. He said it like  four times.  That's enough.  You leave him alone.  I was so mad.  There is division on Naviti, dhel see, Bradley and dominic and then me and Libby  original Malolos. If those three Navitis stick together me and her son the  bottom. But I feal like we is kind of on the same page right now about Bradley.  So if we lose the next immunity challenge, I’m hoping Bradley is the target.  We have to try.  I think this is a no brainer, if it comes to it.  I think we are all on the same page.  Yeah.  Bradley is getting snappy and people around me are starting to see that as  well. So maybe I can work with them. And get rid of Bradley.  I just don't know if it's worth it to do that right now because I want to  stick with Naviti.  It is nice to have an agreement.  It is nice.  You guys did awesome.  Great job today.  Something is better than nothing.  We came together and we got the job done.  And we got food.  We were bummed we didn't come in first. We have the mindset of a team that  likes to win and win it all. But at the end of the day getting anything,  different and appetizing to fill your stomach is a win.  In is onion.  Especially when are you one of the bigger guys like me who have to eat. I love  to eat.  We got the win.  It was a great day.  The only thing that I think about every single day is my girlfriend nicole,  you know, she is just the greatest person in the world.  Happy birthday dear nicole. happy birthday to you. Âª.  Today is nicole's birthday so it is hard to not be with her on her birthday  right now and be out here. It is very difficult. But it gave me some kind of  grit to really want to use my time to find something that will further my  game. And I know that food is going to make a lot of people tired. So when  they are kind of going to sleep, that is my opportunity right there to sneak  off, look for firewood but to really look for the idol.  From the first time I stepped on this gigantic island I tried to be very  attentive to every detail, landmarks, you know, things that might be hiding  spots for an idol, or a little clue. There is alot of driftwood and trees  that are dead but I see a tree that I had seen before, it is like a regular  tree but then it's wrapped in some kind of other weird mesh type tree bark  situation. I look at, that I’m like man f this isn't a landmark, nothing on  this island is a landmark.  Oh my goodness. Which I found a little-- and green wrapping, I grabbed t I am  soaks sieltsed. I open it and it is a clue to an idol, which is a very basic  map, I am excited about the cluend now I have to find the idol.  So we have a pair of trees right there. With a mountain right here. And the  water. So-- at the base of a tree, with baby roots. So it's got to be this  tree.  Idols are what you want in this game. I need this thing. It is something that  like now is when I have to find this thing. This can get me to the end.  Oh my God, oh my goodness. I pull out this big green package, and I’m like  this is it right here, this is the idol. I open it up-- oh my God.  And this beautiful thing is what I find.  Thank you, lord.  This necklace could be the single most iconic relic in the history of Survivor.   This is the authentic immunity necklace-- necklace that eric gave away to  national willee in Survivor 16 season.  Eric, once again immunity is yours.  Eric had made to to the final five and had won this immunity necklace which  guaranteed him a spot in the final four.  You think you could talk him into giving you the necklace.  Who would fall for that.  But the four remaining women bam boozeeled him.  Will you give me your necklace tonight.  Into giving up the necklace in traibal council.  I want to give individual immunity to natalie.  And promptly voted him out.  13th person voted out, eric.  But there is a secret nobody knows, this necklace has been living on Ghost  Island for a decade t has matured into a hidden immunity idol with the same  powers as any other hidden immunity idol.  This is now not eric's I mew in-- immunity necklace t st a hidden immune  identity idol. When I saw season 16 I thought eric made the most bone headed  move and now have I that man's idol around my neck. I might be in that  position at some point. I will never do what he did.  I got one.  I'm not going to make that mistake. I’m super excited to have this thing. I’m  so proud and I worked harped for it the curse will be reversed. And I can't  wait to use it.  We just have to watch out for all the rab in the back.  Malolo is cursed. We're the hungriest out here. We haven't won a reward. I’m starving,  my stomach feels like it's touching pie back and we're losing each and every  challenge. It doesn't matter who son this tribe, even if will is a switch or  a swap, we lose. This might be the most losing tribe in Survivor history.  We should burn the Malolo, the little banner, we need to burn it to get rid  of the curse.  Wait, right now?  Yes, we have to reverse the curse. I don't want any remnants of Malolo near  me at all. It is bad juju, I don't want it.  There she s there she is. , there she is.  Break this curse guise, seriously. The curse is broken, y'all.  Obviously we've been on a big losing streak and you know that's hard when  each time you just get beat back down am but if I have faith through all the  hard times, hopefully there is light at the end of the tunnel.  Yay. All right, we'll bring in kellen returning from Ghost Island.  Welcome back.  Come on. Shake it off.  Michael, given that out of six tribal councils Malolo has been to five, will  the maltolo curse continue?  I think we're feeling good. We are glab to have kenl back, the three of us burned  our Malolo banner this morning right in half. We're here to kick some ass.  Desireee you burned your flag.  We pushed it-- bushed it, curse is gone, we burned it.  Got it over it.  Should we get to the immune il chat eng. First things first, take back the  idol. One half, and there is the other. Once again, immunity is back up for  grabs. For today's challenge you are going to swim out to a floating  platform. Will you race up, jump off, and retrieve two sets of floating  rings. You will then attempt to land those rings on a floating target. First two  tribes to get all their rings on their target win immunity. Safe from the  vote, loser-- loses tribal council, somebody will be the 7th person voted out  of this game. Mall 08o-- Malolo desperately hoping it is not them again, Yanuya  one extra person sit out, laura last time, Naviti sat out the last challenge,  Chelsea sitting ot. All right, here we go for immunity, Survivors, ready. Go!  Kellyn in the water for Malolo, Sebastian forrianuya and Bradley for Naviti, Sebastian  out for a quick lead, up to the platform into the water, there goes Bradley. Here  comes Kellyn.  Let's go, yes. Sebastian has his, he is heading back, Bradley has his, he is  heading back, Bradley went out for the farthest rings first making it easier  on the second, Sebastian down, here comes Kellyn with hers.  Sebastian back on the platform, go. Chris in the water frommianuya. Bradley making  his way back. Kellyn has caught Bradley.  Bradley and Kellyn swimming back, as Chris swims out for Yanuya. Getting up  on that platform.  Go Naviti, dominic in the matter for Naviti. Kellyn is back for mall 08o-- Malolo,  go. Here comes Domenick for Naviti, not a dive and not really a jump, Michael,  that is how you do it on Survivor. Michael overtakes Domenick with a  beautiful dive and swim to the rings. Chris is back, everybody go.  Michael is been amazing in the water for Malolo, now Naviti if dead last. Here  comes Yanuya. Sebastian, Laurel, Wendell and Chris, everybody in the water. Go  Malolo! Malolo trying to reverse that curse. Here comessianuya, got to get  everybody back before you can start.  Domic, go Naviti, Malolo is up to their platform. Desiree in the water,ianuya  untying their knots. Naviti now in the water, Domenick, just back into the  ocean, awkward again, Malolo fighting to win a challenge. Ianuya hooks their  first ring, Malolo is back, Naviti is back, they can start untying. You got  it. Naviti and Malolo trying to get in there. Donathan going to go for Naviti  and hooks his first ring.  Let's go, Donathan.  Chris the second forrianu ya, and a halfiti with one, Malolo back in a  familiar spot, dead last. Donathan just misses. Wendell the third. Wendell with  the fourth ring. Wendell is hot. That makes it five,ianuya could win it right  here, no. Michael scores from Malolo. Donathan hooks a secretary for Naviti, Michael  hooks another for Malolo.  Come on, Michael! Michel with a third. We've got a challenge going here. Donathan  with his third it isianuya with five. Donathan with the fourth.  Go doon a than.  Wendt e8 scores and wins it forrianuya. Now Malolo 1/2ityi, Michael scores  the fourth for Malolo. We are tied. Michael scores a fifth for Malolo. Donathan  just misses, Malolo lost eight of nine challenges. Michael could end that  streak right here.  Come on, this one.  He wins t Malolo wins immunity. Safe from tribal council. Erasing the curse  that has haunted them, Naviti heading to tribal where the seftd person will  be voted out of this game.  Damn. &gt;&gt;ianuya immunity once again, nobody going home, and Malolo, the  curse is reversed. Malolo for the first time in a long time, I will not be  seeing you at tribal council, enjoy the night off. Head out. Yanuya, no  tribal council, nobody going home, swim out. All right, Naviti, tribal  council tonight, somebody will be the seventh person voted out of this game. Swim  out, see you tonight at council.  Losing was really tough. But Bradley has been disrespecting everybody from  our tribe and somebody like that doesn't deserve an alliance. So I want him  voted out. Within I would just like to apologize if I let anyone down toarksd  I was so smoked after that swim. I went in there shaken. I don't know.  We win as a tribe, we lose as a tribe. It was not-- you can not take.  I think maybe you had too much coffee.  Oh my God, I can't believe this is happening. Like do I keep this guy around.  Bradley constantly talks down to me as if he is above me and above everyone  in this game.  Bradley, I just want to dump this in.  I would like to eat my rice first.  Bradley is a anne in the ass to be around but from what it appears, he is  willing to work with me to at least get to the end so I have to figure out  what makes sense for pie game.  All-- I will talk to Chelsea.  I'll talk to Libby.  Tonight's decision is a choice of which original Malolo, the original Naviti  three want to pick off, should it be Libby or should it be Donathan, Donathan  is here for a beach vacation where with Libby she is incredibly attractive  and she smiles and are you compelled it buy what she is selling and that is  so dangerous in Survivor.  Lib see worries me because she already played the original Naviti tribe once  because when shes with getting her torch snuffed she said don't trust the  whrond.  I feel thriek is incredibly straight forward. Everybody is voting for Libby  tonight.  I feel good about that.  It has been great talking to Libby. But nice to meet you, see ya.  I'm giving you my word.  Chelsea and dom tell me to vote Bradley out but pie fear is that I get voteed  out.  I can't help but be nervous.  Donathan and I are on the bottom. You can't help but feel nervous about it. I  want it stay in this game so badly. This is a critical tribal.  Libby thinks we're going with Bradley tonight but we got a little bit of a  decision here. Because we're getting close to a merge. You have to start  thinking about how are you going to Survivor in this game. And voting out Bradley,  that is betraying Naviti, the original Naviti, and that is huge.  Do you want to do Bradley or do you want to do Libby?  We need to think through this a lot, the repercussions could be down the  line.  It's going to be a last minute call.  Yeah.  Here is my dilemma 678 I have the choice of taking out Libby or Bradley. The reason  why Libby may be a better choice now is because she's very charming and I fell  for that once before with Libby where I gave her a little bit of rope and she  hung me with it. When my girl Morgan was voted out.  It is getting close.  Yeah, it is.  So I certainly don't trust Libby but moving forward into the merge, brad  lee's attitude and his short temper could be disastrous for me. So I don't  know what to do at this point. I have to determine if taking this risk before  the merge is going to pay off in the end.  So dominic we've had this ongoing story of original Naviti versus original Malolo,  is that still a factor?  I believe it is to an extent. There has been a lot of intermingling. So there  has definitely been new relationships built within that. But there is a  possibility that the original Naviti may work together from this point  forward.  Donathan, concern you that you and libbey as original Malolo might just  simply not have the numbers to do anything?  It is my biggest concern whether or not these guys can take us and aim for me  or Libby.  What is the vaib at camp with that underlying tension, hey, we have the  numbers t is one of you two tontd.  You obviously wouldn't know that there was any kind of a vibe, or any  tension. The five of us get along swimmingly t is almost shocking from a Survivor  fan standpoint. We've all just been a coheesive bunch.  Donathan, do you feel like this is one big happy family?  Well, I woon say so much big happy family, you know there are things that  have happened in the past, we blind sided por began and I’m sure done nick  may still be burned about that.  Donathan brainings up a good point. I was completely taken by surprise, to  this day it still stings a little bit because Morgan was a good friend of  mine.  Libbey, when you hear Domenick say it still stings, is your fear that he  doesn't trust me?  Yeah, it's tough to hear that it does still sting. I hope that I can still  work with him in the future and to kind of forget about that. But I was trust  worthy to my alliance. Morgan and I had a bond. But my alliance was stronger  than that bond. And so I had to stay loyal to that. That loyalty, can I easily  bring to another alliance and so I have to stand by my decision and it felt  right. And it still feels right. And that is part of the game.  Bradley, do you respect that sth she's not backing down off her vote.  I respect that a lot but I could give her some kowntd points as to maybe why  por began wasn't the right pick but I diss don't they the dynamic of what  habbed at that tribal very much.  Which is interesting that you would offer counterpoints to something you  admit you don't know anything about.  I mean I will argue about the color of the sky if I have to.  It's just your nature, you mean?  Yeah, I think it comes from a deep root of, I love conversation, that is the  easiest way to have a back and forth, sometimes it can be positivek stimes it  can definitely be negative. But I don't want to be the dick that just keeps  playing devil's advocate constantly because I hate that person as much as the  next person, so-- .  I was just going to say, I don't think we're arguing a whole lot around camp,  at least I don't think I’m being argumentative. If we're having a  conversation, I like to bring up all the points. It provides a dialogue.  I think also, jeff, it is tough to disagree on things but at the same time  you don't want to be the person that begins conflict. So a lot of the time  you have to bite your tongue and just sit back and listen to what people are  saying even if you disagree with them. It's hard. You want people with a  level head that you know you can get through to, and you can have a  conversation with them and have a lot of back and forth with that person as  well.  Dhel see, is that a fear that-- Chelsea is that a fear that behavior in camp  could cause problems?  I think your behavior always affects you in this game, you know, if you rub  pem the wrong way, you never know how that will affect you down the line. So you  always have to kind of be aware of your behavior towards other people.  So Libby, as we get ready to vote, what is the case, why shouldn't Naviti  just stick together?  Well, I mean we are getting closer to the merge. It's time that we start  thinking about the future. And I want to help with that future.  Domenick, what is the criteria tonight for you?  Its a he-- it's a lot it take into conversation t is a trust factor it is a  compatibility factor. And it is also what every relationship that person may  have built on the other side and how that could benefit you later in the  game.  All right, time to vote. Bradley, you are up. Bradley, you are up. I'll go  tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want to play  it, now would be the time to do so. Okay, once the votes are read the  decision is final, person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council  area immediately. I will read the votes. First vote, Libby. Bradley, one vote  Libby, one vote brad lee. -- Bradley. Bradley. Two votes Bradley, one vote Libby.  Seventh person voted out, Bradley.  Good job, guys.  That is three thrarks is enough, you need to bring me your torch.  Good luck in the rest of the game. Bradley, the tribe has spoken. Time for  you to go.  Thanks.  Adventure of a lifetime. Oh my God. Wow. Damn. That's crazy.  Well, based on tonight, tribal lines are weakening. Personal bonds are  growing. And with only four people, could be very interesting. Grab your  torches, head back to camp. Good night. Captioning funded by cbs captioned by  media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Next time on Survivor. Three tribes come together.  The merge!  It is like Christmas morning for me.  But a war wages on. &gt;&gt;dom's always been after me but I’m too suave.  These two guys can blow up the world if they want.  Finally lines are drawn in the sand.  I was blind sided 100%. But as a superfan of Survivor, there's no other way I  would rather go out. I’m a very confident person. I’m sure of myself and I think  that comes across as a little overbearing to people at times. I could have  done a whole lot better. I feel like if I made it into the merge, I would  have won the game. So hats off to them.