<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor," after a surprise switch -- drop  your buffs -- Domenick was free of his biggest enemy.  Chris was still after me, so getting away from him was such a relief.  Jeff: And he was armed with a real idol.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Fake idol.  Sick.  Jeff: And legacy advantage.  You may only use it when there are 13 people left in the game or when there  are only six people left in the game.  Jeff: Domenick was also in control of the vote.  I have the choice of taking out Libby or Bradley.  Jeff: At tribal council, Domenick made his decision and broke tribal lines.  Jeff: Bradley, the tribe has spoken. 13 are left. Who will be voted out  tonight. Captioning funded by cbs  this morning we get this note, and it says that we've made it to the next  part of the game, and it's the merge. To make it to the point where you all  get to be on one beach and it becomes a individual game feels like such an  accomplishment. Now the work I put in to build relationships during the swap  is going to pay off, so I can't wait to see what damage I can do.  Are you serious?  What's going on?  Oh, my God.  Welcome.  As soon as I saw everyone pull new york I was happy to see my boy Wendell. It's  nice to have someone to talk to that's reasonable and intelligent. And then  there's Chris, my number-one nemesis out here. This guy just won't go away,  but I’m hoping that he's not looking to cut my throat at this point in the  game.  Gather, everyone, on the other side of the island. A celebration awaits.  The merge!  Let's go eat.  This stage in the game represents, you know, hope that I can win this thing. To  be 18, wanting to be the youngest Survivor ever, it's been hard for me so  far, so to not only make it to the merge, but to have an idol, it's like Christmas  morning for me.  Oh, my God.  Oh, yeah.  I know all hell is about the break loose, but in my mind right now it's an  even playing field.  Thank you, Survivor Gods!  Everyone gets random seat at the table. At each spot there is a black buff. We  are one family, but after the feast is over, our next accept is to start  eating each other.  I got something to say. I've been at hotel Naviti since day one. I cherish  the new relationships i've built, but more importantly I hope to strengthen  some of the old relationships that maybe weren't as strong as they could be,  so play you heart out. That's all that matters, guy, right? Salude. I have  high hopes for my second half of this game. It seems like I have options. I have  a four-way alliance with Donathan, Wendell, Laurel, and myself.  I'm so happy to see you.  In addition to, that I can stick with Naviti originals and have the majority,  but Chris is such a wild card.  Life is supposed to be rich. Don't make it cheaper, like lebron in the finals  I won't take a breather.  He's still a pain in my ass. I’m sorry. So if I can get Chris off my back,  that's something i've been trying to do the whole time since i've been out  here, that would be a huge weight off my shoulders.  I feel awful right now.  I feel like I’m back to my original weight.  I'm sitting in the shelter, and I ate so much that I can barely even move. I can  barely even talk. And, you know, I’m fixing my buff, and it felt like there  was something different about it. It felt weird. I was like, wait a minute. So  I opened my buff, and it says, "shhh, a secret awaits at tree  mail." so I’m freaking out inside. It's pretty incredible. Anyone could  have sat down and got this buff. I just feel very blessed. It's exactly what  the doctor ordered. Now that we've reached the merge, someone like me who is  athletic and good at challenges, will be first one targeted. I have to be  smart. I got to do this when no one is watching. "congratulations. You have  found a clue to the hidden immunity idol, good at the next tribal council and  probably more. But there is a catch. The island is at goes island. Tonight a  boat will arrive to sneak you off the island. Are you willing to risk getting  caught? Damn right I am. My whole life i've got places because I took risks. We're  at the point where you have to go all in, especially if you're a serious  threat, like I am. At the same time, can I get away with it? It is a huge  risk for leaving the island for multiple hours in the night. If I get caught  and people want to question me, I am screwed.  So right now it's Naviti and Malolo.  But can we stay Naviti strong?  The problem I have is Chris, if we can work it out with him, I don't know.  I would like the sit you down, be a mediator, clear the air.  Especially if we can do it for one vote.  Is there someone that we could just agree on off of Malolo for our first  vote.  I think we could agree on Michael or Libby.  At least for this vote, I would love for it to be easy peasey Naviti and us  to just get out Michael or Libby. Problem is Chris and Domenick, it's like  the cold war. It's like an arms race, and these two guys can blow up the  world if they want. I just wanted to holler at you and dom together to see if  we could have a collective enemy and just go for somebody. I like dom. He's my  guy in this, and maybe I can be that little bridge, somehow, some way, or  maybe i'll learn, this isn't possible, and we have to go the nuclear option.  Dom, what would you like to talk about?  Well, I think throughout our time here, I think this whole whatever you want  to call it started day one.  Absolutely.  It's unfortunate, because I think the three of us especially could have  really put our heads together and, you know, I mean, i'll even temporarily  work together and we could kill each other later for all I care, but out of  the great, it's important, Chris.  Yeah, I don't know.  If we can find a way to protect each other and get somebody out of here --  i haven't made up my mind on anything that I’m going to do.  What about someone sitting over there. Would you be opposed to any one of  those three? To any one of those three?  You have to tell me?  I just pointed at three people sitting on the beach. But if you're not  willing to say yes to any of them...  I can't say yes to anybody right now.  Then we can't come to an agreement.  Domenick and Wendell were pitching me b.s. I’m too suave to just buy it. They  want to make me their friend so they can slash me.  Did you bring me a cup?  We're cracking over the wine.  Let's go.  I left that conversation exactly how I felt going in. There's been too much  turbulence with dom and i. As far as I’m concerned, I need to eliminate my  biggest threat.  I knew this would be ten minutes of nonsense.  That's fine. We'll send him for an untimely departure. I'll drink to that. The  peace talks came to an abrupt hall. I was willing to collaborate with Chris,  but the gloves are off. Time to go to war with you.  Season 36.  Jeff:  Domenick and Wendell want me out. The only true safety net for me is the  idol. That's at Ghost Island. It's super posh -- important that I sneak away  and not get caught. It's pitch black. Everyone is knocked out. It's time to  make my move now. I had my shoes on. I am strapped up ready to rock. I got to  be smart. I got to do this in a stealthy fashion. I live for these moments,  luckily I got out unscathed. I'd like to say I’m pretty clutch actually. I'd like  to say I’m pretty clutch actually. You know, Ghost Island is nothing new to  me. I've been, there but i've never arrived there at night. You know,  following those torches is sort of scary. It's sort of freaky. But I’m ready  to find out what's in my destiny. This is j.t.'s authentic hidden immunity  idol from Survivor: Game change centers 2017.  Yes. That's great news. That idol will keep me in this game.  He left this idol back at camp as he headed to tribal council. It was bad  decision.  Damn.  He was blind sided that night.  I made a very, very foolish mistake. I got a little overconfident in myself.  Reporter: This tainted idol has lost some of its potent similar it is good  only at the next tribal council. That's crazy. Most hidden immunity idols  once you get it, they're good forever until you use it, but this one is only  good at the next tribal council, and then I start using something else. J.t.'s  idol is yours and not at risk, but if you're willing to wager your vote at  next trial council, you can increase the power. All right. I’m intrigued. Each  time you choose the correct bamboo, you extend the life of this idol by one  tribal council. You can do this up to five times or until you lose your vote.  All right. So the game's got ten slots, five on each side. It's a 50/50 shot  on each one. You have the opportunity to extend the shelf life of this idol  if I’m lucky. Here's the catch, it's also possible if I play this game that I  can't vote at the next tribal council. That's crucial, because I’m trying to  orchestrate getting rid of dom. It's a risk-reward type deal. I am definitely  going for it. It's important in this game the take risks, because it's the  only way you make it to the end. All right. Here we go. Number one. "Survivor"  is not built to coast. Congratulations. Your idol has increased in power. Hell,  yeah. Your idol is now good in either one of the next two tribal councils. Want  to ask your vote again? You bet your ass. Let's keep this going. I need as  much power as possible for as long as I can in this game. No vote. That's  unfortunate. No vote. But that's okay. All right. I’m not going to get to  vote this tribal council, but I have this hidden immunity idol. That's good  for one of the next two tribal councils. Thank you "Survivor" Gods.  J.t. Got cocky. I don't want to be that guy who got sent home who has an idol  and didn't use it. I will have it in my pocket and ready to rock. I will have  it in my pocket and ready to rock.  How's that coffee coming?  He's over there working hard.  Chris is cranky and tired. I don't know what the hell is wrong with him, but  he has no problem dishing orders out the people while he rests and gets his  beauty sleep. You know what I mean? It's the little things that I just don't  get about him, and they irk me, and, oh, let's remember, he's still after me.  That's all I need to hear. I could care less if he's the greatest guy in the  world. The son of a bitch wants me dead. He's got to go.  The dom and Chris war is going to go on until whichever.  It's going to end real soon. One of us is going home real soon. Don't worry.  We need to extinguish the idol.  I don't know who has the idol.  Dom does. He showed me it.  He showed you it?  I made the cheesiest fake idol you can imagine. So in his mind unless anyone  has told him, Chris, it's fake, he still believes I have an actual idol. I do  have an actual idol, and my legacy advantage, plus I also have the fake idol.  Even though michele on a string is kind of a joke, Chris believes it's real.  Are you sure he has the idol?  Why are so many people so easily --  no, no, no, even if he does, the only way to get rid of it is to blindside  him.  You have no idea. I tried blind siding him twice. Then we kept winning. I was  on Ghost Island the one time we would have done it.  Dom and Chris have been beefing since day one. The merge beech is not big  enough for the beth of them. As soon as one of them leaves the room, they  talk about each other to whoever is around.  He's a loser.  He's an idiot. He's a joke because some of the things that come out of his  mouth are so ridiculous.  I would love to compare myself to the dwyane wades. I started from the bottom  and now I’m here.  Chris has the show the world how great he is.  Life is full of opportunities. Like d-wade in his prime, I’m jumping on it  with two fresh knees.  It's getting old.  Same page, dom.  Good talk, girls.  What are you thinking? Where are you at on this dom-Chris thing?  The only thing with Chris is he is a big target, but then also Chris I don't  feel like he's really going to lie. Like dom. Chris, you could ask him  something. Whatever he tells you, he's probably going to do it. He's loyal.  Okay. But dom, he's so dangerous.  I feel like they're going to need our numbers, so I think we're in a good position.   I do, too.  Perfect day today. Dom and Chris have been at war with each other, taking the  attention off of me and Michael and libbey. It's amazing. I have been at the  bottom so much, now that I’m in more of a powerful position, it feels good to  know that we have a lot of the control and power right now.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. You guys ready to get to your first individual  immunity challenge?  Oh, yeah.  Jeff: First things first, take back tribal immunity. Thank you, Kellyn. Thank  you, Domenick. Tribal immunity no more. This is now what you covet.  Nice.  Jeff: Individual immunity. With this around your neck, you are safe at  tribal. Without it you are not. Shall we get to your first challenge?  Yes.  Jeff: For today's challenge you're going to stand on narrow beam while  balancing a statue on a long pole over your head. At regular intervals you'll  move further down the beam, making it more difficult. If at any point you  fall off or your statue drop, you're out of the challenge. The last person  left standing wins immunity, safe from the vote. Losers, tribal council where  somebody will be the eighth person voted out of this game. We'll draw for  spots. We'll get started. All right. Everybody's in position. Raise your  poles above your head. And this challenge is on. Your first individual  immunity challenge, and it is already burning. As you try to balance on a  beam while balancing a pole with a statue at the end and a million dollars on  the line. Already a little movement from Jenna. Jenna is first out. Set your  pole down, take a spot on the sitout bench. Donathan drops out of nowhere. Dawn  is out. -- Donathan is out that. Is how quickly it can happen. Here comes the  wind. Desiree is out. Mother nature always an obstacle on "Survivor."  Angela drops. Angela is out. We are down to nine. It doesn't take much. You don't  have any wiggle room with this. You'll go in this first section for five  minutes. And then you're going to move further down the beam, and it's going  to get more difficult. Going to get more difficult. It is time now to  transition into that next section. You have to make this transition or you're  out. You have 15 seconds to get there. You just need to be thinking, how do I  maintain this balance while moving further down the beam, knowing it's going  to get more narrow. Everybody has successfully moved into that second  section. Nice job. The challenge continues. Sebastian drops out of nowhere. We  are down to eight. There is no certainty at tribal ever, especially at the  merge. The only thing that is certain is when you have immunity at tribal  council. All right. It is time now to start moving into that last section. You  need to get part of your foot in thread paint at the very end of the beam  where it's very narrow. I'll give you plenty of time. Chelsea, you're there. Kellyn,  you're just an inch away. Domenick can't make the transition. Domenick is  out. No shot at immunity. Everybody else continues to make the transition. You  got 30 seconds to get there. You're good, Kellyn. Michael cannot make the  transition. He's out. Chris can't make the transition. Chris is out. No shot  at immunity. Laurel drops. Wendell, you got to get there. Five, four, three,  two, one. Wendell can't make the transition and Wendell is out. That got a  lot of people, and we're down to three people, Kellyn, Chelsea, and Libby  fighting for immunity. 22 days in, first challenge for individual immunity,  three women showing everybody else how it's done. The wind is moving those  statues a little bit. It's forcing you to work even harder to keep it steady.  A little bit of movement for Chelsea. Nice recovery.  Locked in.  Jeff: Come on, Chelsea. Chelsea drops, Chelsea is out. We're down to two. It is  a showdown, Kellyn versus Libby, for immunity. Right here. A little bit of  movement from both women, their statues.  Libby is getting a little wobbly.  Kellyn is, too. Here comes that wind again. Moving those statues, reminding  you to stay focused. The flags are blowing. More wind. More wobbling. Libby out  of nowhere drops. Kellyn wins first individual immunity. Safe at tribal  council.  You got it, girl!  You won first one.  Kellyn!  Beast mode. Beast mode.  Jeff: Kellyn, come on over.  Great job, kel.  Jeff: Kellyn, safe tonight at tribal council. Can not be voted out of this  game. As for the rest of you, after 22 days, somebody will be voted the  eighth person out. It will not be you. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. See  you tonight at tribal council.  Miss Kellyn came home with the trophy, and I cannot believe it. It's not me  going home tonight, but I’m still very nervous about this vote because dom  and Chris noble have been at each other's throats. This is the tribal where  finally lawns are truly drawn in the sand. [typing sound] [music playing]  good job, Kellyn.  Good job.  That was awesome.  Kellyn won. I’m so happy for her, but since I don't have the immunity  necklace, I need to strategize and make plan. So are we just going to sit  here and be awkward, or are we going to start playing the game? I need to get  water. Des, you coming? Michael, ready to rock?  I decided to take everyone other than Domenick and Wendell to the well. So I got  a question. What is everyone thinking? Because i've talked with some people  and there is an adoll out there. We could get a split vote if that's  something you guys would be open to. Dom and Wendell, they wanted to get Libby  out. I think it just would be best for the whole tribe if we kid that. And I want  everyone maybe to be on that page. How do you guys feel?  I think we're obviously open.  We need to flush the idol.  It's personal for me. Dom just needs to go home. The issue is I don't have a  vote. So I make this fool-proof plan. It's very simple. If dom plays the  idol, Wendell goes home. If dom doesn't, he goes home. How is that not a  great deal for everybody? It's flushing an idol and --  you think one of them has it?  Dom does have it.  Chris's plan makes perfect sense. Domenick and Wendell are a dangerous pair. They're  both smart guys, and they're definitely threats to me. But is this legit? I don't  really know what to believe, whether come may have one or whether Chris just  making it up to put a target on Domenick's back. Truth will tell at tribal,  where people stand. In the event things go crazy, I’m more than willing to  play my idol.  Hit me.  I think everyone just scattered.  I want to get Chris out. He's causing crap. He has to go home. Get this guy  out of here.  When we came back from immunity, Chris brings everyone to the water well except  for dom and myself. It's like, enough is enough, dude. This ego of Chris's is  ridiculous and out of hand, and he has to go. So why don't we line up against  him and see who is not with us.  If we can put together my boy.  Listen to me. I have an idol.  You do?  Good, good.  If you want to stay --  i'm willing to let that thing go today. Let's do this, man.  Because of the way Chris talks to people, it's hard for me to believe that he  could get enough people on board to vote me or Domenick out, so maybe I don't  have to play this idol that's been in my pocket, but if I feel threatened,  i'll pull out the idol and use it and buy myself a couple more days.  We're splitting the votes. You and Wendell. If we can get together, we can  put five on Chris.  Absolutely 100% vote Chris.  Okay. Right now it's just the four of us, but Libby and Jenna want to join us  for this vote. They want Chris out.  I know, but -- I just don't know who to trust out here.  It seems like you guys might be splitting votes on me and dom.  It's an option.  But I don't think this should be a dictatorship. Maybe it should be a  democracy. On everything holy, I will vote for Chris tonight and we can get  this guy out of here and we can live like civilized human beings.  There is a war going on tonight. And people have to decide what side they  want to be on. Chris's side or dom's side.  Guys, the writing is on the wall.  Picking a side is really tough, but it feels really good to be safe tonight. Honestly.   So what's your guys outlook on everything?  Are the boys just going at each other?  Yeah.  Well, if the four of us Naviti girls all vote together, we could get one more  Malolo out.  So who would you go for?  I think it would be Libby, because Michael is an obvious threat, like you  don't have to do any convincing to say Michael should go home.  With Libby you do.  And she can make connections with people and stay under the radar.  There is definitely a war going on around here. And it's beautiful to me. Because  then they lose sight of what's actually happening. With everybody splitting  votes between come, Wendell and Chris, the original Naviti girls can slip  this to get who I want out, which is Libby.  We need to be smart about this.  Yeah.  The is going to be the toughest part of the game.  Yeah, man.  The other side is shooting for me, I’m playing my idol. I’m not afraid to  play an idol.  I know. I know.  Tonight is the night i've been waiting for. This rivalry with Chris will come  to an end. Time and time again he just refuses to let the gaunt let down. So this  is our opportunity to take Chris out, which is something i've been looking to  do since day one.  There's all these advantages out there. Ghost Island offers a lot of not just  advantages but probably idols. So how many idols are we going to have in  play? You know what I mean?  I don't think Chris has anything.  I'm not sure how many relics are sitting out here, but I have my legacy  advantage in my pocket. I can play it at either 13 or six. There's 13 of us  in this game right now. Fear keeps you sharp, so stay fearful at all times. Whether  it's Chris or me that goes home tonight, this is going to be my moment to put  all my chips in and say, I’m taking this guy down.  I'm real sketchy right now if everyone is on board, and maybe if I am  uncertain I should use the idol, but at the same time, my game could last a  lot long ferres I can get through this one tribal and use it at the next one.  Tonight it is a war, and it's time to take dom out. There's blood in the  water. Let's go for the kill.  Jeff: Chris, grab the one unit will torch, dip it in and get fire. This is  part of the ritual at tribal council, because in this game fire represents  your life. When your fire is gone, so are you. So Chrisious first time coming  to tribal. Is this when the game fully kicks in now for you?  Absolutely, jeff. Being here at tribal makes me feel more alive than ever. I know  at some point it can represent your death, but to experience this is  definitely taking the game to another level.  Jeff: Donathan, what have you felt differently these last few days now that  you have 13 people together.  Yeah, there's people I haven't met before that I got the meet and connect,  with and there's old relationships and there's the swap, and there are so  many different connections going on. It's mind boggling.  Jeff: Sebastian, it's interesting that this game can be this complicated and  still often come down to a gut. In your normal life, how much do you rely on  your gut?  It's totally gut, you know? You get that gut feeling when you walk on a  fishing boat and say, that guy might be a douche or that guy could be cool  with me. It could be the complete opposite end of the spectrum when you get  back to the table and have a beer with them.  Jeff: Domenick, that's key. This is typically a game where you have to be  able to adependent and reassess and say, maybe I should talk to that person  again.  That fits in beautifully, jeffrey work the situation i've been dealing with  for the past 22 days with my good friend Chris. Maybe i'll tell my version if  you don't mind.  You can tell your version.  Day one I made a critical error. I think you asked, would anyone have made a  different decision. Of course, I was the only knuckle head to raise my hand. So  I waited a day. I was going to explain to him, Chris, listen, I mend nothing  when I pointed to you on day one, and his immediate response was, do you have  an idol? I said, whoa, what do you mean do I have an idol? He said, I feel  like you're gunning for me man. It felt like an interrogation more than a  conversation. So after that first conversation, I go out and find an idol.  Quite the coincidence. I’m not buying that he went out and found it right  after the discussion.  Oh, hell, you know what, jeff, here it is. I’m not even hiding it anymore. Here.  Here you go, buddy. All right. I’m just going to wear it.  That's the shell.  So I show it to him, and I still can't win this I go's love. I don't know  what else to do with this guy, jeffrey, but this night is an important night.   .  Jeff: This is a showdown.  This is a showdown as far as I’m concern, so I wore my finest attire for  tonight, jeff.  Jeff: Wow.  Jeff: Domenick. You had everyone rivetted. Now the rebuttal.  Look, dom did show me the idol, but I i get back from Ghost Island to find  out they tried to vote ang out because they basically want to get rid of my  closest ally, yet technically we're all in the same Naviti.  Time out. As soon as we swapped, you jumped right on to the Malolo side of  things. That's not us staying strong. We wanted to stay strong.  Because I couldn't trust him.  How do you not trust this man if he has told you everything?  I get your frustration, but this is more between dom and I and my gut telling  me that I can't trust him.  Jeff: Okay. So crazy this is open discussion.  Sorry.  Jeff: now that we're finall together, I’m cool with it being a showdown.  Jeff: Domenick, does that mean one of you two are going home tonight?  I know I’m definitely on the hot plate. There's no question about that. It started  when we went back to camp. 11 of them took off and Wendell and I sat alone.  Bro, it was me and come in the living room chilling.  Jeff: What happened? Where did everyone go?  It seemed like everyone got very thirsty very fast. 11 as a group lined up  and went to get some water.  Jeff: So Angela, is it safe to assume, if you are Domenick and Wendell, that  there were conversations that might play out tonight that you were not privy  to?  It's definitely safe to. Assume, that jeff. And it's easy to say, let's go  with the big plan, but I don't know how many smaller plans there are, so if I  see people rolling and it's the majority, I’m rolling with them.  Jeff: Libby, who was leading the group? Somebody had to say, I’m thirsty.  Yeah, that guy.  Jeff: So Chris went first? Chris, are you still the leader of the pack? You were  selected as leader on day one and it sounds like everybody followed you  today?  I definitely would look at myself as someone a lot of people get along with  and maybe they feel comfortable discussing certain situations with me.  Jeff: So Domenick, this is a fear that Chris and a whole group are doing  something you're not part of.  Absolutely. It's great that I’m wearing this thing, but my buddy right here  is not. They might want to get crafty and I may have to make a decision on  what I want to do to protect my friend or protect myself, so your guess is as  good as mine at this point, but I am genuinely scared tonight.  Jeff: Libby, what is this revelation of dom and Chris say about the stakes of  this game?  Right now, you know, it's 13 of us. You're forming bonds. You're proving  alliances. We all heard Chris. We heard dom out. You don't know who you can  fully trust, who you can't anymore. It's crazy. The stakes are so high.  Jeff: Kellyn, you're the only person that right now is absolutely safe. How does  that feel?  Jeff, everyone knows in "Survivor" the first merge vote is crazy. This  there could be idols. There could be advantages. And just with tribal being  like so open, I’m so glad that it won't be my name that's coming out of that  jar tonight.  Jeff: Chris, at this point when we're getting ready to vote, even though  there is talk of an 11, you really don't know. So what do you do to try to  make sure it's not you tonight?  I have tried to develop the most trust amongst people that i. Can do m and  i's frustrations are our frustrations. That's going to happen. At the end of  the day I think there are true relationship, key alliance, but most  importantly trusting your gut instinct. And I will continue to trust my gut  instinct.  Jeff: All right. Let's find out how it's going to shake out. It is time to  vote. Chris, you're up.  Go get 'em, buddy.  Thank you, bud.  Dom, Wendell, nothing against you guy,. Love you.  Jeff: Chris noble, it's been a pleasure serving you coffee for 22 days. See you  on the other side, brother. See you on the other side, brother.  We won a lot together. Respect for that. But socially you don't know what  you're doing. I hope you stop saying "i" so much. I hope you start  listening to people. Oh, yeah, and finally, somebody had to say it, i'll say  it, stop rapping. You're trash. At rapping. You're garbage at rapping. You can't  rap. You have no bars. Put the mic down, bro. Put the pen down, bro. Use an  eraser.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want the play it, now would be the time to do so. Now would be the time to do  so.  Okay. Jeff, jeff, jeff, I got a better idea. So this is the sierra dawn  thomas legacy advantage. This was actually won by Jacob on day one. He willed  it to Morgan, and she willed it to me. This allows me the play immunity at 13  people left in the game or six. I’m playing it tonight for myself at 13.  Jeff: Thank you.  You got it.  Jeff: This is the legacy advantage. Any votes cast for dom will not count. I'll  read the votes. First vote Chris. Chris. Two votes Chris. Libby. Libby. That's  two votes Libby. Two votes Chris. Chris. That's three votes Chris, two votes Libby.  Chris. Four votes Chris. Chris. That's five votes Chris. Chris. That's six  votes Chris, two votes Libby. Eighth person voted out and first member of our  jury, Chris. That's seven, that's enough. You need to bring me your torch.  Good luck, brother.  It's all good, dude.  Great job.  You know I love you.  Oher torch.  Jeff: Chris, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Well, if tonight's  tribal is an indicator of how the back half of this game is going to go,  everybody better come to play every moment of every single day. Grab your  torches, head back to camp. Good night. Captioning funded by cbs captioned by  media access group at wgbh stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," when you're left in the dark --  i have an idol also.  What?  Domenick and Wendell have too much power right now.  Jeff: And not sure who to trust?  Michael.  Jeff: I want the see the battle of all battles. You've got to keep your eyes  on the prize. Now we're going to move into the delicacies.  I just got blindsided with a damn idol in my pocket. At least I didn't leave  it on the island. I -- dom pulled off the blind side. And some of my own  tribe members wanted me out jt and Chris noble -- are over too this idol is  definitely cursed. I’m going to be having nightmares about this little  haunted thing for a while.