<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor," after the merge, the war between Domenick  and Chris erupted.  It's like an arms race, and these two guys can blow up the world if they  want.  Jeff: But Angela and Desiree had a target of their own.  I think it would be Libby. The original Naviti girls can flip this to get who  I want out, which is Libby.  Jeff: At tribal council, Domenick bluffed with his fake idol. I’m just going  the wear it. And it's the shell.  Jeff: And play his legacy advantage.  I'm playing it tonight for myself.  Jeff: Although Libby received votes, Chris was sent to the jury. Chris, the  tribe has spoken.  Thank you, folks.  Jeff: 12 are left. Who will be voted out tonight?  Let's get this fire going.  Well, first merge tribal, counts for something, right?  Pretty wacky, right?  My name has come up now three tribals in a row, and I don't know why. Emotionally  you just wonder where people's minds are, but whatever I’m doing, I must be  doing something wrong to make myself noticeable. So I just need the make sure  that I keep my eye out for something to help me out a little bit.  I like the shell necklace.  I couldn't get him off my back, man. It's a huge relief to have Chris off my  become after all this time. It's been in the works for so long. I could die  in peace. He was after me. I’m not gloating tonight. I have a lot of respect  for Chris. I know I made a show out there of it, but it was not a proud  moment for me. The one thing I’m concerned about in my performance at tribal  is they may think that maybe I am the threat that Chris thought I was, so I really  didn't want to come off cocky or arrogant, because the second I do that, they  will target me next, but if I can take a step become and not call shots for  the next few days, I will have some more flexibility with these people. Plus  I still are my actual idol many my pocket, which is good, because the war is  far from over. Because the war is far from over.  He's making a kitchen.  I feel like tribal went how we intended it to go. Pretty much a clean sweep  of Chris, finally getting him out of here, but going forward from a Chris  vote, it's a lot less predictable. There are so many side conversations, you  see everyone talking to everyone. So my plan is to stick to the four that  people don't know about, so myself, Domenick, Laurel, and Donathan. And we  bring in our reserves from there.  You all right?  I'm okay.  You seem a little elusive.  From you?  Yeah.  No, I’m good. I would tell you if I wasn't.  I base a lot of my play off non-verbal things. I can tell Laurel has been a  little hesitant, and she gets paranoid, so the more secure she is, the better  it is for our alliance.  So you know dom has an idol.  He actually does have a real one.  He has a real one. He is playing people with that shell. I haven't seen it,  but he says he has one, so that is at our disposal, we can go to the end.  I'm with you guys.  If we're four strong, there's no foursomes out here.  No.  Are you 1,000% top four with me.  Yes. 1,000%. I mean, there's no one else here that I even want to work with.  Okay. Okay. I promise you I’m top four with you. I have an idol also.  What?  Yes.  I know you're lying to me right now. Why are you telling me a lie?  Why do I not have one?  Because you would have told me before.  No.  Domenick and Wendell have a lot of power and a lot of pull. Now he tells me  he found an immunity idol. That's one more time I felt in the dark. I don't  like that. Of course, dom had the legacy advantage and didn't tell me about  it. So it's frustrating to see another thing go their way, and for them to  get another piece of power.  You're the second person that knows that. This is something I didn't want to  share with anyone. This is something I’m telling you.  Every day Wendell and I tell each other we have each other's back 100%, but I  think he's shown I can only trust him to a certain point.  You're blowing my mind right now.  Yeah. That's... Now all my cards are on the table. Four people, two idol,  we're the most powerful combination in this game. Let's get rid of people.  Yeah.  All right.  Wendell, he and dom have too much power right now.  She's 1,000% with us.  Okay.  At some point I need to shake things up. Now that we're at the merge, this is  when you have to start the make the moves.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. You guys ready to get to today's reward  challenge?  Yes.  Sure.  Jeff: For today's challenge you're going to divide into two teams of six. On my  go you'll race across a floating bridge to a slingshot. You'll use it to  launch sandbags at a series of targets. The first team to knock down all six  of their targets wins reward. Want to know what you're playing for?  Yeah.  Jeff: The winning six will enjoy an afternoon of tacos.  Oh, God.  Jeff: Burritos. Quesadillas.  Oh, man.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: And margaritas. [applause] at the "Survivor" taco hut. In addition,  the winning six will send somebody from the losing team to Ghost Island. We're  going to do a schoolyard pick. Draw for captains and we'll get started. All right.  We have our two teams. Running for orange, Domenick, Kellyn, Jenna, Sebastian,  Desiree and Michael taking on Angela, Laurel, Wendell, Libby, Chelsea, and Donathan  for reward. Survivors ready? Go!  You can do it, dom.  Jeff: Domenick and Wendell first.  You got it, Wendell.  Jeff: Wendell, that is how you do it.  Go, Wendell. You got it.  Jeff: Wendell will be to the slingshot first.  Come on, dom. You're all over it.  Jeff: Wendell going way back. And he connects.  Yeah.  Jeff: That's one for purple.  Good job, Wendell.  Jeff: Wendell heads back now. You got to get all the way back to that  platform. Everybody's got to shoot at least once. Laurel now heading out for  purple.  We believe in you. Domenick fires, and that one connects. Domenick's good. We  are tied 1-1 with a giant reward. Here comes Laurel.  Yes!  Jeff: Laurel fires and connects for purple. Purple now leads 2-1. Sebastian launches  high and very deep.  That's too high. A little lower.  Jeff: Here comes Donathan.  Okay, Donathan.  Jeff: Donathan could extend the lead for purple.  He's going too deep. No!  Come back, come back, come back!  Jeff: Sebastian cannot get it done. He is high every time. Big-time setback  for orange. Donathan, that slingshot more powerful than he is.  Pull it back a little harder.  Jeff: Heres back and fires, can't get it done.  Come back.  Jeff: Donathan is going to give up and head back. That opens the door for  orange to tie it up. Michael fires. That was online. Just misses. Here comes Angela  for purple. Way short.  Come back, ang. Come back. Purple has a strategy. They want to get their  weaker players out as soon as possible so the stronger players can get back  in.  We have to get one right now.  Jeff: Right on target that. Will do it. We are tied 2-2.  Let's gosh, let's go, let's go!  Jeff: Here's Chelsea for purple. Come back!  Jeff: Chelsea fulfilling her goal of participating now heads back.  I'm so ready. I’m so ready.  Jeff: Here comes Kellyn. Four targets left for both teams. Taco hut on the  line.  You got it, kel.  Jeff: Releases. Short.  Come back. Come back.  Jeff: Kellyn heads back. Orange now using purple's strategy.  Pull back hard, lib.  Jeff: Come on back, lib. Libby takes one shot. She heads back.  You got it, Wendell.  Jeff: A lot of strategy coming into play now. Here comes Wendell. Everybody has  gone for purple. That opens the door for the stronger players now. Here comes  Desiree.  Go, des, go, des.  Jeff: Nice release. She just misses the target. She's online, though. Desiree  could put orange ahead right here. Wendell fires for purple and Wendell  connects again on his first shot. That's three for purple.  Oh, my God that. Kid is on fire.  Jeff: Wendell has to go back, somebody else has to go in between.  Come back, des.  Jeff: Desiree giving up and heading back. Here comes Laurel for purple. Laurel  has been strong in this challenge.  You got it, Laurel.  Jeff: There it is for Laurel. That's good! Laurel scores the fourth target  for purple. Jenna with her first toss. Weak. In the sand. Jenna now being  told to go back. And here comes Wendell back. Purple has four of their six  down. Orange only has two. Domenick has got to pick up the pace for orange.  How you doing, dom?  Good. How you doing?  I'm all right. You know.  Tacos, dom!  Jeff: Everybody wants it. Domenick scores for orange. That's three. Wendell fires.   Yes!  Jeff: Wendell knocks off fifth. Purple is down to their last target.  Let's go, Michael!  Jeff: Michael trying to close the gap with this launch. Michael scores for  orange. Michael has to get back. Purple down one target. Orange down to two. Laurel  can win it for purple. Domenick heading back out. Laurel running out of  steam.  She might be getting fatigued.  I'm ready.  Jeff: Laurel back, releases. Laurel short. She's exhausted. Laurel is going  to head back. That is the opening orange needs. Domenick just misses.  Come on. You got it.  Jeff: You do not want to let Wendell back. It is Wendell and Domenick again  side by side.  Come on. You got it.  Jeff: Everybody can taste those tacos.  Take your time.  You got it!  Jeff: Wendell could win it for purple right here.  Miss it. Come on.  Jeff: Wendell takes his time for the win... And he does it! Purple wins  reward.  We get tacos.  We're eating good today, guys.  How did we lose that, guys?  Jeff: All right. Purple, in addition to a nice afternoon, you decide who goes  to Ghost Island. You know the drill. If you can unanimously choose one  person, you send them. Otherwise they draw rocks.  Rocks it, is jeff.  Jeff: Rocks it is. Palms out. Everybody reveal. White is going to Ghost  Island. Jenna selects the white rock. Jenna heading to Ghost Island. Jenna,  grab your stuff, head down, the boat will pick you up. Six people will enjoy  reward. Five will go back the camp. And Jenna heads to Ghost Island alone. You  will return back to camp tomorrow morning. Wendell, Libby, Laurel, Chelsea, Angela,  Donathan, grab your stuff, head out, enjoy. Fill those bellies. Desiree, Sebastian,  Domenick, Kellyn, Michael, got nothing for you. Grab your camp.  I'm really excited about this reward. I think it's an opportunity today to be  able to start forming stronger bonds and maybe I can strengthen a bond that's  not so strong. So hopefully I can get the target off my back  right now I’m in this place of being on the bottom. Today when I got that  rock, it was weird. I was almost excited to go. I've heard that you can play  for an advantage or a disadvantage. I’m going to try to have a positive  outlook about being here, because I think we're all playing an individual  game at this point. So I’m trying see if I can get an advantage and really  help propel myself to the end. We're ready. Please let me have something in  here. Nope, not today, no game for you. I smashed my urn and it said,  "no game for you," it was rather disappointing. Coming the Ghost  Island, you feel like, what's the point if I’m not going to play a game. I mean,  people are talking back at camp, and, you know, there's a lot of things that  are going to be happening without me. I’m just like even more pissed off that  I’m not about to eat a huge mexican feast. My positive attitude has gone down  the drain today.  Oh, my goodness.  Oh, my God.  What have we here?  Tiki taco hut. Our team didn't look like we were going to win everything. We have  all the biggest guys in the world on the other team, an we come out and find  a way to win this beautiful reward.  Look at the marguerites. And beer.  Heaven.  Get to work.  Burrito, nachos, enchiladas, whatever you can think of.  Gaucamole, you guys.  Guac.  Especially gaucamole. I'd probably risk immunity for guacamole out here. We didn't  have all the muscle, but we outthought them today. Let's enjoy.  Cheers.  On a personal level, I am extra thankful to be here with Laurel.  Cheers from afar.  She's been an ally of mine for the past couple weeks. Super strong  competitor, but she seemed a little shaky this morning. It's good to have her  out here to tighten our bond. And I also have Donathan out here, Laurel's  right-hand man, who I want to be very close with, because me, Domenick, Laurel  and Donathan are my top four.  Last night was epic.  Yeah.  Like I didn't see any of that. I mean, all of you guys obviously saw it, but  I did not see it.  I didn't see it. Again, I don't know what I’m doing wrong. Tell me if I’m doing  something wrong.  Because of your name?  Yes.  I have no idea. I think it was an easy name, not anything bad.  I think it was originally you and Michael were close, and I think that's  where your name even came around.  Once you have that tag or bull's-eye on your back, it's hard to get rid of.  The reason why my name was written down is because of Michael, because they  think we're a power couple, and it sucks, because I wanted to be in an aligns  with him, but at this point right now, I have to make a move. And get my game  stronger.  I feel like the sun's going to come out today and it's going to be great.  How do you feel about the game?  I'm feeling good. I mean, I think it's definitely good having Chris out of  here. I think that was the right person to go.  I think everybody is in consensus with that.  Chris was an easy vote. There was no giant split and no lines were truly  drawn, which is usually the case with the first volt after the merge, so now  that Chris is gone, it's more of an every man for themselves, and right now I’m  trying solidify my alliance and making sure I’m setting myself up for the  best end game possible. I’m a little bit nervous about the guy, come -- dom  and Wendell, the pair.  They're both strong.  Wendell and Domenick, them two as a pair is really dangerous, because they're  working together, and I think that's why it's important to get the biggest  threat between the two of them out.  Who would you do first, though?  Id probably say Wendell. I think that Angela got worried after the vote out  of Chris, so I was happy to hear that she might be kind of an extra number  for us as far as the next vote goes.  You were the only person out of the loop last time.  Yeah.  They didn't think they could trust you.  Throughout my relationship with Chris, he wasn't open to any idea but his  own, so now I feel that I’m free to play my own game, and I’m definitely  going to use what I learned in the military being with my psychological  operations and civil affairs unit, and I’m going to stir the pot. I’m going  to get some emotions going.  This is what Michael said, I shouldn't trust you guys because it was you and Chelsea  that didn't want to share the information about Chris. When people start  hearing their name is put out, they get in defense mode. It starts a war. And  that's what I want to see. I want to see the battle of all battles.  I just got pissed off for the first time.  Why? What happened?  I want to be the triumph that's holding that sword at the end of the war and  all these casualties are laying down and I’m standing tall and proud,  because, you know, I made those casualties.  We're all going to be on the same page. I think that page right now is...  I went over to talk to Michael. He said, "i want to break up the dom and  Wendell alliance. I said well, if you were to pick one, he said, i'd rather  get Wendell off first.  Michael?  Michael. I like this kid.  He said Wendell is going to continue to win and he's strong.  It sounds like Michael has been throwing my name out there as target. Michael  has been stirring up the pot. He's been running around throwing everybody  under the bus. Maybe we again have a common easy vote. So get him out of  here.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. Let's get to today's immunity challenge. First  things first, Kellyn, got to take back the necklace.  Fun while it lasted.  Jeff: Thank you. Once again immunity is back up for grabs. Today you're going  to compete in a "Survivor" classic. This dates back to season one. It  is a "Survivor" food-eating competition. It's very simple. It will  play in rounds. Last person left standing wins immunity, safe from the vote. Losers  tribal council where somebody will be the ninth person voted out, the second  member of our jury. The end is within sight now. You don't want the let  something as simple as mind over matter stand in between you and your goal of  winning this game. Draw for spots. We'll get started. It's going to be good. All  right. Here we go. Reveal. The most nutritious part of the fish, the fish  eye. These were given to us by local fishermen. The meat is feeding their  families. The eyes are going to feed you. Ites very simple. First three  people to show both eyes down and show me an empty mouth move on. Survivors ready?  Go! This could go quickly. Someone might swallow these out of the gate. Open your  mouth when you've got it. Michael you're good. Take a step back. We're looking  for two more. Libby trying to shove it down. Jenna still working on it.  Come on, Libby, you got it.  <br/>Jeff: Desiree you're good, Laurel, you're good. Libby, too late. Desiree, Laurel,  Michael moving on. Next six, it is the same thing. First three to finish move  oned to next round. Here we go. Survivors ready? Go! Wendell not even close.  [coughing] Chelsea spits back up. Angela, you're good. Moving on. Sebastian is  good, moving on. It comes down to Kellyn and Domenick. One person going to  move on. Both chewing quickly. Domenick, your good, moving on. Kellyn,  seconds away. Wendell didn't even try. Now that you're warmed up, let's make  things a little more interesting. Go ahead and reveal.  Oh, my God.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: It wouldn't be a "Survivor" eating challenge without this. This  is the beet l larva, the grub that jervis couldn't get down in season one. Will  it stand between you and your goal of getting to the end? Here we go, first  three to get all three down move on. Survivors ready? Go. Domenick shoves it  in. Desiree chewing. Laurel trying to tear it off. Angela is not messing  around.  Go, ang. Go, Laurel.  Jeff: Michael you're good. Sebastian, you're good. And act is good, just  beating out Desiree. Wow. That was fast. All right. Moving on to the next  round. Sebastian, Michael, and Angela. Now we'll move into the delicacies. Everybody  reveal. This is the sea slug. These are all over the ocean floor. You probably  have been swimming past them. First two to get both all the way down and show  me an empty mouth move oned to final round. Immunity on the line. Here we go.  Survivors ready? Go!  Go, ang.  Jeff: Angela out of the gate shoves an entire slug down her mouth. Wow. Michael  working hard. Sebastian trying the stay in this.  It's delicious.  Jeff: Angela now is stuck and putting it back out. I don't know which is more  disturbing.  You got it, ang.  Jeff: Angela now going to have to tear it apart. Michael has been very calm,  slowly working through his first slug. Now he's working on the second. Nobody  wants to go to tribal tonight without security. Immunity in this game is  everything. Michael got it. Moving on to the final round. It is now Sebastian  and Angela. Angela's got it. We have our showdown. Michael versus Angela. Good  job. Wow. That was a lot of protein.  That was gag-o-rifick, bro.  Jeff: Showdown between Michael and Angela, reveal. One of the most  sought-after delicacies in Fiji, the mother of pearl, this is the meat and  there is a lot of it. All right. Stakes are clear. Here we go for immunity. Survivors  ready? Go!  Go, ang.  Jeff: Michael and Angela both with the same strategy. They just start shoving  it down. The meat of the mother of pearl. Angela is on fire. If she can  swallow it.  Swallow that!  Get it, girl.  Jeff: Angela continues to shove it down. Michael trying to stay in this. He's  going to have to pick it up, because lang is not messing around.  Focus.  Jeff: Angela still got a handful. But she's got a bit of a lead on Michael  right now. Michael cannot take too much time to get this down. You want  immunity, you need to pick it up, brother, because lang is on it.  Beast mode. Beast mode, let's see it.  Jeff: Lang puts her last piece. A ton of meat. Michael swallows another  piece. Michael is down to his last piece. It won't matter. Angela has it! Lang  wins individual immunity, safe from tribal council.  Wow, ang.  Jeff: Good job.  Nice job.  Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Beast mode.  Don't kiss me. Oh, God.  I just want to say I ate it all.  Jeff: Do it. [applause]  good job, Michael.  Jeff: So, Michael, what was that about? The challenge is over, and you wanted  to finish.  Yeah, I mean, I’m never going to eat stuff like that every again in my life.  I’m probably only going to play "Survivor" once. Got to do it while  i. Can.  Jeff: Michael, you were close, not close enough. Angela, come on over. Angela,  individual immunity is yours. You are safe tonight at tribal council. As for  the rest of you, after 25 tough days on "Survivor," somebody will  be the ninth person voted out and the second member of our jury. It won't be  you. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. See you tonight at tribal. Congrats.   It's always a disappointment to lose immunity, but I do feel good about the  plan that I have been working on the past couple of days, you know to, blind  side Wendell. Wendell and Domenick, they're a two-headed snake, so we got to  get Wendell out.  The sea slug slugger.  It's a great feeling winning immunity, but beating Michael was definitely a  priority on my list. And now I feel that it's an easy vote, because I had a  plan to stir the pot, and it worked. So I actually feel like I have a little  bit of power right now. And it's definitely something new and energizing and  fun. What's going on?  I don't know.  I think everybody is on the same page. Michael.  I haven't heard any page, though. What's happening?  I think that the consensus is that we want to take Michael out tonight, but  obviously it's a group decision.  I'm in no position to have control.  I don't want you to feel like you aren't in a position to have any pull. If you  think about it, you guys... We're depending on you all more than you're  depending on us. If Michael has the idol, I think we should have back-up just  in case. I think it should be like five for Michael and someone else. Even though  we're at the merge, it's still the original Naviti and original Malolo. If we  can pull in Laurel and Donathan, we can split the votes in case there is an  idol between Michael and Libby.  Put five votes on Michael, four votes on Libby, that's if we all stick with  the plan.  Hi.  Hi.  How are you? What are you thinking for tonight?  I think I’m stuck in the middle, to be honest with you.  Is Naviti splitting votes and Malolo actually votes together, we could  blindside any of them. I think that Naviti is staying strong, but if they  decide to split the vote, the five of us could vote out anybody at this  point. We've been broken apart and beaten up. Now is our time to be strong. And  if I decide the play my idol tonight, I know I’m safe for one more vote, but  i'd not like to do that ideally if I don't have to.  Who would you want to go?  I'd say Wendell.  My core alliance is myself, Donathan, Domenick, and Wendell, but I think it  would be a really big move to take out Wendell and probably something for a  resume. The issue is whether or not I want to continue working with him. But if  he senses what's going on, he could play his idol. This is going to determine  the course of the game and my future in the game. So it's a huge decision  tonight.  I'm deciding whether we should be dangerous tonight or not. The closer I get  it to, the more my gut is telling me the stay with Malolo for one more. I think  we would have a better chance. The more I weigh it, the more I kind of get  nervous of a Malolo going tonight. I just have a gut feeling today. I was  like, I’m not going to win this game if there's too much Naviti on one side,  but if I go against them and it doesn't work out for us, next tribal pretty  much probably probably be me.  You think that's the best way?  The person I do trust always has been Laurel, but if I pull this off, it  would be one of the best things for my game.  So it's looking like Michael. Vote the way the majority is voting and it  shows you're on board. It's smart thing to do.  I talked to dom, and they're voting for Michael some my back is up against  the wall thinking, now I have to vote against my former ally because I have  to save myself.  Thank you.  Jeff: It sucks because I hate being that person.  We have five right now, all five Malolo. They're splitting their votes on the  other side.  Who are they splitting the votes for?  Between you and mike.  Dom is like, Libby, you're fine. And Donathan tells me they're splitting  votes between me and Michael. Wait, what?  I want the keep this side together for one more vote so we can be on an even  playing field.  Yeah, yeah. We're trying the stay Malolo strong. If we all vote together,  this might be the start of an entirely new game for me, but I don't know who  to believe anymore. It's like who do you trust, who do you not trust, can we  stay Malolo strong? I’m really torn about what to do tonight.  I feel good about it.  The only people I can't read is Laurel and Donathan.  Yeah. We'll find that truth out tonight.  Going into tribal, I have eric's idol, and he made the most bone-headed move  in "Survivor" fans versus favorites. I don't want eric's curse to  continue, but the thing is, in the game of "Survivor," I have to be  willing to take risk, so I am trying to not have to play it tonight. You can't  necessarily trust everything you hear on the island. You have to start really  listening to things and cues in tribal. There's absolutely a danger, but  hopefully I make it through  jeff: Now bring in the first member of our jury. Chris voted out at the last  tribal council. All right, Angela, let's start with today's challenge. You physically  looked like a different woman today. And then your actions backed it up. What  happened?  Going into it, jeff, I was sick of being on the bottom. I kept being left out  of conversation, not knowing things until the last minute, so I knew I needed  to win and take control of my own game.  Jeff: Sebastian, Angela took a sea slug and just swallowed it.  It was pretty impressive on her part. I’m a seafood entrepreneur, and it's just  impressive to see a woman eat a sea slug better than I can. [laughter]  jeff: Donathan, when you see an effort like that, are you feeling the game  ratchet up in  yeah, like in these past few days, people have been going off and doing their  thing now. Alliances are being formed, and it's not Malolo and Naviti  anymore. It's a whole new game.  Jeff: Desiree, do you agree with that, or are you still feeling this tug, Naviti,  Malolo, should I break apart? Are we at that point where big moves are really  being considered?  If you're not considering big moves right now, you're not playing the game. If  that's staying with Naviti, then that's staying with Naviti. If that's going  to Malolo, then it's going to Malolo. It's all about how it brex down for you  at the end of the day.  Jeff: Domenick, does the new final tribal council format favor players who  make moves versus the do it -- the coattailer, because now you can brag about  your game?  Absolutely. The new tribal format will allow people to come out here and turn  on their best friend and then have the ability to explain the situation to  them at the end as to why they had to do it.  Jeff: Wendell, is the risk that the savvy coattailer will say let the big  lions eat each other and i'll be the vulture that comes in and picks up the  scraps.  That's a huge risk. You see the biggest guy sitting on the jury right. Now when  one big dog is gone, another one seems to emerge, but then he becomes the guy  people go after. So it's a huge risk, yes.  Jeff: Michael, how many moves down the road are you making right now? Because  you can't make so many that you lose sight of tonight.  Right. For me it's all about tonight. I just think that, you know, maybe  people are getting too comfortable or aren't really considering making the  moves early on that they might need to.  Jeff: Laurel, really interesting comment. I think people might be getting too  comfortable.  Yeah, you know, Naviti still has the power, whether they say it or not,  there's still this divide. That's what us Malolo crew is trying to tell them.  They're not all on the. To we're just trying to get someone in the group to  make a move and use us while we're still here.  Jeff: Chelsea, Laurel is basically saying that if you are a part of a real  majority, are you sure you're not the bottom?  Honestly, if you're at the bottom of the lineup, you're an idiot for staying  where you are, because congratulation, you find yourself on the jury.  Jeff: Wendell, the trick is to convince everybody they're above you.  Pretty much, yeah.  Jeff: Where you just preach what you want people to believe. You're always on  top. You're fine. Go to sleep.  It sounds cult-like, jeff. It actually does.  Jeff: And yet, Domenick, everyone knows the lie.  You're right. It's no joke out here. You can have as many conversations as  you want, but you know you're getting b.s.ed, and especially at this point in  the game, you just don't know if someone is going to jerusalem ship -- jump  ship at any point.  Jeff: Kellyn, why would it make sense for somebody to jump ship?  Not only would it be a big jump, but it would probably take some masterful  convincing, because to make the move from purple to orange doesn't really  make sense. Because you are still at the bottom. So it's time to draw the  lines in the sand, and I think we're going to learn more after tonight's  tribal than we have any other.  Jeff: So what's the criteria for you tonight, Michael? What's the move?  You know, it's making the right move when you've got the numbers, and, you  know, in other people's minds, maybe that's the right time to get me out,  because they have the numbers, but I think that it goes both ways. You know,  you can sit on a time bomb for too long and it might blow up right in your  face. I think that everybody really has to think about the moves that they  have available and, you know, think about when it's the right time to seize  the moment.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Desiree, you're up. I'll go tally the  votes. The anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want the play it, now  would be the time to do so. Play it, now would be the time to do so. Maybe I’m  being a little paranoid, but i'd sure hated to go home with this thing in my  pocket. So this was ozzy's fake hidden immunity idol from "Survivor"  back in 2007. This one is for ozzy.  Jeff: This is not just a stick anymore. This is a real idol. Any vets cast  for Michael will not count. I'll read the votes. First vote Michael. Does not  count. Michael. Does not count. Michael. Does not count. Michael. Does not  count. Michael. Does not count. Michael. Does not count. Michael. Does not  count. Wendell. That's one vote Wendell. Libby. One vote Libby. Libby. That's  two votes Libby. One vote Wendell. Ninth person voted out and the second member  of our jury, Libby. That's three, that's enough, you need to bring me your  torch.  Good luck, guys.  Bye, Libby.  Sorry, lib.  That's all right. Good luck.  Well played, sir.  Jeff: Libby, the tribe has spoken.  See you guys.  Bye, lib.  Jeff: Well, "Survivor" is often compared to a roller coaster ride.  25 days in, our second member of the jury and Ghost Island still in play,  this ride is far from over. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night.  Captioning funded by cbs captioned by media access group at wgbh  access.wgbh.org  jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," there's hope for Malolo.  I'm ready to take out Naviti.  Jeff: When they're given the ammo.  Des is trying to rally Malolo against you guys.  Jeff: It could blow the game wide open.  One of the Malolo is going home.  Things are about to go bust out here.  For the past three tribals i've randomly had my name written down, and it  really sucks, because you really do put some trust in people. I did  everything I could. I won challenges. I won food rewards, and I made  alliances. I’m proud of myself, and I’m grateful and blessed for this  experience.