<br/>Jeff: Previously is on "Survivor," facing tribal council, a unified  Naviti had a plan of attack.  We're splitting the votes in case there is an idol between Michael and Libby.   Jeff: At tribal council, Michael played his idol. This is not just a stick  anymore. Any votes cast for Michael will not count. And Libby was sent to the  jury. Libby, the tribe has spoken. Leaving the seven Naviti on top and Michael  on the bottom of the remaining four Malolo. 11 are left. Who will be voted  out tonight? Captioning funded by cbs  Laurel, remind me to tell you this dream I had. It was me and you having  breakfast in your kitchen and martin sheen was your father, and you made the  best bacon, egg, and cheese on english muffin sandwiches and we're eating it  like animals.  Everybody is so hungry.  Food is scarce. I woke up this morning and it all just hit me, but I know  what it's like to not have food many my stomach. I've dealt with it when I was  homeless. And through that experience, it gave me what I needed to play Survivor.  That's what I’m using to keep myself going day by day in order to make it to  the end.  The plan is for everybody to stay Naviti strong and cut off the rest of Malolo.  But that's not going to work for me, because I’m at the bottom of Naviti. So this  might sound like a crazy move to y'all, but I’m ready the take out Naviti.  00%.  If I don't shift things now I’m going on with maf and a half strong and  having everyone rule my vote. I didn't come out to Fiji to be told what to  do. I came out here the make big moves, and I have this feeling in my gut  this is the right moment.  We could use mike toll get out Kellyn. Then we could get out Wendell and dom.   They have all the power and they know it.  I know I can pull in ang and Chelsea so we'll have a majority.  I felt pretty good about rolling with the Naviti crew and staying tight with  dom and Wendell. I kept it hidden from everyone the entire time, but now  there's talk about overthrowing that side, so once again I’m kind of caught  in the middle. And which way I go will have a huge impact on the direction of  the game going forward.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. You guys ready to get to today's reward challenge?  Yes, sir.  Yes.  Jeff: For today's challenge you'll be divided into two teams of five. On my  go, two members of each team will paddle in to rescue their other team  members from three cages. You will then use the keys to unlock a series of  puzzle pieces. You'll use the pieces to solve a giant "Survivor"  puzzle. First team to finish wins reward. Want to know what you're playing  for in.  Yeah.  Jeff: The winning five will be flown by chopper to a beautiful bluff.  No way.  Jeff: Overlooking the Fijian islands where you will enjoy a picnic.  Oh.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Bread, meat, cheeses, and brownies for dessert. In addition, the  winning team will send somebody from the losing team to Ghost Island. This is  going to be a schoolyard pick with 11 people. That means one person will not  be chosen to compete, will thereforehave nose chance to win reward and cannot  be sent the Ghost Island. We'll draw for captains and choose our teams. All right.  We have our two teams. For orange, it is Michael and Sebastian rescuing Chelsea,  Kellyn, and Jenna. For purple, it is wendi davidson -- Wendell and Domenick  rescuing Laurel, Desiree, and Angela. Donathan was not picked. He has no shot  at reward, no shot at Ghost Island. Here we go. Survivors ready? Go! First you  got to release your boat in the front and back and then start paddling to  that first cage.  Go, guys!  Jeff: You must untie to release.  Let's go, dom. Paddle. Paddle out, paddle out.  Jeff: Sebastian and Michael doing a nice job with the early lead. Once you  get to the platform, somebody gets off, you start untying. Chelsea cannot  help untie. Up to Sebastian now. Michael will try to hold on to that  platform. Wendell jumps on to the platform. Domenick has to get it back. He's  having a hard time has the boat continues to pull away from the platform. Chelsea  is free.  Good job, boys.  Jeff: Orange now moving on to their second cage. Laurel is free. Domenick struggling  to get that volt back to the cage again. It is orange in the early lead. Once  again good strategy by orange. Michael is trying to hold on the that platform  as Chelsea and Sebastian now work to untie Kellyn.  Straighten out the boat, you guys.  Jeff: Once again purple struggling with their boat.  Let's go, guys.  Jeff: Orange is starting to pull away early now. Kellyn is now free.  Keep digging. It's not over. Go!  Jeff: Purple is to the second cage. Sebastian leads orange quickly to their  third and final cage.  Let's go, let's go, let's go. Hurry up.  Jeff: Desiree is free now. She's got get in the boat. She's inch wendi wendi Wendell  b Jenna free for orange. Purple still has one person left to rescue.  Together.  Jeff: On the right side. Orange now with a nice lead. You have to get tied in  now.  This way so it doesn't bounce as much.  Jeff: Purple trying to get to Angela. Wendell is there. Going to start  untying. You're good. One person now unlock the puzzle pieces.  Come on, guys.  Jeff: Mikele with the three keys for orange. Purple still working to release Angela.   The bottom, the bottom, the bottom.  Come on, come on, come on.  Jeff: Purple has rescued Angela. They can now start paddling to shore. Michael  has the third lock undone. Orange now can start transporting these very heavy  puzzle pieces to the finish platform where they can start building the  puzzle. Here comes purple working together trying to close the gap. Got to  get it tied in. You're good. One person on the keys now. Orange already  transporting puzzle pieces, trying to capitalize on this early lead.  Let's go.  Jeff: Wendell has the third lock undone. Now it's a race to get your puzzle  pieces up there. Orange, you're good. Start solving the puzzle. Purple still  with several pieces left to get up there. Orange with a huge lead right now.  Here, this pease goes in.  Jeff: Can orange finally reverse the curse Malolo almost winless this season  regardless of the tribe members.  Stand it up.  Jeff: Purple you're good. Start solving. Exhaustion already setting in.  Guys, we need a tall skinny piece.  Jeff: Michael is taking the lead for orange. If he's right, he would be  leading his team to a big victory.  There, there.  This goes here. This goes there.  Jeff: Domenick barking out orders at purple. He seems to have an idea what he  wants to do. Orange continues to place pieces.  Why would it saint wit again, two times?  Jeff: Purple trying to get back in this. They're moving a lot of pieces  around.  This is wrong.  Jeff: But is it resulting in action that matters?  Are there joke pieces out here? This is a decoy. They got decoy pieces out  here.  All right. This one goes next to that one. Get that one out of there.  Jeff: Purple now increasing the pace. They know they have to pick it up.  Outplay. Look, look, look.  Why does it say Survivor twice?  There's an extra piece. There's a couple extra pieces.  Bottom left. You're right, you're rights.  Jeff: Orange very close if they're right.  Come on, come on, let's go.  Jeff: Purple sees it slipping away. This would be the first win by orange in  a long time.  Yes!  Jeff: They think they have it and they do. Sebastian, Jenna, Kellyn, Chelsea,  and Michael. All right. Kellyn, Michael, Chelsea, Jenna, Sebastian, nice  afternoon waiting for you. Before you leave, you're sending one person from  the losing five to Ghost Island. You know the drill. It's either a unanimous  decision or you force them to draw rocks. Donathan is not part of this.  Rocks it is. Rock it is then.  Jeff: Rocks it is. Leave it up to chance. All right. Everybody reveal.  Ang.  Jeff: Angela going to go to Ghost Island. You can drop your rocks. Grab your  stuff. Angela heading off to Ghost Island.  Stay strong, ang.  Jeff: You will return in time for the next immunity challenge. Kellyn, Michael,  Chelsea, Jenna, Sebastian, a nice afternoon awaits. Come get your picnic. Head  out.  Have fun, guys. En joy. You earned it.  Eat, bro.  Jeff: Desiree, Wendell, Laurel, Domenick, got nothing for you.  After last tribal, I’m the biggest target in this game. A whole lot is not  going to change unless I’m able to kind of stir this pot a bit. So this  reward is the perfect opportunity to find some cracks in the Naviti group and  get myself back in the game.  It is just me or does it feel like we're flying into jurassic park right now.   This is so cool. This is the gnarliest thing i've ever done. Riding in a  helicopter is incredible. The doors were down. We were talking to each other,  cracking jokes the whole time. I was literally smiling ear to ear. I’m still  smiling just thinking about it. You don't even need to when you get highs  like that. It was so sick.  Look how much salmon. Look how much. My dream came true.  Shall we do a little toast here?  Cheers.  Sandwich on a bluff.  The fact that I saw seven votes at the last tribal really made this reward  that much sweeter for me, because rewards open people up more to, you know,  talking strategy and discussing different options.  Guys, this seriously might be one of the west meals i've ever had in my life.  With that being said, I know I’m like on the very bottom, but now that I am  essentially completely powerless, I hope that, you know, you guys can see  some value in me moving forward as an extra number. I want to throw that out.  I’m here. I’m a loyal vote.  Day by day. You never know what's going to happen tomorrow.  Michael says I’m willing to work with you all, and Sebastian and Chelsea were  kind of like, hmm, well, you never know. That's a great sign that we're still  Naviti strong, and neither of them is willing to switch on the plan that I want  to keep going down, which is getting Michael next.  That sandwich is as big as your head, Kellyn.  Things keep going my way, and I can feel my game ramping up, so all things  are looking swell on this blast in the middle of Fiji.  Going the Ghost Island and not knowing exactly what I’m going into raises my  anxiety level, but at the same time, I want experience. It wouldn't be Survivor  without experiencing all the elements. And if I have a slight chance of an  advantage, heck, yeah, I would rather be at ghost than back at chance. Would rather  be at ghost than back at chance. Game on. Ghost Island game of chance, the  odds have improved. Two of those hold power. Risk your vote to play. Well, we  have the numbers. Without my vote, it wouldn't matter. I have a 2-3 chance to  have an advantage. That's huge. The original Naviti has the numbers, and I think  they're going to stay solid. So this is worth the risk. I got to go for it. I’m  going to go with three. No vote. Well, it's all about chance, and I lost it.  I was so disappointed when it said "no vote." and I was like, oh,  did I make a bad decision? Because if there's strategy talk while I’m gone  and we're no longer going Naviti strong, my no vote potentially could mess up  my game.  Are you up with what they were talking about earlier this morning?  I don't love it. What do you think about it?  I'm open it to.  I just feel safer with dom and Wendell. I've been trying to decide to go  along with des's plan to go after the big threats of Naviti, but the truth is  I trust dom and Wendell a lot more than I trust dez. I decided to show them  your bottom people don't want to be on the bottom any longer. They're trying  to make a move.  Okay. So I feel like I don't know what's going on with des, because des is  trying to rally Malolo four against you guys. Which I obviously don't want to  do.  All right. So that whole plan --  her and Chelsea and them want you guys out.  Which is me and Wendell and Kellyn. Apparently some of the Naviti girls  decided they want to take control of their own fate and flip on some of the  big threats in this game. I’m not surprised. It makes complete sense that  these weaker Naviti players are ready to make a move, and if they're willing  to go against the family, I got to do something about it.  Oh, thank God you're out.  What's up?  I'm hearing from Laurel believe it or not that des and Chelsea are going to  work with the Malolo four to take out me, you, and Wendell. They realize they  have to create a resume, they have to start taking out big players.  No way.  Why?  I just don't believe that. I've been with des from the beginning. I get from  like the most beautiful day i've had in my life, and then dom was in my ear,  you're in trouble, and those people i've been working with the closest are  the ones that are coming after me. If Chelsea is against me, then she spent  the entire day playing me.  We got to figure something out.  None of this is adding up. Me, des, and Chelsea are unbreakable. They would  never turn on me like that. Clearly someone is trying to take the target off  of Michael, and I’m telling you, it's never going to happen.  Jeff: What's going on over there?  They want me out of here so bad.  If you have another idol, now would be the time to play it.  I don't, but I think there's a good chance there could be one here.  I'll go look. Do you want to?  Yeah. Clearly I’m on the bottom. I’m not afraid if anybody knows I’m looking  for an idol. I’m sure everyone is expecting me to. Donathan wanted to look,  as well. Part of me didn't want to go searching with him. I think it's one of  the biggest mistakes in this game the share with really anybody that you have  a hidden immunity idol, but I’m at the point in my game where it's a matter  of me going home next vote or doing everything I can to find one. Home next  vote or doing everything I can to find one.  No way. No way. Oh, my God. Congratulations. This is scot's authentic  immunity idol from the 32nd season, brains versus brawn versus beauty. Scot trusted  his ahynes believing they would combine idols to form a super idol.  The super idol can be play together after the votes have been read.  So scot did not play his idol.  Jeff: Ninth person voted out and the fourth member of his jury, scot.  Tai changed his mind.  Wow. It is considered one of the biggest betrayals in "Survivor"  history. This tainted idol now has no power on its own, but when paired with  tai's matching idol it becomes a regular idol with full power. Tai's idol is  hidden underneath the center of your shelter. Can you reverse the curse? I’m just  like freaking out, because now i've got to dig under the shelter for this  other idol that is supposed to be paired with this one. I’m like, how in the  hell am I going to do that. So I popped my as right there in the middle of  the shelter.  What's up, big boy? You want to make rice?  I think it's already started. It felt like the whole world was watching me. Like  when is one going to come through this wood. When is one going to come from  the damn ocean.  Should I put my hair back up or leave it down?  It looks good.  Tell me if I need to pull it back.  It was the nerve-rackingest thing I had to do out here for sure.  I don't want the make it obvious. I got Laurel over here with me. Then here  comes Jenna and Michael. I’m like, you got to help me.  There's an idol under here. I have to get the thing.  Let me get my canteen. I'll go fishing.  Thankfully Domenick and we had a moment together. Finally I get that baby up.  I was like, yes, you know. I thank you guys. I found something that's going  to help me in this game, if it's to save Malolo, if it's to save me. I feel  like these two babies are locked and load and ready to go and hopefully they  reverse the curse. And hopefully they reverse the curse.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. We'll now bring in lang returning from Ghost Island. Welcome  back. Shall we get to today's immunity challenge?  Yes, sir.  Jeff: First things first, Desiree brought your necklace back, Angela, andly  take it. Thank you. Once again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's  challenge, you're going to balance a ball on a disk attached to two rows. At regular  intervals you'll move your hands further down the rope, making it more  difficult to balance. If at any point your ball drops, you're out of the challenge.  Last person left standing wins immunity, safe at the vote. Losers tribal  council where somebody will be the tenth person voted out, third member of  our jury. Draw for spots. We'll get started. All right. For immunity. Survivors  ready? Go. This challenge is on. We'll stay at this spot for ten minutes. Everybody  very solid out of the gate. Wendell with a night recovery. Wendell drops  quick limp Wendell first out. No shot at immunity. Just like that we're down  to ten. Jenna drops. Des on the move. She drops. It's like it was contagious.  Laurel drops. Angela drops. Michael's ball is now moving quickly. Can he save  it? And he does. Wow. Within a few seconds we lost half the group. And we're  down to six less than a minute into this challenge. It's a good reminder that  you can't let somebody else's anxiety knock you out. Donathan's ball is on  the move. Donathan drops. We're down to five. We have run this challenge  before, and it has gone for a long time. That may not be the case today. Chelsea  rock solid. Just like that Domenick's ball takes off and Domenick is out. We are  two minutes in and we have already lost seven of the 11. Never seen anything  like this. We're down Chelsea, Sebastian, Kellyn, and Michael for immunity. You've  got stay present in this challenge. Sebastian's ball starts to move. Nice recovery.  He centers it back. The closer to center the more room you have to try to  save yourself. One minute left in this round. All you have to do is survive a  little longer and you will move on to the next round. Out of nowhere Michael's  ball starts the move. Michael is out. We're down to three. Take heed. That is  how fast you can be out of this challenge. Michael was rock solid. The slightest  bit of movement and that ball takes off. We'll go ten minutes in this first  round. And then we will move further down the rope, making it even more  difficult. All right. We're now further back, hands further down on the rope.  Much tougher to balance. And we will go for 15 minutes.  Someone's going down real fast rights now.  Jeff: Chelsea with a little bit of movement. In her rope. Those forearms  struggling. Sebastian with a little more movement. Another nice recovery. Somebody  is going home tonight. Somebody will become the third member of the jury. Kellyn  drops. Frustrated. And we are down to two. It is a showdown. Chelsea and Sebastian  fighting for immunity and security at tribal council.  Whoa, man.  Jeff: Fatigue now starting to set in. Bodies now starting to shake. Sebastian's  ball suddenly on the move. He's right on the edge of disaster. But he is  still in it. Chelsea is shaking. Sebastian moving again. Can he save it  again? He does. That's two saves. Make it three. Sebastian drops. He's out. Chelsea  wins individual immunity, third woman in a row to wear that necklace.  Good job, chels.  Jeff: That was a showdown. Chelsea, come on over. [applause]  good job, chels.  Jeff: Nice job. Individual immunity is yours. You continue the dominance by  women in the individual challenges in this game. Third woman in a row to win.  You are safe tonight. As for the rest of you, sadly, after 27 very tough days  in this game, the dream of getting to the end will fall short for one of you.  Tribal council tonight. Somebody will be the tenth person voted out, the  third member of our jury. It won't be you. Congrats. Grab your stuff.  The game plan out of the gate was Michael is going home tonight, but I believe  strongly that the goats are coming together to form an alliance and we need  to be prepared and get ahead of it before it bites us in the butt.  Nice job, chels.  Thank you, guys.  You looked like a stud.  The women are out there doing their thing. Good job, ladies.  The immunity challenge went perfectly. Kellyn lost. And now I can put my plan  in effect, because Kellyn's dangerous. She has good relationships with  people. She has a great personality. And she's playing this game way harder  than anybody thinks. So if I’m sitting next to Kellyn at the final three, she  wins hands down. So she has to go.  What happened yesterday?  At camp?  Yeah, anything?  No.  Dom makes me nervous because he's paranoid all the time. I've gotten this far  in the game by trusting my gut instead of listening to everyone else around  me, and dom's been paranoid every vote, and now he's trying to bring me into  that. And it's not going to work. Dom was panicked last night when I came  back.  About what?  That you and Chelsea were coming after me. This morning I woke up, and I’m like,  there's in way that that's what des and Chelsea are going to do, I have been  with those girls since day one.  Do you think it's coming from Laurel or Donathan in  Laurel told dom and dom told me. I think she's starting to --  she's trying to stir the pot.  The plan was so good. I was patiently waiting for this opportunity, and Laurel  just messed it all up. Why? Kellyn would have been the best blind side ever,  but that plan just blew up in my face, and I’m furious.  The plan will just be to put the votes on dom. He talks to dom saying I’m trying  to come after Kellyn, and now everybody is freaking out looking at me because  you're throwing my name out there. I was pissed. I don't know if I can trust  any of them now. So at this point we're back to getting rid of Michael. But first  I have to cover my tracks. I don't know why you're saying that it's me  working with y'all. Don't make up a story. I’m not trying to throw you under  the bus. I’m just saying don't try to throw me under the bus.  Somehow des's scheming is coming back on me. Des asked why I would blow up  this plan, and as soon as Wendell came up, she switched her story and it was  we never had this conversation.  Why are you lying to everyone?  We all know she was pitching, you know, making this move. I was there for  that conversation, just in case.  I kind of jumped in the middle. I don't really know.  All of a sudden my game is blowing up in my face, and now it's just a he  said/she said.  She came over and yelled at me in front of everyone.  I came over and said I did not have a conversation with her with five people  trying to vote out anyone from Naviti because I want you all to know that I’m  not lying.  Okay.  Okay.  Anymore to the conversation? No. Okay. One of the Malolo is going home. Right?  Okay.  Hi. How you doing? She seems pretty erratic to me. Clearly something's going  on with des. At this point I believe she's looking to flip on me, so the big  players need to come together and take defense on that were something  happens.  Obviously the dynamic has changed. So I mean, it sounds to me that the strong  need to bind together. So I mean, I’m ready to commit to something, you know  what I mean?  Yeah.  I'm definitely worried again tonight since I played my idol. I have no safety  net. It's my worst nightmare. Fortunately things have changed up, because the  Naviti seven is definitely broken and it's about to just completely shatter.  The conversation --  what conversation?  Des saying she wanted to come over.  And go after who?  Kellyn.  Thank you. Because why?  Because you're the biggest threat.  Des, what's going on? Honestly, swear to God, I did not say that. Why would I  leave the side of the numbers?  I'm trying to figure out the truth, and it's hard when the story is changing.   Kellyn, I’m loyal and I’m going to vote how we all always vote.  Laurel is telling me one thing. Des is telling me another. I cannot figure  out what the truth is. But either way, my gut is telling me now is not the  time to blow up Naviti.  I need to know one thing from you.  Yes.  Do you now believe Laurel or do you believe des, because I want des the hell  out of here.  No, dom, us girls have been holding to what you guys want, and we want Michael  out.  Right. Tonight.  Now. Now.  Huh.  Kellyn is hammering me good. She's like, dom, you're paranoid. We're calling  the shots this time, and it scares the hell out of me.  You guys are saying we're not going to do this whole strong boys thing, but  now all of a sudden you all are best friends with Michael. You understand why  that would make us feel a little weird.  Things are about to go bust out here, but I have to trust my instinct, and it  sounds to me like Laurel is actually speaking the truth. There are people out  there that are looking to take control of this game, so Kellyn and I need to  come together or I think we're all dead.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Chris and Libby voted out  at the last tribal council. So 27 days. Donathan, are you starting to feel  the pressure as the numbers dwindle?  Oh, yeah. I mean, today, like, bam, it was ready to go, it was lit.  Jeff: What was lit?  Desiree. She heard something through the grape vine and it involved Laurel  and fireworks happened.  Jeff: Wow. That's a big word.  When you have your name thrown out there and you feel like you back is  against the wall, there's going to be fireworks.  Jeff: So you heard your name?  Yes, I heard my name, and I heard the source was Laurel. I don't beat around  the bush. I’m going to talk to the source. That's what I did.  And when she said she came the talk to me, she came to yell at me. It was an  attack in front of the tribe. Her back is against the wall because she got  caught in a lie, and that's why she reacted the way she did.  What's the lie?  She approached a combination of the Malolo four and said Domenick, Wendell  and Kellyn are running the show, her, Chelsea, and Angela are to be bottom. They  want to work with us to make a move.  Back that up.  Can I reply?  Jeff: Always.  I don't like to do the whole back-and-forth thing. So I’m only going to say  this once and after this I’m done with it. I never once said that I felt they  was on the bottom. Ever.  Uh-uh, honey.  You approached us saying you know you and ang are on the bottom and you would  be willing to work with us to get out Kellyn.  Are you willing to look Kellyn in the eyes and tell her you did not have that  conversation?  I already did. Several times. Several times.  I haven't gotten a chance to pipe in and I would like the say when des  approached Laurel, it was just Malolo, and she pretty much called out Laurel  for screwing up the whole plan and as soon as Wendell walked up --  Wendell was there the whole time.  He came halfway through. He walked up. Then she was just acting like it never  happened.  It sounds like a player that's on the bottom trying to make a move. The  you're on the bottom and you're still on the bottom.  Jeff: Chelsea, you're in the middle of this, too.  It's funny, because for me, I feel good with the people I’m aligned with. And  I feel like they're trying to make Naviti feel unsafe, because that's their  only way up is if Naviti breaks apart and isn't strong anymore.  Jeff: Domenick, Desiree is adamant that she's telling the truth, and Laurel, Jenna,  and Donathan and Michael ared a mantd that they're telling the truth. And the  sickest part about it is every one of them have the straightest face and will  look you in the eye and convince you that they are not lying to you.  Jeff: Wendell, it's tricky, because you don't really know anything other than  your truth.  It's difficult because you have these people that you have worked with for so  long, but then you have this information that came out that just leads you to  second guess your own family per se. So I’m sitting here being a listener and  observing and trying to get to the bottom of this.  Jeff: Michael, despite trying to figure out what's the real story, somebody  is going home.  Yeah. I mean, I’m definitely not comfortable. I have not been comfortable for  the past few votes. I’m glad that something did happen to all blow up, but I still  sit here with my heart beating like hell.  Jeff: Donathan, how are you feeling right now? &gt;&gt;this could be the one  opportunity Malolo has to shift a little.  Exactly. That's why I’m so pissed, because I know what was said. Those conversations  happened. So I am going to sit here and say, hell, yes. The truth shall set  us free.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Which is a great statement to say, but the result could be one of the  four of you are the one that goes home.  Definitely.  Jeff: So Laurel, you're hoping they don't believe in their relationships. That's  your one shot.  Yeah, it would be great for Naviti to listen to what's going on, but it's  still just a cult-like society over here. And I’m frustrated, because  everything that's said is the truth.  Jeff: Kellyn, it's like the perfect crime. There's two versions, both very  plausible, only one can be true. And if you betray Naviti, you could be we --  betraying somebody that was loyal.  I've been trying to be sherlock holmes all day and I feel like helen keller,  but I understand what the four Malolo are saying. Whether it's true or  whether it's not, I’m looking at it like a detective, figure out what was  happening, look at everyone and try to do for myself what I think is best for  me and the people i've been working with.  Jeff: Desiree, your best argument at this point could be to say, do you  really want to disrupt the Naviti seven based on speculation.  That's what i've been saying all day. So all I can do is just hope fate is on  my side and let's get to the vote. Let's get to the vote. Will rest get to  the vote.  Jeff: You're ready to get to the vote?  Let's get to the vote.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Jenna, you're up.  I hope this doesn't bite me later.  I hope this doesn't bite me later.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want the play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked the leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Desiree. Desiree.  Two votes Desiree. Desiree. That's three votes Desiree. Desiree. That's four  votes Desiree. Michael. Four votes Desiree, one vote Michael. Michael. Two votes  Michael. Desiree. That's five votes Desiree, two votes Michael. Tenth person  voted out and the third member of our jury, Desiree. That's six. That's enough.  You need to bring me your torch. Desiree, the tribe has spoken. Lady, you all  better keep winning.  Jeff: Well, maybe the lesson from tonight's tribal is whether you're lying or  telling the truth, if you don't have the relationships to build trust, you're  never going to get to the end. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night.  Captioning funded by cbs captioned by media access group at wgbh  access.wgbh.org  jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," a twist in the game -- two people  will be voted out tonight -- leads the lies.  Know I love you.  I did a good job lying. Donathan is an idiot.  If I can pull this off, it will be pretty freakin' sweet.  They could tell I was lying. Oh, man, I gave it my all. I tried the act as  real as possible. But it is just such a shame because I was right there, like  Kellyn was just the first. I had plans, baby. I had plans. And Laurel messed  it all up. So, hey, I trusted the wrong person I guess.