<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor," at tribal council, Gabby and Christian  voted out a David. Carl, the tribe has spoken. Shocking Nick, Davie, and Angelina.  Eight are left. Who will be voted out tonight?  Well done, guys.  I knew you guys were lying to me.  Let me tell you, I wasn't lying to you.  Don't underestimate anybody.  No, no.  New york I’m saying, Carl was the Godfather.  I'm glad he's gone.  Tonight's tribal council was a shock to me. Christian and Gabby voted out Carl,  and I was blind sided. I don't get it too. They're so smart they're dumb.  Like what kind of move is that? Try to make me understand why Carl had to go  tonight.  Okay, here's the thing.  I saved you from going voted out the other day. We used three advantages to  get the majority, an you just gave it to them.  We didn't give them anything.  I regret saving Christian. We burned every advantage we had to get David  lead, and now he does this and doesn't even tell me the vote. I'm pretty mad.  We're going to be next, dude.  How the hell is that possible?  Gabby, she...  I really don't think Gabby is going to flip.  She just did, dude.  Honestly, everyone wants Alison out. She really is next  in my mind, the mason-dixon alliance is dead. I'm still going the play it up,  but I’m going to remember, this and as soon as I get the chance, I won't  hesitate "the blind to b Christian. Captioning funded by cbs  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. 31 days is a long time to be away from  home.  Yes.  Jeff: I’m not going to bury the lead. It's time for some love.  Yeah.  Jeff: Davie, you ready to see your mom?  Oh, yes.  Jeff: Hazel, come on out.  Mama. Mom!  Oh.  Jeff: Hazel, tell me about Davie.  He's Davie crockett for one thing. He's an explorer. I would be in my house,  where is Davie? He'll come back with frogs and snakes, scaring the daylights  out of me. But above all of that, he's so loving. He's my most lovable kid.  Jeff: All right. Give him a last hug.  Oh, I love you.  I love you, too.  Jeff: Hazel, you can take a spot right up here on the bench.  Oh, God.  Jeff: Alison, let's get your mom out here. Willa, come on out. That is some  mom love right there. Alison, is "Survivor" part of the family  experience or just yours?  I'm living my family's dream right now 100%, and honestly the reason I’m out  here is because of my mom, to take a leap of faith and go on an adventure like  this is outside of my comfort zone, and it's because of her that I knew I had  the strength to do it.  Jeff: Give her last hug.  Oh, my God, I love you, mom.  Jeff: Kara, you look like you're ready for some love. Let's get your brother  out here. Eric, come on out.  Come here.  Oh, my God. It's so good to see you.  Jeff: Kara, the thing about a brother-sister relationship, one of you is not  the parent. It's a really unique dynamic in the family.  I feel like the life that we've lived together is like the life... It's  similar to "Survivor." you can't describe it, but if you've been to  it, it brings you closer than you could imagine. We hit bottom out here, an I’m  surrounded by people I want to consider my friends, but I don't know what  their intentions are, but to see you, I know you love me.  I'm here for you.  Jeff: Give her last big hug.  I love you so much and I’m so proud of you.  Jeff: All right, Nick. You ready to get your dad out here? Jim, come on out.  Hi.  Jeff: Nick, one thing I noticed there is that the little boy came out. I  mean, you're a grun man, but you saw your dad walking down, and it just...  You changed. Did you feel that?  Absolutely, and that's what I felt out here. I feel like I didn't always  appreciate him, and, you know, going to college, my friends like had their  dads' credit cards and dove these cars and stuff, and I didn't have that. I  called my brother one day, and I said, you know, I bush we had more. He said,  you don't realize what dad does for us until you have donated blood the buy  milk for five kids, you don't realize what this man has gone through. I just  have so much appreciation now for what he's done for me and all my brothers  and sisters my whole life.  It ain't a matter about what you have or what you don't have, it's about what  you give, you know? It's about the love.  Jeff: That's beautiful. Give him a last hug.  I love you.  Jeff: You're getting to live your dream. Awesome. Gabby, you ready for some  love? Let's get your mom out here. Encarnita, come out.  You look beautiful, girl. Gabrielle.  Jeff: Gabby, can you feel the young woman let go and the little girl come  back, that this is mom?  Yeah. She always supports me when I’m doing my worrying thing, which is all  the time.  She's always been type a, like her dad, so she calls me just to calm her  down. But she's always my baby. She's always my little girl.  Jeff: All right, mom, give her some last love.  I love you.  I love you, too.  Jeff: Angelina, you ready for some love? Let's get your mom out here. Anna,  come on out.  I love you.  Jeff: Angelina, I heard you say "just like you taught me," what is  that indicative of?  My mom is literally the strongest woman I know. She has five kids she put  every ounce of love into, and I’m so lucky that I get to be one of them,  because I would not be the woman without her. I sacrificed myself for the  tribe yesterday. That's what you did.  You got a lot of love.  Jeff: Now mom is working the game. Give her a lot of love.  Love you, mom.  All right, Mike. Here's your boyfriend josh. Come on out, josh.  That's the way.  How you doing?  Jeff: So Mike, tell me about josh? How long have you been together?  Six years and like we're super different, but we're bonded like in a deep  way, and I am so happy to see him, and stoked.  Jeff: Mike, as a writer, what do you make of this loved one visit so far?  Every relationship is unique. What's the takeaway?  For me as someone who has been playing the game with these people, it makes  me feel like I just want to apologize for anything i've ever done or said. It  makes me realize how nobody is alone and how each person has a network of  people who love them and you're not just impacting them. You're impacting a  whole world of people who are decent, good people and I hope it doesn't  destroy my game, but, whatever will be will be.  Jeff: Give some last love, josh.  Thank you for coming. I love you.  Jeff: Christian, you ready for some love?  I think so, Jeff. I'm ready.  Jeff: Let's get your girlfriend out here. Emily, come on out.  It's crazy, your hair.  This is my new friend Jeff. I want to introduce you. Jeff, this is emily.  Emily, Jeff.  Nice to meet you.  I look like a crazy man. I just pulled out of the forest.  Jeff: There's the hug. There it is. So Christian, first thing everybody wants  to know about your relationship.  Yeah.  Jeff: So we've gotten to know you. So tell us about this woman, emily.  She is the most self-sacrificing, kind, funny, smart woman i've ever met. An  having someone who gets you an really understands how you're feeling, even  before you feel it, you know, that's what is so precious.  Jeff: Give him a last hug, emily. Make it a good one. It may be the last one  he gets.  See you soon. All right. All right.  Jeff: Christian, you're emotions seem to come out as emily was leaving, as  you were saying good-bye.  Yeah.  Jeff: Why is it hard for you to let that emotion out when she's standing  right next to you.  Seeing her is great, but losing her feels far worse. It's easy the take your  love one for granted. You see them every day. And for once a day I can look  at her an remember that moment where she walked away and use that as a  reminder of appreciating what you have. And I think that's what a lot of us  want to come away from this with is that some kernel you can take away from  the game that changes who we are. I think that's how I’m going to do it.  Jeff: All right. Now you know what you're playing for. Let's get to the  challenge. For today's challenge, you'll be divided into pairs. You're going  the race under an obstacle to a sand pit where you will dig up a ring of keys  and use those keys to release two balls and then attempt to land them on  narrow perch. The first pair to finish wins more time with their loved ones  and a barbecue on a barge.  Oh, yeah.  Jeff: Worth playing for?  Oh, yeah.  Jeff: We'll draw for pairs. We'll get started. All right. Here we go. For  reward in the form of love, Survivors ready? Go!  Mike and Davie, Angelina and Nick, Alison and Kara, and Christian and Gabby  are four pairs. You have to get back to shore. Mike and Davie get to the  first obstacle first. Everybody crawling through that first obstacle. Mike  and Davie out. There goes Christian and Gabby. Alison and Kara. Angelina dead  last, holding Nick up now. You are only as fast as your slowest person, and  right now that is Angelina, still the only person in this game to not win a  reward. Will that drought continue today.  Come on! You got this.  Jeff: Everybody now digging for their keys. Mike and Davie are first to the  keys. They have led this entire challenge.  I feel it, I feel it.  Jeff: Angelina and Nick have their key. They're back in it. Christian and Gabby  have their key.  Go, gabriella.  Jeff: Alison and Kara still digging. You have five key, you only need one,  the question is which one. Alison and Kara finally have their key. They're in  it. You are playing for the most important thing in your life right now, that  love. Nick and Angelina release their balls. They're now in the lead.  Angelina and Nick were in dead last, an now they're in the lead. This is how  fast the game can change. Davie finally has the lock undone. Go. Pick it up.  Alison and Kara release their bag. Now you have to get the balls out of the  bag.  They're stuck in there.  Jeff: Nick and Angelina can't do it. Witness again they have squandered the  lead. Alison and Kara have their balls released. They're firing. Mike and Davie  tossing balls. You're tethered together which makes it tough to get you ball  when it goes off. Angelina and Nick finally have their balls released.  They're firing. Christian and Gabby have their balls. Everybody now in it.  Each person has to land one ball. Kara has got to go get her ball that. Pulls  Alison off. Christian and Gabby working. Mike close. Just misses. Davie just  misses. Alison with a shot. Can't get it to land. Kara misses again. Angelina  and Nick working. There goes Davie. Davie scores first for purple.  Yeah!  Jeff: Nick scores one for green. Mike for the win right here. Just misses.  Angelina can win it. And she does. From behind, Angelina wins reward, earning  love alongside Nick and a barbecue on the barge.  Jeff: All right. So we've got four, Nick and Angelina, you have a big  decision to make. Choose one person an their loved one to join you whom are  you going to bring along with you.  Me and Davie made a promise to each other along time ago. I asked her if  she's okay with that and she is, so we're going the choose Davie.  Jeff: Davie, hazel, come join us. Mom has no idea what she's in store for.  All right. You have one more choice to make, one more player and their loved  one will join you, and in choosing, you will send four other people back to  camp without love and a little bit of rice to live on.  So this next person is someone who stood by my side and has been strong with  me and I want to give him some time, Mike, come over here.  Jeff: Mike, come over. Josh, come join us.  I love you.  Jeff: It is time now to say good-bye to the rest of our loved ones. Say your  last good-byes. Sorry, loved ones. Time for you to head back.  I love you so much.  Jeff: Mike, Angelina, Davie, Nick, enjoy a once in once-in-a-lifetime  afternoon. Come on down.  Bye.  Jeff: Gabby, Kara, Alison, Christian, grab your stuff, head back to camp. Got  nothing for you.  Davie.  All right, mother. I'm so happy to see you. &gt;&gt;you don't realize.  An octopus.  Oh, my God.  So how is the game going?  It's going good. This right here could be the final four.  That's awesome.  Are you running the game?  Working the middle. Everyone thinks I’m on their side. I definitely think the  four of us, I think we high make a deal and make a final four.  This is exactly the group of four that I wanted here today. This is... I  mean, because there are some vicious people over there. At the barbecue we  obviously spent the majority of our time with our loved ones catching up, but  we also took this time to talk some strategy. I want to go to the end with  people who I truly respect, and that you would be happy seeing win if it's  not yourself.  Absolutely.  The loved one visit worked out perfectly, because the group of four who went  is actually the group I want to be in the final four.  Couldn't have picked a better group, no way.  This is my final four ideally.  Absolutely.  I would love that.  This is my final four.  I think we got to figure out how to make sure that happens.  Mike, Nick, and Angelina, they're talking about final four, but they've all  spent much longer with each other than I have, because they were all on the Jabeni  tribe together. So I’m starting to feel a little bit on the outside. I don't  think this alliance is the smartest move for me.  You can tell she's a little shy. I knew that every compliment I would pay  her, she would be embarrassed, you know? So I was saying what I felt, but I also  was measuring how I said it so she wouldn't get embarrassed, you know, in  front of all those strangers.  Because you're one who thinks about her before you. So you think about how  she's going to feel.  When I saw Christian with emily, I noticed that he was comforting her, and I realized  that's what Christian has been to me out here. He's playing up the role of  comforter and friend, and I can't let myself get riewred into that sense of  security like, oh, Christian is looking out for me, Christian's got my back.  I need to play for me.  I am feeling more and more like we have to do Christian, and i'll tell you  why. Christian and I have made nearly every strategic move together, but he's  the one perceived as making all the moves, so I need to remove him so that I am  free to play my own game.  Not a soul can beat him.  Literally. Literally. I feel like the game has busted wide open and it's time  the play. People have seen me as Christian's sidekick, and I have been  struggling to fight that perception. I want respect in this game. So what  better way than to slay my number-one ally? So i've been mulling something  over for the past few days worrying about when to make a move.  Yes.  Against Christian. We need to get Christian out.  Oh, my gosh.  Gabby wants to blindside Christian. I couldn't believe it was coming out of  her mouth. It blows my mind. I've been trying to get Christian out of the  game for a while. He's a really good player. So I’m all for this plan.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. Shall we get to today's immunity  challenge? First things first, Davie, got to take it back. No help at all.  Thank you. Once again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge,  you're going to balance on a narrow perch while holding a pole connected to a  bucket of water. If at any point you step off the perch or raise that pole too  high or drop it too low, that bucket will empty and you're out of the  challenge. Last person left standing wins immunity, guaranteed a one in seven  shot at getting to the end of this game. Losers tribal council where somebody  will become the sixth member of our jury. Take your spots. We'll get started.  Good luck. All right. Everybody looking good. This challenge is on. It  requires you being in full control of your body. Two ways this challenge can  get you. You step off the perch, losing your balance, or you lift just a  little too high or drop just a little too low, the bucket of water waiting to  drench you, ending your shot at immunity. Mike, the slightest twitch and Mike  is out. First to drop. We are down to seven. Mike no shot at immunity. That's  how fast it can happen. All right. We're going to move to the next phase of  this challenge. You're going to place your front foot, place it behind your  back foot, your arms further out, which gives you less leverage, making it  more difficult. I'm going to count you in. Gabby, the slightest bit of a  move. Gabby drops, she is out. Seconds away from moving to the next round. We  are down to six. You have ten seconds. Got to get that front foot behind your  back foot. Six, five, four, three, two, one. Everybody successfully  negotiates the transition. Nice job. We will stay here for ten minutes now.  Your arm now further out, which gives you less leverage, making it more  difficult. You hear the breathing, trying the find that meditation. Christian  continues to make a risky move, scratching his head.  Jeff: Alison's legs really twitch, but she's holding steady in her palm.  Nick, even a move to the face is risky. Alison can't hang on any longer.  Alison is out, and we are down to five. Angelina can't hang in any longer.  Angelina is out. We're down to four. It is Davie, Kara, Christian, and Nick.  Fighting for immunity. All right. We're going the move your front foot behind  your back foot. There's more pressure on your arm, less leverage toward your  body. You've got ten seconds, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three,  two, one. Everybody and a half gaits another transition.  Good job, guys.  Jeff: Everybody safe in this third round. We will go for 20 minutes here.  Nick you need to go higher. That's good. Just hair up. Just a hair.  Nick, you're dropping low. Just hair up.  Jeff: A lot of support for Nick down on the end.  Am I nice and centered, guys.  We don't want to mess you up. Nick's was super obvious. That's the only  reason.  Don't look at his, Nick.  Jeff: Christian now starting to shake a lot. You can see that right arm all  over the place. His pole edging closer, just sliding off of the only thing  holding him in this challenge. Can he get it back under control. But it's Nick  who drops. Nick is out. An we're down to three. Davie, Kara, and Christian,  who is back solid again. "dave's pet show's" body starting -- Davie's  body starting to move now.  I don't want to say anything.  Jeff: Christian steps off. Christian is out. No shot at immunity. We are down  to two. Davie and Kara. A David versus Goliath showdown. Kara has not wavered  this entire challenge. Has barely moved. Davie sticking shaking but still  under control with his arm. Davie drops. Davie is out. Kara wins individual  immunity, safe tonight at tribal council. Cannot be voted out of this game.  Wow. Wow.  Jeff: Kara, come on over.  Jeff: Good job, Kara.  Good girl.  Jeff: Kara, individual immunity is yours. Safe tonight at tribal council,  cannot be voted out. As for the rest of you, after 32 very tough day,  somebody voted out. Somebody will become the sixth america of our jury. Grab  your stuff. See you tonight at tribal. Congrats.  I like the way Gabby is thinking. It's time to take out Christian. I am  cautiously optimistic that this plan will succeed, however, we tried to get Christian  out before. What's to say he doesn't pull something out of his hat this third  time around, as well.  Congratulations, Kara.  Congratulations.  You were like a statue.  Finally it was time to prove that I can make moves in this game. At this  point it's go big or go home. And what bigger move than going against your  closest ally, who happens to be the biggest threat in the game.  You okay?  I was really disappointed. I wanted to do well, you know?  Same.  At this point we've got to get rid of Alison. As long as we have everyone in  line.  Christian believes that we're voting for Alison, which is perfect, because  with Christian having a hidden immunity idol, you have to take him out when  he least expects it. So I’m excited and I’m nervous and I’m sad, because it  means betraying someone that's been close to you for so long, but I need to  remember that Christian doesn't want me to win, Christian wants Christian to  win. And so I have to do it if I want to win this game. &gt;&gt;okay. Let's  talk strategy.  Yeah. Who are you thinking?  Christian is the biggest threat to win the game. 100%. He's my closest ally.  It keeps him from getting all the credit. He's super smart.  Of all people, Gabby comes up to me to say how would you feel about voting  out Christian. I'm like, I’m totally fine with it. I was trying to think of a  way I could get the numbers for Christian. I'm missed off. I saved Christian's  butt from going home twice, and what does he do? The last tribal council, he  totally betrays me.  Alison anKara would be down.  I'll do it. I can't trust him.  Yeah.  At this point Christian is dead to me. And it's time he gets taste of his own  medicine.  She just comes up and said, Christian. If it's Christian, that's more  complicated and we have to think if he does have an idol.  I've soon his idol.  Oh, really?  Well, if he plays his idol, you could vote for Gabby.  Well, if he plays his idol, you could vote for Gabby.  Nick is totally down for voting Christian, but Gabby is the back-up in case  he plays his idol, but it doesn't feel right. Even though Christian  blindsided me twice, I don't take it personal. That's part of the game. But Nick  is convinced that Christian has to go.  It's about time.  I've shielded myself so far by hiding behind people, seen as a big threat,  but who is going to be my shield if I get Christian out? So I got to keep Christian  in this game.  Oh, man. You really got to be careful. She knows she needs moves in this game  to move forward. An you guys did that Carl thing together, right, so she  still doesn't have her own individual move.  Right.  So she's like, it's going to be Christian, it's going to be Christian.  I'm floored. According to Davie, Gabby is gunning for me. She feels like shea  doesn't have a chance to win unless she makes a move and takes me out. I'm  stunned. Gabby and I have been together this entire game. We haven't been  separated for more than an hour over the course of the whole month. So I’m having  hard time believing it.  The plan is to vote out Alison tonight. What about Nick?  Is Nick down with sending me home?  I really think so.  It's me and you. Apparently Nick was so burned by the Carl vote that he wants  to take revenge on me. I still have my idol that I can play to ensure Alison  goes home. But that would leave me vulnerable at the next vote. So the best  course of action for right now is to try to repair the damage with Nick.  First off, in hindsight, I did make an error in not telling you. That's not  -- that's not fair to you. It's not fair to the relationship, an I understand  why you feel mad. I'm not trying to be -- I’m own up to what was a  miscalculation on my part. You're frustrated by the situation.  I'm trying to get over it.  Christian is apologizing profusely to me saying, you know, he took our  relationship for granted, but I don't trust Christian anymore and I probably  never almost now I’m going to manipulate him. If he's convinced he's got the  mason-dixon back together, that's going the make it that much easier to  blindside him.  Here's the thing, the main thing is that Alison thinks she has footing, but  she doesn't have footing.  Well, that's what I wanted gone.  I know.  As long as Alison's gone, that's fine.  Not being immune has put me in a tight spot. I know I’m getting votes.  Fortunately Nick still wants to work with me.  Nick says the plan is good, right?  Get rid of Christian, yes.  I'm pretty sure I can marshal enough votes to vote out Alison. I'd rather not  use my idol, but i'll play it if I feel I have to, but hopefully I don't  have. To and so far i've been right every time.  Jeff: Let's now bring in the members of our jury. Elizabeth, John, dan, Alec,  and Carl voted out at the last tribal council. So last tribal another  blindside. Angelina, what was the fallout back at camp?  Yeah, I mean, there were some people who were super pissed.  Jeff: Who was upset?  Nick was pretty upset. I didn't know what was coming either.  Jeff: Nick, what was your frustration.  It was a bliekdside, and it was a big move, but just because something is a  big move doesn't make it a good move.  Jeff: Who were you frustrated with?  Christian mainly. I didn't get it. If you're with me and you trust me, why  couldn't you tell me? So everybody knew I was pissed, I was.  Jeff: When you have somebody, Christian, come at you like Nick and say, hey,  I didn't like it. Does it put a new fear in you that a guy I thawing I was  with is now against me.  I certainly take it very seriously, and it does affect your thinking going  forward and saying, you know, for one you have to reassess your judgments as  to how people will react. And that's on me.  Jeff:  we went off to the side and talked about it an rebuilt our relationship. In  my head, if it's somebody you don't care about, you don't care, but the  person you care about, you say, hey, we have a problem, and if we're going to  continue to have a relationship, we need to work it out.  Jeff: Gabby, it's so complicated, because you want to make the big move to  show you're playing the game, but it can hurt feelings, and those hurt  feelings can then change the game again.  Yeah, it's hard, because when I came into this game, I needed a lot of  reassurance, and that came from other people a lot of the time, an now I find  reassurance in myself. That's what my decisions going forward many this game  are about. I'm going to do less, do you think this is the right move, do you  give me reassurance, an now I’m saying with confidence, this is how I’m going  forward, and if it gets me voted out, at least I did something with gumption.   Jeff: Alison, the last few tribals you have spoken openly that you felt you  were a far get, that you were a threat.  I looked the grim reaper, who is you with your freakin' torch snuffer in the  eyes, last tribal council, and I walked away being more of a threat.  Jeff: You think you're more of a threat because why in.  Because I survived being on the bottom and helped pull off a great blindside.  It was not an vj move. It took five votes, but it was my neck on the chopping  block.  Jeff: Angelina, do you feel that everybody is an equal threat? Is Alison  worried about nothing? Because there are seven others surrounding?  New york I don't think that everyone is an equal threat. My criteria is  someone who I don't see any ending with is a good person to go.  Jeff: Nick, what is the criteria for you?  Well, putting people on the jury, and we're also putting who we go to the end  with, so you can find somebody who you want on the jury you don want to go to  the end work it looks like a good person to take out.  Jeff: Is it really that simple, Mike?  A lot of times you get rid of a threat and you realized, oh, that might not  be the right person. It's never easy. It's never safe. It's a game about  deception, and so that's something that we all are very conscious of.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Gabby, you're up.  If this doesn't work, then I’m losing my closest ally and my best friend in  this game, but it's something I need to do for my game.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. Okay. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol  and you want the play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay.  A second Jeff. I'm not quite sure yet. I'll play it. This has been in my view  for the past four tribal councils, and as one might imagine, it is slightly  uncomfortable. So I could be wrong, but I’m playing this for myself tonight.  Jeff: This is a hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast for Christian will not  count. I'll read the votes.  Wow. First vote Christian. Does not count. Christian. Does not count.  How did you get that big brain?  Jeff: Christian, does not count. Christian, does not count.  He's so smart.  Jeff: Christian. Does not count. Alison. That's one vote Alison.  I'm so sorry, Alison.  Jeff: Gabby.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: We're tied. One vote Alison, one vote Gabby, one vote left. 13th person  voted out and the sixth member of our jury, Gabby.  Oh, my God. Wow.  I'm sorry.  Good game, guys.  Jeff: Gabby, the tribe has spoken.  By, Gabby.  Sorry, Christian, I love you.  We'll see each other soon, okay?  Jeff: Well work only seven people left and everybody seeing each other as  threats, there's nowhere to hide. Grab your torches, head back to camp. Good  night. Captioning funded by cbs captioned by media access group at wgbh  access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," everyone is on the chopping block.  I want new england out next. -- Nick out next.  Is it better to take out Christian?  I want it to be Nick.  I'm drooling at this idea.  Now is the time to take you out.  It seems like there's more possibilities than there has ever been before.  I started this game as an underdog. I still feel like I was kind of an  underdog, but for me it was a personal triumph to do something with  confidence and not seek reassurance from all over. But if people saw  something in me that they wanted to take out, then maybe I’m more of a Goliath  than I thought.