<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor", Kara, Alison, and Alec considered  working with the Davids.  We'll give you first three to create an alliance with the Davids.  Jeff: But trust was an issue.  There's Goliaths in my face again.  Jeff: And the Davids prepared for battle.  We have three advantages.  And we can't screw up this vote.  Jeff: At tribal council, the power shifted when Nick played his advantage.  Whose vote are you going to steal?  I think i'll take Alison's vote.  Jeff: Which caused Alec and Kara to save face with the Davids and compelled Dan  to play his idol.  You're playing this for yourself?  Yes, sir.  Jeff: But it was blocked by a new advantage, the idol nullifier. This  nullifier was played against dan.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Bing. Sending Dan to the jury. Dan, the tribe has spoken. Ten are left.  Who will be voted out tonight?  Another epic tribal.  Two advantages played correctly.  How rare is that?  Oh, my God.  Congratulations. Well played.  Playing that nullifier and playing it to perfection felt great. Hell, I feel  I should go down in "Survivor" history for that one.  They never seen it coming. Now that we have numbers even at 5-5, hopefully we  can keep out foot on their throats and bury them and ride off into the  sunset.  Do you guys want to explain what happened?  We switched the name from the Goliath tribe.  I didn't vote tonight.  Okay. And?  Me?  Yep.  Having your alliance stab you in the back doesn't feel good. And I will  without hesitation write any of their names down as quickly and as soon as I can.   The only reason they cast those votes for me is to make it look like they  were still with you guys so they could come become and have a story to tell.  I'm in the a scorned woman, because I can handle votes and blind sides and  backstab, but that is what I need you to know.  Got it.  The Goliath tribe is dead as dead can be. I don't think they know how vicious  I can, be but they're going to find out very soon.  The only people awake are me and Davie. Come on, somebody plays an idol, it's  very likely another one is out there.  I feel like it would be in this area because nothing has been hidden here  yet. Me and Nick want to have as many advantages as we can in this game,  manly for me because I suck at these damn immunity challenges.  Most of the clues have been on the other side of the island. At first we  continue to see anything and we're getting nervous because the Goliaths are  getting ready to wake up.  Holy crap. I'm so stoked. All I’m thinking is finally I found an idol. But  it's not an idol. It's an idol clue. So it says, "congratulations. You  have found the clue to a hidden immunity idol. It will require you to be  daring. Tonight while the others sleep, you must sneak out of camp. Your idol  awaits at the island's furthest point. Look for the flame. Good luck."  that's so frustrating. I have to wait until tonight. It's going to be hard to  sneak out of camp. It's going to take some creativity. I'll do whatever I have  to do, even if it means staying up all night to find this thing.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. Let's get to today's reward challenge. For  today's challenge, you'll be divided into two teams of five. On my go, you'll  race out to a rope bridge and cross it. When you reach the finish, you'll  attempt to land three rungs on a ladder target. First team to finish wins  reward. I know you want to know what you're playing for.  Oh, yeah.  Jeff: The winning five will enjoy a "Survivor" picnic. You'll have  fresh wraps, salad, and wine. Losers, another hot afternoon back at camp.  Worth playing for in.  Oh, yeah.  Definitely.  Jeff: All right. We're going to do a random draw for teams. We'll get  started. All right. We have our two teams. Here we go. For reward, Survivors  ready?  We got this, right? We got this.  Jeff: Go! First you got to get through that water.  Stay strong, stay strong.  Jeff: Across the rope bridge. Go, purple. Go, orange. It's going to be Nick  out first for purple. Alec for orange. You got to balance with your feet on  the bottom rope using the top rope to keep that balance and move you across.  It's a new "Survivor" challenge. Alec making quick work of it as he  has done all season. Alec is good. Go, orange. Nick nearly across for purple.  Got to get in the water. Go, purple. It's going to be Alison heading up for  orange. Here comes Kara for purple.  You got it, Kara.  You got it, Alison. Talk your time.  Jeff: Alison struggling all around. Can she get it back? No, Alison got to  start again. Huge setback for orange.  Take your time, Kara.  Alison, wide.  Jeff: You do not practice this at home on the weekend. These are the "Survivor"  guinea pigs right here. Kara nearly there.  You got it, girl.  Jeff: Go, purple. It's going to be Angelina up next. Alison still struggling,  costing more time. Here comes Angelina trying the the -- to lap her. But Alison  is fighting. Alison nearly there for orange. Alison's got it. Go, orange. Gabby  heading up for orange. Angelina now at the fourth rope for purple. Angelina  struggling to get that fifth rope. She's got it.  You got it, Gabby.  Jeff: Gabby struggling. She's all twisted up.  You got this.  Good job, good job.  Jeff: Angelina is there. Got to get in the water. Go, purple. It will be Carl  now for purple. Carl the only other person along with Angelina to not go on a  reward since the merge. He can taste those wraps. Here goes Gabby now kicking  it into the next gore. Carl making fast work of this. Gabby, you're good. Go,  orange. Carl's at the platform. Go, purple. Here goes Mike for orange. Davie  quickly up the ladder for purple. Davie is the last person for purple.  Take your time. Take your time.  Jeff: Mike moving slowly while Davie continues to rip through it. Very fast  time for Davie. Go, purple. Purple has everybody across. Mike still working  for orange. Purple gets to the platform. Go, purple. Nick going to jump out  now for the final stage of this challenge. Purple with a big time advantage.  Start throwing those rungs. Mike is across. Go, Christian. Christian the  fifth and final member for orange. Nick tosses. That's no good. It's got to  be level. Christian going very aggressively, trying to make up some time.  Nick lands the first ladder rung.  Come on Christian.  Jeff: Purple down to two ladder rungs. Christian anen credibly fast time. Go,  orange. Nick going to try again. Just misses. It is Alec in the water for  orange now. Nick with a one-rung lead. There are three rungs total. Here goes  Alec. No, that won't work, Alec. Nick another connection, but it's lopsided.  Alec has the first ladder rung. We are tied 1-1. It would be a huge comeback  for orange.  Go get it, go get it, go get it.  Jeff: Nick now going to swap out. Here comes Davie. Alec going to try again.  Oh.  You almost had it.  Jeff: It is Davie for purple and he lands it on his first one. It is 2-1.  Alec scores his second. We are tied again. Alec can win it and he does.  Orange wins reward. What a comeback from orange. Alison, Gabby, Mike, Alec, Christian,  nice afternoon, plans for you, "Survivor" picnic. Head to the  beach. The boat will pick you up.  Thank you. Davie, Carl, carback Angelina, Nick, got nothing for you. Grab  your stuff, head back to camp.  I had a chance to prove right there in my grasp and it got away because of Alec.  He's a challenge king. He's proven that time and time again. So first chance  you get to get him out of here, you get him out of here.  Winner, winner, winner.  Oh, yeah.  Oh, my God. Oh.  Congratulations.  Thank you guys for all the support.  Especially Alec.  Reward challenge couldn't have gone any better. We all contributed.  Everyone did so well. I'm so grateful we had Alec on our team.  I was the star of the show. So right now is a chance to capitalize on that.  We don't have the numbers right now, and Angelina is playing with the Davids.  I need to get this relationship going with Christian and Gabby again.  With your name popping up at tribal, I was not a part of that at all.  Okay.  When I’m bar tending and I’m flirting with a girl, e-mail working for the  tip. Right now Christian and Gabby are sitting across the bar. They're the  two hottest girls i've ever seen in my life. I'm putting the charm on and I’m  working for their freakin' numbers right now. I'm over the David-Goliath.  I was straddling one leg in one camp and one leg in another. Now I feel like  i've totally committed.  It's exciting. It's really exciting.  Now that the tables have turned, of course the Goliaths want to work with us.  They held all the power before. And they could kind of jerk us around as long  as they wanted. But now the Davids have the power. So it almost forces their  hand in a way to play with us, which is great, because I have more options  now.  How much did you eat?  Oh, my God, e-mail so fat.  No, way.  No, way. Oh, my God.  Are there letters? Oh, my God. Oh, my God.  Oh, my God, I love my family. Thank you for winning this.  I know that you feel embarrassed when we say it, but we love you, an we are  very proud of you.  I'm proud that you decided to do something and stuck with it.  A lot of people just think and talk. You actually do.  I am writing to my son, who has achieved one of his goals to play the game of  "Survivor." great job. My dad said, hey, find an idol, win a big  feast, make Jeff laugh. I think i've done all three of those things already.  Reading these letters really does sort of add moTivation for me to say, hey,  look, I can win this, it's going to be hard, just know we're home pulling for  you and take some of our strength.  It's going to require me to burn people. It's going to mean I have to make  hard decisions. I want to prove now people shouldn't underestimate me, that I’m  a force in this game.  Never in my life did I think not catching fish would be more than just a bad  day. It's starvation.  Starvation for real.  It's frustrating to go from a high from tribal to, you know, a he of yet  another day of no food, you know? I mean, it's tough, man. 26 days, it ain't  easy. And you can be a millionaire, a billionaire or a homeless person on the  street. In flood is in food. You can't prepare for that. But I came here to  win. I guess today is my moment, but it will just make me stronger. It just  makes me stronger.  Cheer, guys. Loser cheers.  Sorry we didn't come back.  Kara, do you think he has an idol?  Who?  Alec?  Why?  If Alec doesn't win, then I want to get him out. He is a challenge beast.  What do you think? You okay with that?  He's a threat.  Carl makes the plan that it's going to be Alec. I'm looking at them, an I’m like,  we're really just talking about this out loud in front of me? Like you know  that I’m closest with Alec at this point. Carl is very confident after that  last tribal council, but when you're overconfident in this game, I know for a  fact, as a Goliath, that it doesn't always go in your favor.  I'm going to win just to put the cherry on top. Carl's coming after me. Is  that a scary thing? Yeah, it's a super scary thing. So all that's on my mind  is I most likely need to win this next immunity. It's anen settling kind of  feeling just to know that your primary target number one right now. And then  on top of that, when I was at the reward, I ate too much. I feel super  fricking sick, man. Oh, man. I just can't wait for everybody to go to bed,  because tonight I have to go get this idol. Thank God. So people that went on  the reward are complaining about their tom mac, an they ate too much too  fast, like Alison is throwing up everywhere.  She overdid it. She ealt too much. -- she ate too much. So there is a bit of  distraction already. [snoring] in my real life, it is fun to get out here and  be mischievous, be a criminal an sneak off. I don't want to put my game in  jeopardy by doing mischievous stuff, but at the same time, I want an idol. I  got to get it done quickly. I can't take all night. Luckily Davie is looking  out for me.  Oh, my God.  Oh, my God.  I'm just keeping guard. Alison is having reactions from her reward. I'm like,  hurry up, get your ass back here. I can only cover you for so long.  I'm trying to get there as quick as possible. I don't know how far away this  thing is. I walked further down the beach this whole time i've been here.  Finally off in the distance I see a light. So, yeah, my heart is pounding.  Fire represents life. Your life in the game just got a bit more secure. Hurry  back. That's sick. My first immunity idol on "Survivor." this is  awesome. I got power in numbers right now. But eventually people are going to  recognize, hey, Nick's taken out a lot of targets. He's got a solid resume.  So wearing this idol feels amazing. I'm going to be in the best position in  this game for a long time. I want to take advantage of every second of this  game and play as hard as possible, an that's why I take a risk and go for  these idols. And I play hard. That's why I’m trying to win this game more  than anything, because when you have chance at $1 million and there's ten  people left and I’m one of them.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. Let's get to today's immunity challenge.  First things first, Alec. I'll take back the necklace. Thank you. Once again  immunity back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're going to balance on  a very narrow perch while holding a handle behind your head. If at any point  you let go of the handle or fall off the perch, you're out. Last person left  standing wins immunity, guaranteed a one in nine shot at getting to the end.  Losers tribal council where somebody will become the fourth member of our  jury. Okay. So it's day 27. If you feel secure enough that you don't need immunity  at tonight's tribal council, you can opt to sit out of today's challenge,  give up your shot at immunity and instead feast. On nachos.  Oh, my God.  Nachos.  And beer.  Jeff: Giant platter, guac, jalapeno, plus marguerites and ice-cold beer.  Beer.  Jeff: Big decision on day 27. I'll give you a moment to make your decision  and we'll get started. Okay. Everybody's made their decision. Angelina, Carl,  an Nick have opted to not compete, give up their shot at immunity so they can  feast on nachos. You guys start eating. You can eat until this challenge  ends.  Nick, I’m pouring you a beer.  Thank you.  Jeff: Everybody is in position, and this challenge is on. Very simple  challenge. Your feet are on a very narrow perch. Your hands are holding on to  handle. If either one of your feet come off of that perch or your hands come  off of that handle, you're out. That's it. Seven people competing for  certainty tonight at tribal council while three people dig in to one of the  largest platters of nachos ever made. [burping] [laughter] 11 minutes into  this challenge. Anybody want to admit they're feeling a little  discomfortable?  Yeah, sure.  E-mail -- I’m willing.  Jeff: Mike's feet really shaking. Mike drops. He's first out. An Davie lets  go. Davie drops. An we are down to five. Alison, Christian, Gabby, Kara, and Alec  still fighting for immunity. Alec wiggling around a little bit.  He has to win this.  Jeff: Kara not moving.  I think Kara can outlast him.  Alec doesn't like to be uncomfortable. You should have heard him during the  rainstorm.  Jeff: This challenge is pure pain, tolerance. This hurts everywhere.  I'm miserable.  Jeff: You've been up there one hour.  Way to go, guys.  Jeff: You cannot lose focus. The only thing that matters is that necklace  around your neck. Alec trying the rearrange those hands.  I think Alec is hurting. He's trying the massage those fingers. He's hurting.  Kara is solid. She looks solid.  Damn.  Bomb.  Jeff: Kara just steps off, an we are down to four. You have to be feeling it  everywhere now. There is no relief out here in this field, no breeze, just  done, the sun pounding down. If you needed any evidence of how hot it is, Mike  and Nick have retired under the bench for some shade.  Can I opt out of the opting out.  Jeff: It is dead hot.  Oh, yeah.  Jeff: Alison really struggling now. Alison cannot hang on anymore. Alison  steps out of the challenge, an we are down to three.  You're a fighter, bobby -- baby girl. You're a fighter.  Jeff: How long do you think this is going to go, Alec?  Until I win?  Until he wins.  Jeff: One hour and 35 minutes.  I'm not letting go.  Jeff: The season continues to be a battle. I think we're going to be out here  a long time. The muntz continue to tick by, and at a snail's pace. The  chances of any one of the three of you being comfortable, 0.0.  Let's just end it, Jeff.  Yeah. You're reporting in excess of precision that you don't actually know.  Jeff: Two hours.  Awesome job.  Wow.  Jeff: This is where you are really finding what's inside you  i'm going to win the challenge.  Oh, my gosh.  Jeff: Gabby has been struggling, contorting her body, and still not giving  in.  It's so hard.  Jeff: Gabby, what's going on? What is it? Pain?  I just really want to... This is the one that I can win, and it's killing me,  because I don't know when it's going to end.  Jeff: What you don know is how close they are.  Exactly.  Jeff: Does Alec have another hour or is he down to a minute left?  I'm not going to step off until I win. I won't step off.  Jeff: Gabby, keep fighting, you're there.  You're a warrior.  I'm going to win it. I'm going to win it.  Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh.  Beast mode, Gabby, beast mode. You're strong, gab.  I'm going to step off.  Gabby, don't let go.  Oh, my gosh.  Damn.  Jeff: Gabby falls out and to the ground.  Oh, Gabby. Two hours and 30 minutes into this challenge. We are down to a  showdown, David versus Goliath. Christian versus Alec for immunity.  Dude, you are a beast, by the way. You're amazing.  You're not going to win.  Jeff: We're way past pain threshold. Your bodies are numb now. Three hours.  Three hours. [applause]  Jeff: We are deep enough into this challenge now that you're going to start  to lose focus. So whatever you're doing to stay mentally connected, you  better do it.  Jeff?  Yes.  Is it okay if I tell a story to pass the time?  So I was working on a project that was about plant root growth.  Stay focused, Christian.  This helps me focus, Carl, thank you.  Got you, babe.  So it's my job to quickly throw together a plant robot. So I’m taking a bunch  of parts... Basically I had to tell people... It's one thing to have a  robot... When you think about exeo skeleton research. Who is up for 20  questions? I start to look at this as a different kind of opportunity. You're  my captive audience. Do you know what a reuben sandwich is, Jeff? I never  grew a beard in my life. Jeff, now you know what it's like to hear my voice  for hours. Torture.  Jeff: Been up there for five hours.  Whoa, whoa, whoa.  Oh, my God. I don't feel good.  What on earth?  That's incredible.  Christian? You're safe. I'm not.  I know. I know how you must feel in this moment, and I hear you. I just... I  might never get this opportunity again. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.  Jeff: Alec just drops out. Christian can't believe it. Christian has just won  individual immunity after five and a half epic hours. No idea what just  happened. What a strange turn of events.  What happened?  Alec just stepped off.  Jeff: Congratulation, Christian. Well earned. Well fought.  Thank you.  Jeff: Christian, get over here.  Good job, Christian. Day 27, individual immunity is yours. You are safe in  this game. As for the rest of you, you have tonight and tomorrow to figure  out who is going to be the next person voted out. Tomorrow night, tribal  council, somebody will become the fourth member of our jury. The good news is  it won't be you. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. See you tomorrow night  at tribal. Congrats.  I won immunity, and it had nothing to do with also ums. It was just I wanted  it more than Alec. Alec is such an obvious trar get for this vote because  he's such a strong immunity threat, but when you're sitting around for a full  day, that's a lot of time for plans to change.  The immunity idol -- immunity challenge yesterday was nose frustrating thing.  I stepped up on that perch and I said I’m not letting go until I win.  Mentally I couldn't handle it. People see me as a physical threat. Me  standing on the perch for six hours sealed my own fate.  I shouldn't have let go.  You body couldn't go anymore, at least medically.  I am the only one that people are talking about right now. It sucks. I didn't  come out here to be like some unanimous vote. I didn't come out here to have  people just say, him. No, I’m not going to give up.  Alec is who we're going after, 100%. 100%. He's a beast.  You know, I’m not of coursing to sugar coat things. The next vote is Alec. It  should not be no turns, no detours, all go to tribal, write down Alec's name.  Let Jeff read the vote. We can all come back to the beach and relax. He's a  beast, we don't get him out, we don't stand a chance.  What did you talk about for so long? Are you going to trust this brand-new  girl? Carl has shown himself to be a controlling player. I call him the Godfather  because I feel like within the Davids he likes to call the shots.  This vote should be very, very simple.  What's happening?  He's discussing the vote.  What's he discussing?  We're going to vote for Alec.  Okay.  One of us got to go home, we should be thankful it ain't none of us. So  that's it.  Yeah.  It's like don't tell Kara, who is an ally of the person whose name you're  throwing out. That's infuriating. Do you not know what game we're playing.  We're in "Survivor." I didn't think we were telling Kara. I felt so  stupid walking up on that.  The only smart thing is to use them.  Dude, I’m curious why Kara had to know.  It's been discussed already.  That makes me feel even stupider because that's first time i've heard of it.  You're too emotional and too paranoid.  I'm not being paranoid to walk up on a conversation.  She didn't feel like she knew what she was walking into in that conversation,  and so as a result she's like, the things that she thought --  Christian, you were in the conversation.  Gabby is one of my closest allies. So much of my job is making sure that Gabby  is happy, but right now she's quite upset.  I really can't work with him.  Gabby...  He just freakin' bosses me around. He's allowed to go talk to other people  but I’m not? It pisses me off.  I find Carl to be coming increasingly problematic. He's both an alliance  liability and perhaps a personal liability because Carl and Gabby are on a  collision course. It's just hard knowing it's you, but if there is one thing  I realize, when everyone wants you out, it's never that easy.  Yeah.  I think there are bigger threats that are using my physicality as like a  screen for them.  Yeah.  Who is in charge of all the Davids?  Carl.  Carl was the one who came back to camp and said, it needs to be Alec. Carl is  the one who came up with the plan to vote me out. Carl was the onehwho got Dan  out with the idol nullifier. I think he's right now blinded by power. When  you get cocky, you're going to get blindsided. I think someone like Carl, he  wouldn't be expecting it.  I'm just saying, he would never expect it. People at this point know I’m going  home. We need two votes, Christian and Gabby.  I'm in.  If I don't pull something out of the hat, I’m going home. So I’m going to do  what I need to do to keep my butt in this game.  We should vote out Carl.  Why can't we?  He's the real threat.  But why can't we?  I toll Kara, Alison and Mike, if we can take out Carl, would you be on board,  and they all looked at me and said, 1,000%. We would love to see a big threat  like him go out. Carl is a difficult alliance member to work work so i'd be  lying if I said I didn't think about that. The thing I worry about is that if  you're gone, it's going to be a tough road for me inch a selfish way, having  you and me around is way sort of diffusing the target.  To get rid of Alec now takes one more threat off the board, but i've always  believed that in order for me to survive, I have to keep threats around or  else I will be the only threat remaining.  As of today, it seems like he has the power to choose which alliance we go  with.  It's a critical time to do it. At this point of the game tribal alliances are  finally blurred to the point where it's like two liquids that just mix. An  you have to start figuring out what's best for your own game going forward.  It's you and me. We're in this because we have to do it together. And we have  to pendulum swing together and it will be stressful as hell.  This is make-or-break point in my relationship with Alec for sure. Either  iwill be voting with him or sending him home. This game is about to get very  dynamic very quickly.  Jeff: We now bring in the members of our jury. Elizabeth, John, and Dan voted  out at the last tribal council. All right. Let's start with the immunity  challenge. It's been a long time since we have had a challenge go nearly six  hours. Christian, on your way to ultimately winning, you were very open and  vulnerable in saying, I could actually maybe win this one, so I’m just not  going to every give up.  Welk back home I self-sacrifice endlessly to please people. I had to remind  myself that I’m in a game that i'll probably only get one chance to play, so  when I’m in that dlem markey look back at the time I was talking to Jeff for  five and a half hours and he was my captive audience, I can remember that  memory.  Jeff: I was captive.  You were captive, yeah, you were captive.  CapTivated.  <br/>Jeff: I couldn't go anywhere. And Alec, you were toe to toe with Christian.  Christian talked the entire challenge. You barely said a word. When did it  start to kick in that you were actually hurting.  I told you all from the beginning I’m not stepping off until I win because I feel  like I’m at a really vulnerable place in this game. That was my mentality  going into it. Next thing I know, hour five, and I remember just trying to  focus on something and closing one eye and shaking my head. An I remember  being really dizzy.  Jeff: Nick, one of the other elements was you had chance to sit out and not  compete for immunity and have nachossen stead, which you took part in along  with Carl and Angelina. Was there any impact?  No, there wasn't at all. If anything there was other people saying, man if, I  had known that was six hours, I would have sat out and had some nachos too.  So the decision we made looked brilliant.  I think it says someone's about someone's character if they're going to opt  out.  Jeff, he's eaten three rewards. I haven't eating anything but a scoop of rice  here or. There that was the only opportunity I had to get some food, so all I  can do is hope my timing was right that I chose to sit out and give myself  some nourishment, have the strength physically and mentally to continue on  with my alliance and i'll roll with it.  I'm calling a spade a spade. You were confident enough to eat nachos. It is  what it is.  I'm sorry, Jeff. "Survivor" in every way is about calculated risks.  You know, eat a nacho is a calculated risk. To not eat the nachos is a  calculated risk. Also what that risk reveals about your calculation. I think  that's what we're talking about right now.  You know what, Jeff, the concept of calculated decisions is really salient  right now. Everything is done with intention, you know, should I get this  food, and am I feeling in a good place with the people that say that they  trust me and who I say I trust? That was something part of my calculation, as  well.  Jeff: Alison, buy that in  i don't buy a lot of what Angelina is selling anymore.  To be honest, Jeff, it's hypocritical for alston say that when the three  people who were chiming in, these three Goliath, they made a very calculated decision  last tribal council.  Jeff: What do you mean? What's the decision they made?  Yes, i'll get there.  Jeff: Mike covering his face.  No, no, no, so it's okay, Mike. I'm going to be delicate about it. But i'd  rather much talk about how the tribal alliance has fallen and there's new  alliances and new relationships than talk about a decision to eat nachos  because I think there's so much more than that, Jeff.  Jeff: So is this moment that Angelina talking about that goes back to last  tribal, is it still relevant right now?  I definitely think we've crossed tribal alliances no question there. New  alliances have been formed. But I don't think they've truly been tested yet.  Jeff: And that's the trick in "Survivor" is like, are we going to  just talk about it or are we going to do it?  Jeff: Alison, really, the numbers are small enough now that you better be  playing your own game.  Right. We keep circling around these tribal lines are blurred, but when it  comes down to the votes, it doesn't seem like the blurring is happening. It's  interesting how everyone sort of knows the most likely person going home  tonight is the person who is on the beam for five and a half hours.  Jeff: Alec?  Alec.  We all know it's social politics, it's strategy, it's not physical. Christian  stood on the beach and beat me. Number two, maybe these people throwing my  name are using me because I’m an easy vote right. Now once I’m gone, who are  the easy votes. The threats are gone. I believe if I’m a threat, keep me  around. Maybe I’m a shield for someone.  Jeff: It's always interesting what one person sees as a reason to get rid of  someone is what another person might see as a reason to keep somebody.  That's fundamental to how the game works and why there's this dichotomy where  every strength can become a weakness.  Jeff: Carl, that's where it's interesting to circle back to the beginning  that you, Angelina, and new england sat out of the challenge, because in  these last 24 hours, the game has shifted, that could have been a million  dollar platter of nachos you feasted on.  If it was wrong and I get canned, but it's something I have to deal with. But  I feel i've made the right can connections at this particular time of the  game to say the decision I made the eat nachos was a good decision for me at  that time.  Jeff: Okay. It is time to vote. Mike, you're up.  I'm putting my trust in my alliance. Hopefully they put trust in me.  I'm doing this for the benefit of my game and no one else's.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want the play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Alec. Carl.  Alec. Two votes Alec. One vote Carl. Alec. Three votes Alec. One vote Carl.  Alec. That's four vote Alec. Alec. That's five votes Alec. One vote Carl.  11th person voted out and fourth member of our jury, Alec. That's six. That's  enough. You need to bring me your torch.  It's been real.  No worries.  Love you.  You're a stud.  That's it, brother.  Jeff: Alec, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  Good luck, Alec.  Bye, Alec.  Jeff: Well, the lines are clearly blurred and this game is wide open. Grab  your torches. Head back to camp. Good night. Of you, man, but I’m glad you  were able to realize, that physical threat stuff is real, man.  He's a beast. Watching Alec watch out with his torch snuffed, man, that just  made my whole time out here, because I know there's five Davids and four Goliaths.   We overtook the power and they don't even realized it. That's the beauty of  it. One at a time.  The Davids have swung the game completely in our favor. And we have all the  power in the world now.  I just wanted to fight harder. Why am I fighting harder? I've been trained to  see this thing from your perspective as well as my own.  Yeah.  I'm excited.  Yes, yes.  I wanted to fight for Alec, and I did, but at some point I realized that just  like in the hospital, I can't save every life. There's a point in time where  someone is in too critical a condition. I think that with him out of the  picture, e-mail probably next biggest physical threat there is. So they're  probably going to target me, and I take blame for that.  Thank you for comforting me. It's hard.  I know.  I've been talking with these Davids about making a move, and I didn't do it.  Now look at where I am. Now I’m just praying that Christian and Gabby will  want to work together or did I miss my opportunity? Work together or did I miss  my opportunity?  Jeff: All right. You guys ready to get to today's reward challenge?  Yeah, let's go, baby.  For today's challenge you're going to be divided into two teams of four. On  my go you'll swim out the a tall ladder, climb it, and leap off. You'll then  drive down to release two lines of buoys with an attempt to land those buoys  in a series of targets. First team to finish wins reward. Want to know what  you're playing for? The winning four will board the "Survivor"  speedboat for a fun afternoon cruising through the fijian islands. Fried  chicken, potato salad, corn on the cob, ice-cold beverages and cheesecake for  dessert. We're going to do a schoolyard pick there is one extra person. That  means somebody will not be chosen that. Person will not participate and have  no shot at reward. We'll draw for captains. We'll get started.  Wow.  Jeff: All right. Kara was a captain. She picked Carl, Davie, and Mike.  Angelina was a captain. She picked Nick, Gabby, and Alison. Nobody chose Christian.  Christian has to sit out. No shot at reward. Here we go. For reward.  Survivors ready? Go! First you got to get to the ladder. Than you will go up  the ladder one at a time and leap off. You're good. Mike's going to go up  first. Go, purple. Great britain yes's going to go up first for purple. Mike  climbing the tall ladder. Leaps. Carl heading up now. Here's Gabby for purple  slowing down. Go. Carl getting to the top. He's going to jump. Alison trying  to make up some time. Go, Alison. Davie now scampering up that ladder. Here  comes Angelina. Kara up quickly. There goes Nick. Nick with a big leap.  Orange, you're good to dive down. Nick got to get to the ring. Purple is good  now. You are now trying to pull two lines of buoys to release them.  Go.  Jeff: Nick going to head down for purple. It's going to be Kara now for  orange giving it a go. Kara has the first buoy for orange. She's going back  down. Nice job by cara. Purple still working on their first set of buoys.  Angelina going to give it a go. That's what it takes. Angelina releases the  first line.  That's it. No Davie does it for orange. They have both sets of buoys. Start  swimming them in.  One more push.  Jeff: It's Alison going down to finish the job for purple. Can she do it?  Yes, she's got it. Start swimming them in. You're looking for the five marked  buoys. Orange is good. You can start shooting. It's going to be Davie. Davie  just misses. Now you got to swim that buoy back before anybody else can go.  Here comes purple trying to stay in this. Here goes Mike for orange. Still  trying to score that first basket. Oh, in and out. Mike just misses. Alison  is up. Here comes Angelina. You're good. Start untying. You're looking for  five marked buoys. That's it. Carl going to give it a go. Can he score that  first point? No. Purple is good. You can start shooting. It's going to be Nick.  Nick scores first shot. It is now purple in the lead. Here goes Davie trying  to tie it up. Davie, whoa. Davie scores for orange with authority. Here goes Alison.  No, here goes Carl for orange. He's been close. This time he gets it done.  Orange back in the lead now. Here goes Nick, not messing around. Nick scores.  We're tied again. 2-2. It is become -- back and forth. Here goes Davie. It is  now orange in the lead, 3-2. You have five buoys total. Angelina just misses.  Carl could extend the lead right here. And he does. Orange has four. They are  down to their last one. It would be Carl's first reward earned in this game,  and he's a part of helping them win it. Here goes Davie for the win right  here. And he's got it. Orange wins reward. Davie, Mike, Kara, and Carl within  reward. The drought is over for Carl, and it continues for Angelina. Still  has not won a reward in this game. Mike, Kara, Carl, Davie, fun afternoon.  Fried chicken, cold beverages, including beer. Bring in the boat. All right,  guys. Head out. Enjoy your afternoon. All right. Nick, Alison, Gabby, Angelina,  Christian, got nothing for you. Have a fun afternoon back at camp with a  little bit of rice.  Winning this reward was so crucial because I really do think that the Davids  very well could from here on out just pick off the Goliaths one by one. So  it's a great time to reconnect with Carl and Davie, who I came back from Vuku  from, and if we could get even closer, no matter what, it would take me  further in the game  put this boat in gear and let's get it. Lets go, baby.  Winners!  I love it. I love it. I love every bit of it.  The beers on the boat go round and round, round and round.  Carl, you need a beer? [burping]  damn.  Winning reward with Carl, Davie, and Kara was a triumph, because Carl and Davie  are kind of in power now. I'm truly a free agent, and I feel like I can use  them to my advantage, so it was a good time to kind of suck up to the king,  and Kara and I did a lot of sucking up.  This is my first reward, man.  I knew that you need it.  I could literally cry right now at this moment.  This is Carl's first reward. He's stoked. It's apparent that he loves beer  and he's just not worried about a thing.  So we good. We good, man.  I need you to trust me.  Alison has to go next. The only person who is going to be hurt by that is Gabby.  No one else.  We have the numbers, so not a problem.  I don't know if it was a slip up, but he's comfortable with me and he decides  he wants to get Alison out, which is unbelievable that you really think that  I’m going to be fine with yet another Goliath, yet another person on my  alliance to go home. I'm just going to pretend like we're going to work  together moving forward and I’m very glad that I have Mike here with me.  Davie's drunk. Advantage quicksand.  Carl with his beer in his hand.  I see food.  We got biscuits, potato salad.  Oh, my God.  That's iced tea with lemons in it.  And plates and actual forks.  Thank you, God.  This is the best reward, not only getting to eat, but because I was able to  prove to myself that I am an athlete, man.  I continuously by my homeboys get my black card taken away from me. You all  know what a black card is? That's when they try to tell you you're not black.  You've got to be able to play sports. You got to watch sports, and I never  been able to do none of that, at least in my mind, but right here right  now...  You nailed it.  You're shaquille o'neal.  Finger roll.  They're not taking my black card no more. The fact that I was able to dunk on  first one, it was like, come on, man, you got this stuff in you, dude.  It won't be a piece of chicken left on that plate. I can promise you.  I'm happy.  I'm so happy that it's us four. Because there's some people at that beach  that are shady, shady, shady.  Just know if you need to get Alison out or something, we're here to help.  We're here to help.  Exactly. It's just matter of time. We're doing it. I love you guys.  Love you, too.  Carl's error in this game at this point is this confidence that he can say  whoever he wants to and that everyone will go along with it. It's really  solidified the fact that I’m just a pawn in Carl's grand scheme, and I didn't  come here to play a pawn. He is just getting drunk on this reward. He's like  drunk off power in this game. His confidence is blowing out of his beer  bottle. And it was great for my game, because now I know where his head is  at.  You really think it's five?  I really don't know, Gabby.  I'm not sold on the five. I think it would be foolish. Carl is perceived as  calling all the shots. So there -- they're going to perceive it that we went  along as the Godfather. As long as he is perceived as calling all the shots,  we won't get credit. We have to remove the God fare so people know we have  agency in this game. I think it's time to make a move, and I’m ready. My job  as a technical writer is to look at a whole bunch of information, synthesize  it and figure out what is actually needed. And that's what i've been doing  with Carl. I've been gearing information, how he treats me, how he treats  others, how he acts in the alliance, and I’m not going to just sit on that  information. I'm going to act on it. This is what I’m hoping happens in full  candor, because honestly at this point I see you and Christian as my closest  ally. I want it to be a blindside or Carl, because I’m telling you, Carl, Nick,  and Davie think it's David strong. So I hope that me and Christian can walk  it down, get Mike and we freakin' do it, because not one extra person can  know.  It is music to my ears that Gabby wants to vote together and take out a  threat in this game. We've been doing this song and dance for five tribal  councils now, but the timing feels right. The clouds are parting. The sun is  shining. There is an hallelujah chorus. We are going to do this.  Hey there. Welcome back. Was it good?  The reward was awesome. I mean, I enjoyed every bit of it. And I feel as  though my game is in great shape. And I had beer. Chicken and beer.  We fought hard to get the numbers, we don't plan on giving it back. We can  pick them apart one at a time like they were supposed to do to us. So we  don't have to do a whole lot of scrambling. I'm ready to get Alison ass out  of here. She's the biggest threat that's left. Alison. We're not going to  walk around here scrambling. That we're not going to do. The only backlash  we're going to get from that --  Christian seems really solid. Us four and Christian five, that's rock solid.  I think it's going to be gaby. It's going to be you.  Essentially I have been able to replace gab yes's position within the  historic Davids and put Gabby on the outs. Gabby has become so close with Alison,  and she's going to go right down with her.  Listen, tomorrow the vote is going to be for Alison. Alison is the biggest  threat.  I know.  To me Carl is the Godfather. He brings me over, and he's like, we're voting Alison,  and then we're supposed to kisss the ring and head off to the beach. But for  now, I’m kind of okay with that. I think the Davids have their pecking order,  and Alison is next up, so I have to get on my lifeboat and like swim away  from the Alison ship.  We don't want to be scrambling, so, we all decided it's going to be Alison.  Alison?  Yeah. If Gabby asks you, we're voting for Angelina.  The plan handed down by Godfather Carl, when I was beckoned to his bedside,  he tells me, Christian, the vote is Alison. We're leaving Gabby out of it.  It will piss off Gabby, but what you going to do? Cool with that? Carl, I’m cool  with it. Absolutely. I always love to defer all my major strategic decisions  to someone who is still half sloshed.  We don't have to do no scrambling tomorrow you guys. It's that simple.  Gabby is my closest ally.  I'll make sure she thinks it's Angelina.  There you go. That's all we need to do.  So that moment was a final data point for me that Carl must go.  Let's say Carl magically went away. He has power in a more literal sense than  i've ever seen. There's something slightly menacing about it.  I would be working with Alison, Kara, Gabby, and me. That's five.  Christian and Gabby are ready to flip. Christian and Gabby along with Kara  and Alison are ready to vote for Carl, and they need a fifth and they need  me.  To be honest, I’m willing to swing left or right, you know what I mean?  That's wonderful to hear, Mike.  I definitely feel like I’m in the middle right now. There's for on one side,  four on the other, but it's a win-win. Like if Carl goes home, then, you  know, the Godfather is gone. And if Alison goes home, then wonder woman is  gone and I can make the decision which will serve my game the best.  There is the sun.  Oh, there it is. Awesome.  That's a beautiful sign.  Yeah.  Gabby and Christian are out there watching it. So right now I’m telling you,  the real plan, we've decided to vote Angelina.  So they're really lying to me and not telling me it's Alison.  I can't wait for tonight.  Because that proves that I’m not with them. And they're using Angelina  instead of me. That's good. I'm so glad I’m making a move. I'm not stupid. The  real target is Alison, and the reason the Davids aren't telling me is because  they think that I’m close to Alison. That's so funny. Do people seriously  think I’m stupid. I don't know how you can say you're in an alliance and not  tell one of your alliance members who you're voting for. We're not in an  alliance, are we? But you know what? I'm one step ahead of you. We should  count out how much is left.  I know it's low. I know we've already had way too much. We're in a bad spot  right now.  The rice has just quickly been depleting. Basically at this rate, we will be  out of rice within one or two days.  Current situation is that we have 15 of the small seashells. So we're less  than one-third of what we would need to just sustain what we've been eating  so far. And I immediately identified this opportunity as my chance to start a  negotiation with Jeff at the next immunity challenge. So my idea is we start  with first off all of the fishing gear. Second would be majority of the  cooking gear. During my course of study when I was getting my mba at yale,  there is a required negotiations class, and I loved it so much that I actually  elected to take advanced negotiations. So it's an area that I just love to  do. It's fun to me. We need to talk about the hammocks.  You want to start with all that stuff? Angelina is like she knows exactly how  much rice we're supposed to eat every day for the rest of the thing, and  she's like done an inventory of everything at the camp, the fishing gear, the  luxuries, the blankets, and she's ready to sell it down to get some rice. In  a way, she's right, but she's still aggravating every step of the way.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. Let's get to today's immunity challenge.  First things first, Christian, got to take back the necklace. Turn around,  please. Hands behind your back. You're not being arrested at this point.  We'll save that for later.  Jeff: Once again immunity is become up for grabs. For today's challenge,  you're going to race over an obstacle. Then around a post, and then cross a  balance beam, checking three bundles of puzzle pieces along the way. You'll  then use those pieces to solve a word puzzle. First to finish wins immunity,  safe at the vote, guaranteed a 1-8 shot at getting to the end. Losers tribal  council where somebody will be the fifth member of our jury. Big stakes. You  guys ready to get to it?  Yeah.  Jeff: All right. We have a question for you before we get to the immunity  challenge.  Jeff: Yeah, go.  So the tribe was wondering if you were open to a negotiation regarding rice.  Jeff: What's up?  So we're getting critically low. We're at the point now where we have at best  ten of these shells remaining, and so we're prepared to make an offer to you  unless you want to put the first offer out.  No, go ahead.  Okay.  Jeff: This is fun.  So our starting offer, and this was discussed as whole, is we want to start  with an offer of all of the fishing gear, the majority of all of the cook  sets with the exception of a small pot and a large pot and one knife as well  as two of the comfort charities and the hanging swing from the comfort as  well as the remaining tea and coffee. That's our starting point. You're  hoping if you have a counter we're all ears.  Jeff: Angelina, that was the most well-laid-out presentation of a lowball offer.   You always start low. If you know negotiation, that's what you do.  Jeff: Here's my thought. If somebody here is willing to risk their shot at  immunity, i'll provide enough rice to get you through the end, rationed rice,  not an abundance. So is there anybody that wants to sacrifice their shot at  immunity, maybe you feel safe?  You're going to do it?  I'll do it, Jeff.  Jeff: Angelina is going to sacrifice. She's going to give up her shot at the  most important thing in the game so everybody else can benefit with rice. We  don't have a sitout bench. Phi f find a spot in the grass. -good luck. Good  luck.  Great negotiation.  I wanted it to be me, because it's a big moment for my Survivor story and for  my resume, but it wasn't without risk and vul -- vulnerability. My name is  the decoy name that's being given, but it shows I’m a risky player who is  willing to make big moves and big sacrifices to make things happen.  Jeff: All right. Here we go, for immunity, Survivors ready? Go! You got to  get up and over that first obstacle with your first bundle of puzzle pieces.  Everybody up quickly. Everybody untying. It's going to be Carl coming down.  Here's Kara. Davie jumps. Christian jumps. Carl jumps. Nick jumps. A huge  leap. Gabby is across. There's Alison. Kara. And Mike. Everybody across.  You're spinning now. You got to keep both hands on that post and you are  going to get dizzy, but the faster you get done, the faster you release that  second puzzle of pieces.  Oh, my gosh.  Jeff: Who is it going to be? Everybody continues to spin. Davie has his. Carl  has his. Christian has his. Nick has his. Now you've got to tackle the  balance beam while carrying two bundles of puzzle pieces and being dizzy.  Christian all turned around. There goes Kara. Davie is out. Here comes Carl.  Kara falls off. Got to start again. Mike's got to go back. Davie has his  third bundle. Got to get across the beam. Davie first across. He can start  solving. Got to put 11 blocks in there, Davie. Here comes Carl. Carl's  across. Kara is across. Alison's across. Christian is good. Nick is good.  Here comes Mike. Mike's good. Gabby now across. It's an 11-letter word, but  you have 13 letters. Those other two letters will be in your hand as you  start to swap letters out trying to figure out what this word is. Alison is  swapping out letters. Angelina has already given up her shot at immunity,  increasing everybody else's odds. You want the see day 31 right now. That's  all that matters. Kara stepping back the take another look. Carl swapping out  letters. Is he on the something. Mike sticking putting his letters in. Gabby  putting her letters in. Nick giving it another look now. Christian has his 11  letters in. Everybody now trying to solve. Carl getting close to something.  Alison trying something else. Who has that big vocabulary? Carl thinks he has  it. Perception, that is not right. Carl got to go back at it. The word wasn't  right, but that shows you what a little food does. Carl gets his first  reward, and first one to solve a word. We're looking for one specific word,  and it is not "perception."  oh, my God.  Jeff: Alison with a big reaction. She locked in on something. Now it's Davie  trying to catch Alison. Davie and Alison moving pieces like they know. It's  going to be close if they're right.  Jeff, Jeff,.  Jeff: Davie thinks he has it. And he does. Perspective. Davie wins individual  immunity.  Wordsmith.  I was, there I was there.  You were right there.  Wow.  Jeff: Davie, come on over. Nice job.  Thank you.  Smarty pants.  Jeff: Davie safe tonight at tribal council. Can not be voted out of this  game. As for the rest of you, after 30 very, very tough days in fiji,  somebody will become the fifth member of our jury. It won't be you. Grab your  stuff, head back to camp. See you tonight at tribal council. Good job, Davie.   Thank you, Angelina.  This is best-case scenario. Someone in my alliance wins the immunity. Alison  is without the necklace. So I’m leaving feeling like I won, because I was  able to close the deal with Jeff and we can take Alison out.  Oh, we're going to be good to go.  Oh, yeah.  Thank you so much.  Thank you for the sacrifice.  It's okay. I don't want to make a big deal out of it.  It is a big deal.  Let me just count it.  And Alison has to go home tonight. But I say we do a feast of rice. It's a  celebration.  Cool.  I don't think it's a tough decision tonight. We vote Alison out and we all  live to see two more days, as long as the Davids stick together, the last  thing we want to do is make a dumb move and give the Goliaths the numbers  back.  While this group is together, we're solid.  Uh-huh.  Yes, ma'am.  Angelina right now on our side is working in our favor as well as Mike, so  we're using them for as long as we have to.  I mean, I know i've played my heart out.  Yep.  But I actually think they're writing my name.  I think it will be because you didn't win immunity.  The margins heading into tonight's tribal council are razor thin. It's going  to be a 5-4 vote. Most likely, and the fate of my game rests in the hands of Kara,  Christian,, Gabby, and Mike. So I obviously have that fear today that any of  the people that I think are writing down my name and I’m going to be the  fifth member of the jury.  Our next conversation needs to be with Mike.  Yeah.  Right now there's two camps, and I’m in the middle. I've made really strong  assurances to both groups that I’m with them.  Awesome.  Yeah.  I'm a writer and director, but I’m also an actor, and I have to do like my  greatest acting i've ever done to just get through this day.  I know we have four votes.  So what?  Any one thing goes wrong.  Well, I’m definitely -- every person i've talked to is all in.  At this point it's every Goliath for himself. And even though Alison an I worked  together from the beginning, Alison is the most competitive person out here, so  it would actually be easier for my game if Alison goes home. And I think Carl,  he's kind of become the don mafia of the camp, and it's annoying. So it's  going to be a hard call tonight, because I’m going to be burning some bridges  one way or another.  I'm full of dirt. I keep pulling out sand. Uh, this is the thing I hate the  most being out here. I have no paranoia, I just have beard hate. This is  disgusting. I have to do something about it.  I love Mike, and I think Mike wants to take out Carl. But Mike is a  professional actor. He works in hollywood. I mean, this is his job. He voted  for me twice.  We're both still cool with today?  Oh, yeah, I’m 100% in.  An yet I’m trusting him on this vote to vote with me. But I have to take the  shot.  I just wanted to touch base one last time.  Carl?  Solid. We're all set, as long as Mike doesn't [bleeped] us.  I think he almost I’m stoked. Okay.  We'll pick up the pieces when we get home.  They'll be apologizing to us, or the me.  At least to you, that's true.  If Carl goes home tonight, I’m going to feel so vindicated that this whole  time i've been seen as an emotional young woman, seen as hysterical, all  these insults slung my way, and I’m going to feel so proud that I broke free  from those perceptions and showed that I’m not going to be an underdog in  this game anymore. But the plan really has to be executed flawlessly,  otherwise I’m writing down Carl's name and he's coming back to camp with me  and all will be exposed.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Elizabeth, John, dan, and Alec,  votessed out at the last tribal council. So Kara, last friday everybody voted  for Alec. Was there a shift in the dynamic, or do you think it will be the  same thing again, everybody's going to vote for one person?  Last tribal was tough. It was basically like a sacrifice to show that we  wanted to work with the Davids, and tonight if I can relate it to real  estate, you say you want to work with somebody, is official until you sign  that contract that proves where the line really are drawn.  Jeff: Alison, it sounds like the last vote was a show of good faith.  Certainly demonstrating that I was willing to vote out someone who was so  close to me. I was saying, I’m here to play this game. Let me play with you.  Jeff: So Nick, what is the dynamic at camp now?  Well, I think when there were seven Goliaths and five Davids the beach was  like a frying pan and there was scrambled eggs everywhere, because everybody  was scrambling, and now it's a lot less hectic.  Perhaps more of a poached egg. You take a big boiler bowl and drop the egg  in. There's little pieces swirling around, but eventually they coalesce into  one whole, which is presumably the plan you think is going to go down at  tribal tonight.  That's awesome. That makes sense.  And i'll add just one thing, Jeff. This there is a really jovial spirit at  camp, but tribal is like a coliseum. We're all gladiators, but we're giving  each other permission to play this game hard and not take things too  personally.  Jeff: Mike, you're nodding?  I think that analogy is good. When I first started voting people out, I felt  guilt stricken. As there's more blood on the floor, okay, let's get another  person out of camp. I don't know, it's the only way I can say it.  Jeff: Alison, what did you notice at camp today? Was it calm? Or was there a  level of tension?  It was surprisingly calm to the point that it was discomforting to me. You  know, I thought last tribal would liberate my game, and then maybe I’m just  the next one.  I think what's happening with Alison is she's had scrambled eggs for so long,  an now it's switched up and her breakfast tastes different. It has her  worried. It's a different taste in her mouth. It's just difference.  Jeff: Carl, did you feel that same thing? People weren't talking to you?  For me honestly, camp didn't seem any different. I knew who I had spoke  within previously, if they want to talk to me, all they have to do is come to  the shelter. So I’m okay with the way the vibe was at camp today.  Jeff: Gabby, what do you make of Carl's answer? What I hear him say, if  anybody felt vulnerable, they know where I am, set an appointment.  Set an appointment. That's what I was thinking. I don't know if it's like,  you approach me or I approach you, but I feel like the conversations that  have been had over fast couple days have been very deliberate. You may not  check in again with each other, but we're locked in. You have to have trust  in those people that that's what's happening.  Jeff: Mike, you have to mention the fact that the last three people voted out  were Goliaths. So is tonight's vote as simple as Davids just picking off a Goliath?   Honestly, no, tribal lines have blurred. I won the reward challenge with Carl  and Davie and Kara. I'll remember that day for the rest of my life. So  moments like that change relationships.  Jeff: Angelina, concern you at all this when people go on a reward it can be  so powerful that it could actually impact a vote?  I think there's a little bit of nervous energy, but I think there are clear  eyes and full hearts for certain people here, and maybe not for others. For  me securing the rice with you was proof that there is a strong group of  people who I trust. Had I not had that backing, I wouldn't have been able to  have the confidence that I did to make the deal with you today to get rice  for the rest of the game.  Jeff: Alison, do you concur with Angelina that there is a clear plan for  tonight's tribal?  Not necessarily. I have a lot more apprehension about the plan, but I just  have to put faith at this point because I was two letters short from having  perspective.  Jeff: very close today. Davie, you got a clear plan?  Definitely for the vote tonight there's a clear plan, but everyone's got  those things in their mind, like is this going to help me move forward or is  this going to help me move backward.  Jeff: Mike, Davie just hit it. There might be one or two clear plans for  tonight's vote, but there are nine unique plans to get to day 39.  That's what keeps us all up at night, all the different iterations of how we  could get to the end and who do we trust. Like whatever strategizing is going  on or has been going on, it can get you heady, you know?  Jeff: Okay. It is time to vote. Kara, you're up.  Sorry, girl. I love you, but this is a I got to get you before you get me  vote.  You're the Godfather no more.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want the play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Alison.  Alison. Two votes Alison. Carl. Carl. We're tied, two votes Alison, two votes  Carl. Alison. Three votes Alison. Alison. That's four votes Alison, two votes  Carl. Carl. That's four votes Alison, three votes Carl. Carl. We're tied.  Four votes Carl. Four votes Alison. One vote left. 12th person voted out and  fifth member of our jury, Carl. You need to bring me your torch.  Good job, guys.  Jeff: Carl, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  Bye.  Good job, guys. Tonight's vote makes one thing very clear: The lines have  definitely blurred. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night.  Captioning funded by cbs captioned by media access group at wgbh  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," family brings everyone together.  It's time for some love.  Yes!  Jeff: But the ultimate betrayal --  oh, my gosh. I couldn't believe it was coming out of her mouth.  Jeff: Breaks the game wide open.  I want the play my number-one ally. I'm confused. I never seen that one  coming we had a plan in place but  i put my guard down and they switched the plan and I’m the one who is going  home. It's no different than driving my truck. I was on cruise control,  moving a little fast, but in this game, you just can't do that. It was a  great move on their part and they got the better of me.