<br/>[applause]  Jeff: It's the "Survivor: David vs. Goliath" reunion show. Nick has  just won "Survivor's" 37th season. You know, we couldn't really  guess that we could have a more perfect season for you to end up as winner.  This David versus Goliath idea, you come from a small town in kentucky,  humble beginnings, there's been tragedy in you family, and yet it seemed like  during the show all those things that helped mold you and raise you were  actually the skills that helped you win. Did you see that evolving.  Yes, I think I did. And, you know, I tried to get on the show for so many  years, so when we were sitting on the barge and they dropped the thing and  they said, David versus griet, I’m thinking, this is the season I was  supposed to be on. It felt like fate. All those things that I guess made the  humble beginnings you call them, they did help in the game.  Jeff: I know from talking to you, you had a personal debate, do I leave the  small town and go to the big city and have a big career or stay in the small  town and try to help the people, my community. Does the $1 million impact  that decision?  I think so, and, you know, I wanted to be a lawyer because I wanted to be  rich because of the way I grew up. But then something changed for me where I felt  like I had a calling instead of a career. So I went and finally made it back  home to help people. Now I feel like if money is not an option, I don't have  to try troy to work for a big firm and stay at hem and do what I feel like  it's my calling to do.  A true David.  Jeff: Thanks, Jeff.  Mike, in some ways you're kind of the polar opposite. I mean, coming into  this game,... Well, meaning this, you have a really big, successful career,  which is tough to do in any field, especially in hollywood. And you have  turned down a job to come play this game. What was the draw of "Survivor"?   I think as a writer you feel like you don't want to spend your whole life  just observing life. You want to just live it, you know what I mean? For me,  I don't want the spend all my create difficult on my work. I want to spend it  toward living, you know what I mean? Even if it means embarrassing yourself  from front of millions of people. It feels like you have to take a chance and  live the adventure and, you know, get off... Get away from your computer.  Jeff: So a lot of people have that feeling when they're out on the island.  I'm always going to be like this. I'm going to take this back to my real  life. So when you come back to the pressures of hollywood or the anxiety of a  cell phone, were you able, have you been able to mold this into your life?  I feel like I will. I feel like what I learned on "Survivor" I will  definitely --ly keep chasing the adventure and also chasing these people  hopefully.  Jeff: Angelina, let's come down to you.  Yeah.  Jeff: We haven't had anybody as polarizing as you in a while.  You know, I felt for you because I know how everybody... The world knows how  brutal social media can be. So let's tart there. How have you handled all the  criticism that came your way.  Yeah, so, to be honest, in real life I’m not polarizing, but on "Survivor"  you are just with your essential goods. There is a part of me, there is a big  side of me that is aggressive and confident and outspoken. I really leaked  into that side of myself for the game because I wanted to just play with my  heart out. I wanted to go full steam from the beginning, and that's what I did.  That's the game I played. I can be proud of that. That being said, like you  recognized, there are people out there who don't like to see that. And I think  that we're in a really unique point in time where women are finding our voice  and we are speaking up, and I am so proud. [cheering and applause] thank you.  I'm so... It's been an honor to be on the show an represent, that because  there are many more of me many this country. I think times are changing.  Jeff: Let's dig a little deeper. I agree with you. I think that if a man had  played the exact same game you played, we would have labeled him or commented  on him very differently, 100%. You played an aggressive, smart game. You went  for it.  Thank you.  Jeff: But now let's go into the part where I heard people, like bringing up  the rice or the ladder that was 100 feet in the air, that was about eight.  I climbed about 50.  Jeff: Okay. Fair enough. I don't know how you get 50 from an eight-foot  radder.  Because I went to the top of the waterfall.  Jeff: Let me remind you of one of my favorite moments. Let's look back  earlier in the season.  Is there any way I could have your jacket? Natalie?  Jeff: Natalie, the tribe has spoken.  Thank you, Jeff.  Natalie.  It's time for you to go.  Nothing.  Jeff: So my question with that is, given that you are a strong woman and  shouldn't back down from that, was there any self-awareness when you watched,  maybe I pushed the rice issue a little much.  Look, no one laughed hard at jacket-gate or the rice situation than myself. I  was like, please stop asking me so many times, let Natalie go, let the rice  go. So you have to just have a good sense of humor about it. But, you know,  in the moment it was like, you feel the creativity, you feel the adrenaline,  and you just lean in. If I were to play again, I can see some things I could  tweak for sure.  Jeff: Okay. Before we go to break, take me back to this moment. We're at  tribal council. You played the idol. There's no more security you can have in  the game. And then you see me do something unusual, reach back into the urn  to pull out this round, odd disk.  It was odd.  ?Oo what were you thinking in that moment when you knew something is awry.  First thing I thought of was I knew it was my time. Yep, I’m done. There's  some loop, some crazy something going on here. I was heartbroken, man. And  then I went in full-on shock. I don't even remember you snuffing my torch.  Jeff: You were part of an historic moment.  It's such an honor upon tart of the history of the game. It's a big deal.  Jeff: You were part of the game in an historic game because the guy next to  you Carl played it perfectly. And that's why you were on the jury, as well.  Up next, Christian was one of the biggest underdogs and one of the most  popular players of the season. Did his friendship with Gabby survive the  betrayal? And Natalie is not happy about how she was portrayed. We're going  to talk about it. The "Survivor" reunion show continues right after  this.  Jeff: Welcome back to "Survivor: David vs. Goliath" live reunion  show. Christian, so you play this game and you become a big threat and it's  clear that you're becoming likable and could win the game. But in the beginning  that first day, there had to be a big fear. What was the biggest fear for  you?  Well, early on the biggest fear is I would hit the beach and I would be  ostracized. I know I walk and talk a little differently than most people. I  use words people don't typically use, hypothesis and also rits ums being  chief among them. I didn't know. It's fine at my engineering department at  home. I didn't know how it would fly with the mayor of slamtown or Carl the  trucker, but it turns out really well. I gained some confidence and steam  throughout the game.  Jeff: I think you were one of the best examples of in life sometimes these  things that we think of as liabilities can become assets depending on the  situation, like the five-hour challenge where all of a sudden your ability to  talk forever became this -- that was a very conscious decision on your part,  right?  Indeed it was. Also I notice when I talk I feel in pain, which is a nice  skill to have in a very specific set of circumstances. And, two you know, I had  you right there. You know, I realized I could talk to you. I had you held  captive for six hours. People would pay good money 20 talk to you for that  long, so why not do it.  Jeff: What's the big takeaway? What's the analogy for you playing "Survivor"?   So, you know, "Survivor" in a lot of ways like your first-every day  of school where you think you might know what it's going to be like, but when  you show up in the door, the door closes behind you, there are kids running  around everywhere, you realize, I know nothing. Your game play goes out the  window. You notice the things you thought you might be good at maybe are your  weakness, but maybe the things you thought were your weaknesses or are your  strengths. Or your friends you thought you might have, you might find  completely different friends like the brochachos.  Jeff: So don't limit yourself.  Don't limit yourself. You might be surprised what you can do if you don't put  yourself in a box and spread your wings.  Jeff: Nicely said. Gabby, you guys had one of the most-talked-about  friendships ever on "Survivor," and then you turn and betray each  other. Did it survive.  Yeah, pretty much as soon as I was voted out I was rooting for Christian to  win and I was sorry when he was voted out, but we are friends.  Jeff: Good to here. Natalie, I heard from our producers that you are not  happy about how you were portrayed. So bring it to me. What are you  displeased about.  Jeff, Jeff, Jeff. I was portrayed as lazy, confrontational, probably the  worst player ever, bossy. I own that one. And I didn't really get to show who  I really am. And so I thought why am I being portrayed in such an ugly way. I  am such a fan of the show. I love the show, and therefore when I started to  see it air, I couldn't really celebrate being on the show.  Jeff: Well, I’m being honest now, that hurts my heart, because --  it hurts my heart, too, Jeff.  Jeff: Number one, Natalie, I liked you on the show. I thought you were  fantastic at tribal because you have an opinion. You were willing to say what  you felt. But I’m going to be honest, the way I experienced you at tribal is  exactly how I saw it on the show, as well. So let's just -- risky move here,  bup let's just see. I may regret this question. Does anybody else here feel  we just completely got it wrong with you, with your story?  What?  Jeff: Okay.  They're lying, Jeff.  Jeff: Natalie, maybe you're the only one. Maybe we weren't able to --  can I respond to that very quickly?  Jeff: Yes.  At tribal council I was in the hot seat, so what you saw at tribal council is  where I needed to be, because I was always on the defense. I was the person  that they wanted to take out night one. So my whole game was about surviving,  not being voted out first, and I was committed to the to be first Goliath to  go out. So what you saw at tribal council was me being very aggressive, very  assertive and trying to stay in the game.  Jeff: All right. Well, we didn't see all the flavors[ anybody who might  question the realness, I think this shows it is real, very transparent, we always  want to be honest, here's another something that speaks to that. Here is the  weight loss we had this year. Just to show you how hard it is to live on  rice. Kara lost 26 pounds. Dan lost 26 more pounds. Alison lost 27 pounds.  And Davie lost 36 pounds. And what's crazy is nobody came close to the record  that this guy set back in our third season, that's big tom bakk in 2001. He  would go on to lose nearly 80 pounds. And if you want to see what happens  after a player is voted out, check out our ponderosa episodes. They live  online. They're really cool. Great stuff if you're a "Survivor"  fan. We'll take quick break. When we come back, we'll see how Pat is doing  after his medical evacuation and we're going to tell you what "Survivor"  is doing next season.  Jeff: Well, this season the players had to endure some really tough  condition, including two sigh clones that resulted in us having to evacuate  them and a freak occurrence on a boat led to a very scary moment from pat.  You might remember this from episode one. Pat was in a lot of pain and  ultimately had to be medically evacuated. Pat, you look good right now.  I feel great, Jeff.  Jeff: Are you back?  I feel great, Jeff. I'm ready to go back if you're ready for me to make the  call.  Jeff: I’m ready for you. I just want to make sure, did you feel when it was  all said and done that you were in good handsious because it's a question I get  allotted. You're vulnerable. You're trusting us to take care of you  medically.  Jeff, the medical team and everybody on the beach that day, it's truly  heartwarming to know how much you guys care about the contestants. It's a  great family.  Jeff: Great. Good. Loving hearing that. Well, as one season ends, another  begins. Here's what "Survivor" is doing next. For our 38th season,  a new group of players will take on the greatest social experiment ever  created.  If I want to do something, I just do it. I'm not going to stay here for 39  days and play a boring game. I rather get voted off in a blaze of glory. I'm  ready to go.  I'm a morning news anchor in macon, georgia. I'm a huge fan of the show. I'm  going to come into the game like the cool man. I want to break through the  wall. Oh, yeah.  Jeff: They'll be joined by four returning players.  This game will take everything from you, but you also have to give everything  to the game. There are archetypes like me that people say will never win. I'm  going the prove them wrong. Third time's the charm, baby.  I know how hard this is going to be. I can be starving. It can be pouring.  But I’m here for the win. That's what I want. Ly never quit. I am freaking  determined.  Jeff: And a new layer to the game will push them further than ever before.  Where is my game going to go from here?  You're sew alone. I keep telling myself, don't quit.  It's just really hard.  I don't know if I can do this.  I'm never going to give up.  Jeff: It's "Survivor: Edge of extinction" premiering next spring.  We're taking it to a whole other level. "edge of extinction" pierce  in the spring. Be right back.  Jeff: There they are. David versus Goliath. I hate to say good-bye to these  guys. It's been a really fun season, and if this is speaking to your dream  and you want to be a contestant on "Survivor," go to  cbs.com/casting, and if you want to bid on promise from this season, go to Survivorauctions.com.  Proceeds to go to "Survivor" stand up to cancer. Thank you for  watching. Thanks for being here. Thanks for your continued loyalty. We will  see you in the spring for a great season. "Survivor: Edge of  extinction." good night. Thank you. Captioning funded by cbs captioned  by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org