<br/>Jeff: Welcome to the season finale of "Survivor: David vs. Goliath,"  our 37th season, and it has been one of our most popular. Let's say hello to  the players who have made it so fun to watch, the painful, early voteouts  before you really ever get your footing.pat, Jessica, bee, Natalia, natale,  lyrisa our jury so far, Elizabeth, John, dan, Carl, Gabby, and Christian  voted out last week. And where the money is, the final six, two David, Davie  and Nick, four Goliath, Kara, Angelina, Alison, and Mike. Three of these will  take it to the jury side. Three of these will make it to the end with a shot  the win. We are live in los angeles. [cheering and applause] a fun finale  night. And I just want to address the parents. We know it's a school night,  so thank you for letting your kids stay up a little later tonight. Thanks to  all the families from out of town who have their kids here tonight. I love.  This we make this show for families. We love it when you watch together. And  for all you young viewers who dream of being on the island one day, it can  happen. It happened with Davie. He's been watching since he was eight. Okay.  Let's get to it. It's the finale: "Survivor: David vs. Goliath."  it's the finale: "Survivor: David vs. Goliath." for our 37th  season, 20 players were divided into two tribes.  This is "Survivor: David vs. Goliath."  let's go!  Come on.  Jeff: For 35 days it has been a battle.  Oh, my God.  For your safety, we're going to evacuate you from your island.  Jeff: With ever-changing alliances.  I want to play my number-one ally.  Jeff: Leading of stunning blindsides. The tribe has spoken. And based on the  last tribal council --  i don't know. I think we're still going 100mph.  Jeff: -- this battle shows no signs of slowing down. Now only six remain.  Four Goliaths -- Kara, Mike, Alison, and Angelina. And two Davids -- Nick and  Davie. It's the finale of "Survivor: David vs. Goliath." it's the  finale of "Survivor: David vs. Goliath." it's the finale of "Survivor:  David vs. Goliath."  the Davids have been under the gun from the get-go. Because of it they've  gotten crafty, finding idols left an right. Now that the end is in sight, and  since idols were played at the last tribal, that means everyone is paNicking,  running down the beach, looking for my idols. Everybody knows that everyone  is looking for the idol, but I want that idol for myself. This is a scavenger  hunt with big stakes, big stakes, $1 million stakes, like go look, get out of  the shelter, get off the hammock, go look for an idol.  I am the one in the hot seat. My name has been out there for the last three  tribal councils. I know there has to be an idol out here. I want it. I have  to be in charge of my own destiny out here.  Any luck?  No luck on this end. What about y'all?  No.  You're sweating like hell.  Oh, my God. Congratulation, you have found a clue to a hidden immunity idol.  You will have to work fast. The idol is at the top of the rung. There is a  ladder to retrieve the idol. Good luck. Oh, my gosh. I found theclue to the  hidden immunity idol, but this one is going to be a tricky one to find. You  know, how big is this ladder? How tall is this rock? How do I get this  ladder? Oh, my gosh. Make sure no one is coming. Okay. So, of course, this  ladder is probably like eight feet tall. I was thinking, I don't know, a step  stool or something, but this is "Survivor." this is the final six.  Time is of the essence, right? So I hide my ladder and I walk back up to the  well, because I needed to scout out the area. Oh, my God. I realize that the  clue has fallen out of my bra at some point. This is such an amateur thing to  do, lose your clue? Like are you kidding me? I'm feeling like such a newb. I  have no do it now if I lost the clue, because if someone else finds the clue  and finds the ladder, they get it. I'm screwed. I feel like I need to make my  mad dash to this rock and find my idol now. I'm looking around the well.  There is one huge rock wall. All right. I'm using the ladder. I'm climbing  this rock wall. An I’m going to find this idol. Ouch. Oh, my God. I'm like  literally stuck in here. I think I went too far. So I climbed too high. Now I’m  stuck. And I’m trying to get down safely. But it's super steep. It's a cliff.  So I have to get back down so I can find the idol and get out of here.  I feel like I’m seeing things that aren't there because I’m looking so hard.  So there's no idol up there. Finally I barely made it down. I could have  died. I take my ladder. I put it back into hiding just in the Nick of time,  because I come back to the well, and people are there. So I have to come up  with something, because I can't just be like, hey, guy, I’m hanging out by  the well, because they're going the see right through that.  Are you okay?  Oh, no.  What happened?  I fell really bad.  You fell on your back?  What hurts?  Oh, my God.  I'm so sorry.  I start to cry. I tell them that I had fallen from a tree. I'm so glad to see  you guys.  What did you hit?  I just lean into all of them. I have Alison check me for bruises.  Okay. I don't see anything. I'm sorry.  Nick is giving me a hug. Davie is giving me a hug. I'm like, can you guys  stay with me. I feel light-headed.  I was just like in a daze.  Oh.  I think everyone bought it. So at this point I have to figure out a way to  come back the find this idol. It's my idol, and I will not stop at anything  until I find it.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. Let's get to today's immunity challenge.  First things first, Mike, got the take back the necklace. Thank you. Once  again immunity is become up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're going  the race through a series of obstacles. You'll then use a ball to hook a  target, releasing puzzle steps. You will use those steps to assemble a  staircase and race to the top, where you will solve a 63-piece "Survivor"  puzzle.  Oh, my God.  Wow.  Jeff: First to finish wins immunity, guaranteed a spot in the final five.  Losers tribal council where somebody's once-in-a-lifetime adventure and a  shot at the $1 million will come to an end. In addition, playing for reward.  Really?  Here we go.  Jeff: Yeah. First person to finish will enjoy back at camp spaghetti.  Mmm.  Jeff: Meat sauce and vegetarian, garlic bread and cake for dessert.  There it is.  Jeff: At this point in the game, any food is fuel for your body, an your  tanks are on empty. Everybody take your spots. We'll get started. Good luck.  All right. Here we go. For immunity and reward, Survivors ready?  Yes.  Jeff: Go! You got to get over these first obstacles. This is what 36 days  looks like. Davie and Nick very quick. Mike and Angelina taking a little  longer. That's okay. We are early in this challenge. Now you've got to toss  that ball and get it in the target to release your puzzle pieces.  Oh, dammit.  Jeff: Mike going for it. Mike just short. You have to have enough rope to get  there. Kara releases hers. She's good. Davie catches his. He's good. It is  now Davie and Kara starting to work on their puzzle staircase.  Dammit.  Jeff: Everybody else still trying the hook that target. Angelina's good. Nick  is good. Mike's got his. Pull it. That's how you do it. It is now Alison the  only player left who has not hooked her target. Nick has his first piece in  the staircase. The staircase is another puzzle to solve. There is one piece  for each step, and you have to go in order. Kara has her first piece. Nick  wrong, got to go back. Angelina has her first piece. Alison still fighting to  get in this. Mike has his first piece. Kara coming back with her third. She's  right. Davie has his first. Alison hooks her target. Alison is good. She's  back in it now. Kara with another piece. It is Kara in the early lead  followed by Mike on her tail. Alison has her first piece. Nick comes back  with his second piece. It's right. Here comes Mike. Kara's right. Mike is  right. It is still right now a showdown between Kara and Mike with Angelina  right behind. Here's Davie with another piece. Is he right? Yes. Day 36,  everybody fighting to stay in this game. Kara now extending her lead. Here  comes Angelina now. She's on Kara's tail. Nick now falling behind. Davie with  another piece. Mike with another piece. Kara down to her last piece. She will  be the first to get to her puzzle. Kara's done. It is Kara now with the early  advantage. Already starting to solve that 63-piece puzzle. Davie has his last  piece. Davie's good. He can start working on his puzzle. Angelina coming back  with her last piece. Mike has his last piece. He can start working on his  puzzle. Alison still fighting. Nick still fighting. Angelina can work on her  puzzle. We've got four people now on the puzzle. Angelina, Kara, Davie, and Mike.  Two people still trying to get up here. This is it right here. It is a  monster of a puzzle. Nick is up with his final piece in the staircase. Nick  now can start working on his puzzle. It is just Alison now. She continues to  fight for her shot in this game with tribal council on the line. You know what  you're solving. It is the logo of this season. You're wearing it on your  buff. Alison is up. Everybody now working on their puzzle. Alison has a lot  of time to make up. Nick with a lot of time to make up. It would be a huge  come-from-behind win if Alison or Nick could pull this out. Kara has been in  the lead from the beginning. She's got to the puzzle first and has had the  most time on the puzzle. Angelina right on her tail. Mike is in this. Nick  continues to fight piece by piece to stay in it. This is your specialty, it  will come in very handy right now. Kara's puzzle really coming together now.  Kara and Angelina side by side and neck and neck in this challenge now. They  are the leaders. Nick has pieces all over the place, but that puzzle is  coming together. Davie investigate down. Mike with more progress and another  piece. Alison slowing down now. You need to keep fighting right now, because  you are in it. You got a shot to win it. This is what you dream of, that  necklace on day 36 would be so nice. Nick is in it now. Wow. He's made up a  lot of time. One of the most competitive puzzles I can remember. Somebody's  going to get on a roll here and pull this out. This challenge is very close.  It is Angelina, Kara, Mike, and Nick fighting for immounty with only a few  pieces left. When you have it, step back and yell. You got to let me know.  Kara struggles to find another piece. Mike has another piece. Angelina down  to four pieces left. Nick with another piece. Nick down to his last few  pieces. And another and another.  Jeff, Jeff, Jeff!  Jeff: Nick wins individual immunity.  Yeah, baby.  Jeff: Guaranteed a spot in the final five. Wow. What a finish. That was as  close as you could get.  Wow.  That was a good one.  That was amazing.  Nicely done.  Jeff: Huge come-from-behind victory for Nick. Nick, come on over.  This has been my dream for a very long time.  Jeff: Congratulations.  Smile. That's going to be my profile pic.  Jeff: Nick safe tonight at tribal council. Cannot be voted out of this game.  You are guaranteed a spot in the final five. In addition you have won reward.  Choose one person to join you back at camp.  Oh, gosh. Well, you said there would be vegetarian stuff in there, I’m not  going to do much with that, so I’m going to pick Angelina to take care of that  half for me. I'll take care of the meat.  Jeff: All right. You have one more choice inch doing so, you're going to  bring one person with you.  I'm a vegetarian, too.  Jeff: You will bring three people with you, three people will be left back at  camp.  I'm telling him, he doesn't need to pick me. He already picked me for the  family visit.  I do appreciate you saying, that Davie. With that case, I’m going to have to  choose Mike. I'm sorry to  Jeff: My Jabeni crew.  Thank you.  Jeff: Alison, this is becoming a common story. Once again not chosen.  You know, I’m clawing my way through this game, and I’m very hungry right  now. They all know that. I'm a bag of bones, but I’m still here, so I’m still  smiling.  Jeff: All right. Here's what's going to happen. Nick, back at camp, you, Angelina,  and Mike will enjoy spaghetti, meat and vegetarian, garlic bread, cake, wine.  Alison, Kara, Davie, nothing for you. The bigger picture, tribal council  tonight, where one of the five of you will be voted out. It won't be you.  Congrats.  Thank you, Jeff. No grab your stuff, head back to camp.  It was crushing to lose and not go on reward because I’m just the person left  behind every time. God, it is hard to constantly be the one in the  cross-fire.  Beautiful.  I walk into the reward, and where are we but the waterwell. I know that the  idol is in proximity, and I lost my clue, so I can't really recall the little  details. I'm not sure exactly where it is. The food is honestly barely on my  mind at this point.  Just what the doctor ordered.  Uh-huh.  Guys, let's get a cheers going here.  Oh, yeah, baby.  Life is good.  Cheers, cheers, cheers.  Sure, they're sitting there plotting our demise.  I mean, I want to think that Nick has my back on that reward, but that Jabeni  strong thing is scary.  That is scary.  I'm hoping that Alison will be the one to go, but I’m vulnerable urge as  well. I don't have an idol, but at least I do have Nick in this game, who I can  now say I really trust. We know we've got each other's back. Damn, I can hear  them laughing all the way over here.  I love you. You are my brothers.  Can we have cake first?  Uh-huh.  We've been together since Jabeni. I want to be next to you two, and it's not  because I think we can beat you, it's because we played different games and I  think we all have a shot. What would get the three of us there and work  backward?  I think Alison first, in my opinion.  I feel similarly, so this can be the Alison smackdown.  If it was up to me, I feel like I would take out Davie. I generally see Davie  winning if he gets to the end.  I don't think Davie would get that many votes. I just want to get rid of Alison.   I know.  Okay. I'm fine to send Alison home.  I've basically had to put my foot down. I wanted Alison gone forever. Davie  has got to stay here. We're a tight two, and I can't with b the only David  when there's five people left. If I don't win this tomorrow and I’m the only David,  there's a good chance i'll be going home.  Well, I gave my word, so I’m sticking with it.  It will be Alison unless she plays an idol. Alison could already have it.  I don't think she does. Do you?  Okay, guys, I got to tell you something? It has to stay here. Promise?  Uh-huh.  I found a clue this morning. There was a clue. There's a ladder I dug up. It  said that it was in the rock behind the well. I got to the highest point and  I was stuck. I could have slipped and just fallen off. I literally could have  died this morning looking for an idol. I don't know. I need your brains, and  please, this is just us, no one else.  Of course.  No one else.  Nothing.  Given the big ladder and losing the clue, I recognize I need a little bit of  help from my friends. All right. I need the start moving. Sorry to take us  from the food.  What?  Come.  I'm coming. I'm coming. Hold on.  Let me show you where the ladder is.  It's like a job.  We basically spring into action and decide to divide and conquer. The clue is  probably in the sand, but we're going to start --  i'll find it.  Where's the clue?  I think it's at the treetop. Really use the manpower to find my idol.  Find the clue.  You wouldn't need a ladder to get up there.  Oh, my God. These storms are literally -- ouch, ouch, ouch. Let's finish this  up. Let's get this job done.  They're idiots.  You found it?  It's there. It's behind this rock. I bet you it's behind this rock.  Can do it? Will you hold it for me. Stabilize.  Is that it?  Yes! Oh, my God. Oh, my God.  Good eye.  Oh, my God. This is a team effort. I couldn't have done it without both of  you. It's uncommon for women to find hidden immunity idol. So I made it one  of my personal goals. I'm basically speechless when I find it.  Congratulations. The fact that I found an idol with my two close estimates  out here bonded them to me even more. And guys, like we can't tell anyone. We  need to get rid of the ladder, and they're stoked. They're so relieved that Alison  doesn't have it. This idol is everything.  Hey, guys. Welcome back.  How was it?  I certainly recognize that if I don't flip the script today, it very well  could be me going home. Angelina and I certainly have a history together, and  I know that she wants me out. Surviving today is my greatest test to date.  What are you thinking?  I'm thinking Davie, because as long as he's in this game, none of us can win.   I'll be honest with you, I could sway this either way.  I know you could.  I'll be honest with you.  I've been driving the last threeish votes.  I understand.  I don't mean to say that in a mobster way. The power is in my hands. I worked  very hard to be in this position right now, and it's finally time to get rid  of Alison.  Well it's like I may be going home today. I know that.  Yeah. You know, there's no niceties at this point. I feel a little bit like a  mob boss. She's wronged me before. I'm eager to get some revenge on Alison.  She's wanted Alison out forever. She wanted to do it last time. She's been  obsessed with Alison. Nick wants Alison out, too. And I think it's a mistake.  I think we should vote out Davie, take him out next. On the reward, Angelina  and Nick was pretty firm, today is the day, we're getting rid of Alison. I  gave them both my word we would get rid of Alison, but I can't let it go. I  don't want the keep Davie,shs he's a beast. Let's get out Davie. What's funny  is Davie is finishing strong and Alison was last in the challenge.  Exactly.  So pick up Davie.  I agree. Mike has been in charge of all these blindsides and now he thinks Davie  would be a good next target. Bingo, that's what I want. Davie has had an  impressive game so far. I can't have him stay.  You think Alison?  I hope they're in the lying to you because we're so close.  It's all about Angelina.  Angelina has a big ego. She's Goliath. The more I make it feel like this is  her decision, the more likely I’m going to get her to do what I need her to  do.  I bit my tongue earlier, but I feel like Alison is less of an issue than Davie.  Like his story, his action, his relationship with Nick is way more  threatening to us and, you know, that's scary.  I just need Alison out of my way.  I don't trust him.  I don't trust either of them.  Would you at least consider voting Davie out with me and Kara?  Oh, my God.  This whole tribal comes down to whether I have done a persuasive job of  convincing Angelina.  I'm just so conflicted, Mike. I'm so conflicted. I know Davie's a threat,  too.  If he really can't do it, then obviously I don't want it to be a --  it's a much better move to keep Alison in the game than Davie. I'm in a  treacherous situation where Angelina and Nick both want Alison out, and I gave  them my word I would vote Alison out. But Nick and Davie have been bros from  the beginning. I want to break those two up. I would rather have Davie gone  and Nick all to myself. I have to thread the needle. It's not going to be an  easy cake walk until the end.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Elizabeth, John, dan, Alec,  Carl, Gabby, and Christian voted out at the last tribal council. So let's  start with today's immunity challenge. One of the closest finishes in a long  time. For a while everybody had a shot. Ultimately Nick pulls it out. Nick,  what's the feeling on day 36 to pull out that win?  Yeah, I was jumping up and down when I finally solved all 63 pieces of that  thing. It's the best feeling i've had out here for sure.  Jeff: Angelina, at the other end of the spectrum, when you got back the camp,  did people feel they were in trouble?  A lot of names were thrown out. Names were thrown out at our table. Names  were thrown out back at camp.  Jeff: Alison you were shaking your head.  I feel like two names maybe were thrown out, mine and Davies.  Jeff: Davie, you're nodding. That rings true to you?  Yeah, that's fair, Jeff. Last tribal, myself and Alison were the only one  other than Christian who got votes, so you kind of knew that it was going to  be me or her that was going to be on the chopping block tonight.  Jeff: So Alison, what do you do? Because even here at tribal, you and Angelina  have gone at it a few times. Fair?  Fair.  Jeff: Now there are only six people. If you're one of the people in trouble,  do you go to Angelina and say, listen, I know we haven't always gotten along,  but not me, not tonight.  I mean, it's interesting, Angelina and I first were allies, and even as  adversaries, there still was a connection and a bond, so at some point, can  we fall back at that?  Well, the last two tribals my vote could have been for Alison, instead of  going for Gabby, I could have gone for Alison. Instead of going for Christian,  I could have gone for Alison, but we're at this point now where our fates are  tied up. We've had a broken road. You never know in this game where you'll  end up with people.  Jeff: Alison, you never know, but you did just hear Angelina say, could have  voted for you two tribals ago. Could have voted for you the last tribal. Next  sentence could be, maybe i'll just do it tonight.  And she knows I could work with some people to get her out tonight. She knows  this. This is not an unknown.  This is not new information to me.  Jeff: Davie, where do you fall in this? If you are one of the targets, are  you maybe the second choice?  Yeah, I do feel like there is a pecking order, but it doesn't make me  comfortable.  Jeff: Nick, when you get down to this number and you have the necklace, what  kind of opportunity does that present for you?  Having the necklace absolutely makes me more relaxed. It opens me up to play  the game more aggressively, but long story short, it's a great opportunity  for people to be on the same page as me tonight.  Jeff: Wow, Mike, that was a threat. You should be with me tonight, because I can  make something happen.  Well, I think Nick is a great partner whether he's got the immunity necklace  or not. I mean, 95% of the time he's been honest with me, and I feel like 95%  of the time i've been honest with him.  Jeff: That's pretty good on "Survivor."  that's how I feel. It's pretty good. So I want to be on the same page as Nick.   Jeff: Davie, concern you at all that a blindside right now could really leave  a stick, so I want to be kind to people even if I’m about to write their name  down.  I think the smaller the tribe gets, the stronger the bonds get, and the more  you think you can trust someone, and if you are blindsided, that can leave  nasty taste in someone's mouth, and that could be your million dollar  mistake.  Jeff: Wow. Mike, Davie just really summed it up, it's not that the numbers  get smaller, it's that the bonds get tighter, so a blindside hurts a little  more. Does that run through your head, how you vote somebody out?  Well russia you saying people are lying? Yeah, I do understand the feeling of  betrayal and I’m sure I will feel that at some point, but you just have to  take a little bit more of an analytical perspective on it, and think about  what is going to help you move further. It's just the nature of this game.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Kara, you're up.  Pure game play tonight.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want the play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Davie.  Alison. Alison. That's two votes Alison. Davie. We're tied. Two votes Davie,  two votes Alison. Davie. That's three votes Davie, two votes Alison, one vote  left. 15th person voted out and the eighth member of our jury, Davie.  You could have spelled my name right.  I didn't do it, bro. I'm sorry. I didn't know.  Of course you didn't.  Jeff: Davie, the tribe has spoken.  No hard feelings, guys, but I will say this, the person who orchestrated  this, you now have my vote for $1 million. It's up for someone else to make a  bigger move. Love you guys.  Love you, Davie.  Damn. [howling] [laughter]  Jeff: Well, you've made it to the final, but to echo Davie's words, to get to  the end and win this game, still a lot of great game play to be had. Grab  your torches. Head back to camp. Good night.  I had a hell of a time out here playing this game of "Survivor." I don't  know who it was that orchestrated the move to get me out, but I’m satisfied  with my "Survivor" game. I want to see a good season. I want to see  somebody playing this game hard, hard, hard, because that's what I respect.  [cheering and applause]  Jeff: Davie one of the most well-liked players this season. Let's get him out  here. [cheering and applause] looking dapper. Wow. Look at that reception.  Come on.  Thank you.  Jeff: Standing ovation.  Thank you.  Jeff: Let's talk to Davie. Have a seat. So first of all, there are tears in  your eyes right now. What does that feel like?  Yeah, Jeff, just the response throughout this whole season has been  overwhelming. [cheering and applause] I love you guys. And I want to speak  particularly to the black audience, I wanted to get out here and make them proud,  because they don't really watch "Survivor" as much as they should.  I wanted to change that.  Jeff: So let's just look at your story. Because I said at the top of the  show, there are lots of kids that are watching right now, a lot of them in  the audience that are dreaming. You were that kid when you were light eight,  right?  Uh-huh, uh-huh, when I was eight.  Jeff: What was the dream when you were it willle? What did you imagine?  So I found out about "Survivor" in church. I remember turning to my  mom and saying, "i'm going to be on that show some day." and in  high school, in middle school I was a bit of a nerd, a bit of a blerd. I  always told myself to be myself. I created that time. -- tape. Now I’m here.  So my story has come full circle.  Jeff: There is another part of this story. We originally said to Davie, and  i'll take responsibility, we said, it's not going to work out this season,  maybe another season some we said no.  Absolutely.  Jeff: We get to fiji. We're about 40 hours away from starting and something  happened. We called Davie up and we say, we have 40 hours, we need you. And  so you are literally packing as we're talking to you, right, on the phone?  Yep, yep.  Jeff: So what was that moment like when they didn't want me and now they love  me.  I didn't even tell my mother that you told me now. She's like, "they're  going to call you. I bet they're going to call you." I’m like, mother,  they're not going to call me. And then they did. I'm jumping around scream,  my dog is jumping with me. I I am here.  Jeff: Davie, it's been such a pleasure. Really. And Davie, threw the gauntlet  down. We're down to five. Somebody better step up. It's the finale of "David  vs goodnight." good job dude.  They blindside me and stab me in the back, it makes me sick. I know you did.  Me, Mike, and Angelina sat there at the spaghetti dinner and that lied that  we're a final three, nobody is going to touch us, blah, blah, blah. I'm  pissed. I'm not playing with people that do that to me. What's going on? I  thought I had a chance to go to the end.  You do. Mike really, really wanted Davie.  This is ridiculous. You didn't give me one vote.  I know.  I don't trust him. Really thought we had a final three.  I still believe we do. I honestly believe we do.  I don't believe it. He'll flip and vote me out. You know they're going to  come for me now.  Why do you feel that way?  Because I’m next.  You're not.  Angelina basically said that Mike dug his heels in and had to have Davie go.  And I know that's true because Mike does that every single vote. He's been  setting me up this whole 38 days.  No. If you get paranoid --  i know, I know, I know.  Exhibit a. If I don't win immunity, he might vote me out next. When my back  is against the wall, that's when I fight as hard as i. Can he's out here to  win and he's out here the lie. He's lied to me too many times. I'm winning  immunity. That's what I’m going to do. And then i'll choose who goes home.  It's one of those two girls next.  It has to be Alison. She will win. She will win.  Oh, my God.  Come on. Put on your big boy pants. Nick is in the happy that Davie is gone.  It's like, no hard feelings, but I had to get rid of your plan "b."   he's like a little boy.  He's a child.  Yeah.  He's a child who didn't know that he signed up for the game of "Survivor."   nothing will change as far as how this game is going to end. I know you're in  a worse position, but you're not next on the chopping block. The plan is to  get Alison out.  You promised.  I swear to --  Nick is not happy. His buddy it makes me worried Nick might try to blow up my  spot. So I feel like I should get him out of here now before he can come  after me.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. The final five. Shall we get to today's immunity  challenge?  Yeah.  Nick, got to take back the necklace.  Do my best to get it back.  All right.  Jeff: Once again immunity is become up for grabs. For today's challenge,  you're going to be perched on a pole in the ocean. On my go you'll use a  bucket to retrieve water. You'll pour that water down a chute, raising a key.  Once you have the key, you'll dive into the water, swim back to shore, unlock  a bundle of puzzle pieces and use those pieces to solve a block puzzle. First  to finish wins immunity, guaranteed a spot in the final four. This is  significant, because at four the game changes. You are either in the final  three or at the very least have a shot to make fire to get in the final  three. This is a big challenge. Losers tribal council where somebody will be  voted out and just like that game over. Take a spot. We'll get started. Good  luck.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: All right. Here we go. For immunity -- hold on, Alison.  I can't balance.  Jeff: You got to start on your feet. For immunity, Survivors ready? Go!  Alison already nervous quickly goes to her knees. You're going to get that  bucket, drop it, pull it up, and get water. The trick is that water is going  to start leaking out. The faster you get it up and start pouring, the better.  Angelina up first with her bucket. Not much in there and not much goes in the  chute. You want to pour that water in the chute. The more water in the chute,  the faster your key will rise. Nick's key is starting to rise. Alison now  getting into it. Nick doing a nice job of getting that bucket up very  quickly. Alison now still in it, even though she's petrified. Angelina's key  starting to rise. Kara's key starting to rise. Alison's on the move. Can she  reach it? No. Mike right now in dead last. That key has not proved at all.  Alison with another fast retrieval of water. Can she get it in that chute? Yes,  Alison's key is very close. Alison is the first to get her key, and she was  the most nervous to start this challenge. Alison's swimming back now. Now  everybody else feeling the pressure. Nick with another nice pour. Will this  be enough? Nick just out of reach. It is Alison back now unlocking her puzzle  pieces. With the early lead in this challenge. Nick going to give it another  go. Will it be enough? Yes. Nick reaches his key. He's in the water. Alison  unlocks her pieces. She can start on the puzzle. Nick racing back. Kara has  her key. Nick back. He can unlock his pieces. Mike has his key. Nick unlocks  his puzzle pieces. It is now Angelina who still cannot reach her key. She has  to retrieve another bucket of water. Alison and Nick working to get their pieces  free. Mike and Kara now back. They can unlock their pieces. Angelina, will  this do it right here? Angelina has her key. She's in the water. It is Alison  and Nick with their pieces free. You're building a face, two eye, a nose, and  a nice tongue. Angelina swimming back very slowly, fighting that tide. That  water is tough. Nick with another piece. Alison looks for another spot. Mike  with a piece. Kara placing pieces. Angelina back. She's going to get in this  now. Nick very methodical, not paNicking at all, each piece examining. Mike  still with only one piece. Alison taking some pieces off now. Working a  little backward, trying the find the right one. Nick with another piece. Nick  with another piece. Nick with another piece. He's got a rhythm going now. Alison  fighting to stay in this. Nick with another piece. Turning into a blowout  right now. Nick thinks he has it. And he does! Nick wins his second  individual immunity, guaranteed a spot in the final four. And a guaranteed  shot at the final three.  That was hard, Nick.  That was.  Jeff: Nick, come on over.  Oh, yeah.  Jeff: Second individual immunity win in a row. Safe tonight at tribal.  Guaranteed a spot in the final four, and at the very least a shot to make  fire to get into three. This was a huge win. Sadly, for the rest of you,  after 37 days in this game, Angelina, Alison, Mike, Kara, somebody will be  voted out tonight, the dream will end. Should be a very interesting afternoon  in what has been a very fluid game. Grab your stuff, head back to camp, see you  tonight at tribal.  Appreciate it. I won. I got the necklace again. It is fantastic. I was blindd  sided at the last tribal. Now I have all the power again. That's going to  make revenge taste pretty sweet.  Good job, Nick.  Thank you so much.  Two in a row.  Yeah, baby. Love it.  Awesome. Really awesome.  So Nick pulls out another immunity win, beats Alison, and I am elated,  because I am dead set on getting her out next.  Tonight should be easy. I have an idol in my pocket, but the last time you  can play an idol is at five, so tonight my plan is to create an epic tribal  council, make as many fireworks as possible and have me be the star of the  show.  So I have a vision for tonight. Alison has to go, right. So you get those two  to vote for me. I play the idol for myself and we finally get Alison out. My  dream scenario is playing a hidden immunity idol correctly at a pivotal point  in the game. I think it makes me look more lick a bad ass to the jury. Let's  be honest, I have no outplay category. This gives me one thing. I'm probably  not going to get immunity.  It's just for the jury.  It's just for the jury.  That feels like a little extra lie. I feel a little weird about it.  It's a little catty, but it is a little personal with Alison.  Angelina's "Survivor" strategy, I don't know, it's from outer  space. We don't need the neat ricks -- theatrics. It's day 37. I don't need  to have some showcase for Angelina.  Like part of me wants to do a fake idol and make her feel like --  i think it would make a more exciting tribal council, that's for sure.  I'm going to fake idol her.  This should not be a complicated vote, but Angelina wants me to do the job of  lying to Kara and Alison. I don't mind lying a little bit to Alison because  she's going home, but I have a good relationship with Kara, I don't want to  jeopardize that because Angelina has an idea for a big fireworks display at  tribal council tonight.  Angelina has an idol. She has this plan she wants to use the idol in some  dramatic way. So she wants me to convince you and Alison to vote her out, so  she can play the idol.  Oh, my gosh. That is hilarious. It's great that Mike is telling me about Angelina's,  you know, immunity idol. I think the more people that know about it, the  worse it is for her.  That is evil.  She's evil. I mean, Alison should gosh, but that's crazy. She's so excited.  This is why she wanted to play the game, to be a diabolical villain. I don't  know. Villains versus villains. Angelina. A mad castaway.  Mike wants Alison to go, and yes, Alison would be an easy vote, but Mike has  a really strong social game. He's clearly the biggest threat to win against  any of us in the final three. Maybe voting him out would be a million dollars  in my pocket.  Oh, my God.  I have the tell you something. Mike told me that Angelina has the idol. Don't  freak out. Don't freak out. We're going to get creative. We're going to flip  script somehow. What do you think about getting Mike out?  That would be amazing.  Somehow we need to get Nick involved.  It is music to my ears that Kara's ready to vote out Mike. Mike is someone  that I genuinely deeply care about, but Mike is the only option at this  point. I have to put Mike's name out there. You are obviously building a case  for yourself. I'm in the position where if there is any move that isn't me, I’m  all ears.  Well, they straight up betrayed me last night. So I’m definitely open to  options. I have to worry about getting myself to the final three more than  anything.  When I look at Mike, he has great relationships with everyone.  There's nobody out here that doesn't like Mike.  Right.  Jeff: Mike is playing a good strategic game. And it gets my gears turning.  I'm thinking, well, if I’m sitting next to Mike, where are the votes going?  Mike is a threat to win this game. And he could even beat me, and I think  i've played a very good game. It's really got me racking my brain here on  what I should do. Have you talked to Kara?  I talked to cara. She said she would be down.  Jeff: Really?  She is prepared. I really think like Angelina's not the threat here. Mike is.   I agree.  Jeff: Angelina and Mike are voting Alison. And Alison is going to vote Mike  because she'll do whatever she's got to do to stay some the vote tonight  comes down to what me and Kara decide is best for our game.  What do you think?  We have to vote together. I want to do what's best for me and you.  I don't want him in the final three. He has played a good game.  He has, but is it better than Alison? Would he get more votes for her?  That's the question. I got blindsided last night. It was Mike. So now I got Mike's  life right here, and if I want to pull the trigger, I can just let him go.  Shut up. Mike, you found it. Alison is going home tonight, and I’m feeling a  little naughty. So maybe borderline evil. Maybe borderline mean girl.  I didn't think I would ever find one.  What does it say?  This fake idol is almost the perfect cherry on top of an already perfect  night for me. So get ready for an epic tribal council.  Jeff: Well, it's a big move. The question is, is it a good move? I want to  ask an expert, somebody who knows this game very well, zeke from millennials  and game changers. Zeke, you're very savvy. Angelina is plotting a delicate  move. What do you make of it?  You got to wonder if it's not too big. You want fireworks, you want the jury  to see you're playing hard, but if you play too hard, you'll get voted out  before you get to the end.  Jeff: This is why you're so good. Yes. I got to say hello to your boyfriend,  nikko santos. Your career is on fire. Excuse me for stepping in front of you,  not only your tv show, "crazy rich asian," your career and life has  to be a fun time.  It's amazing. But the cherry on top of the sundae is this guy right here.  Jeff: Who, I might add, they met when zeke was kind enough to represent us at  the gladd awards.  We met at the after-party of the gladd awards. He won and we were like, let's  go celebrate.  Jeff: "Survivor" making love happen. I like it. We're live in los  angeles. The finale of David versus Goliath.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury.  Jeff: All right. So let's start with the last tribal council. Nick, it  appeared you too were blindsided by the Davie vote.  Yes, I was blindsided. I didn't know everybody was voting Davie. I thawing  everybody was voting Alison.  Jeff: When you got back the camp, was there a discussion?  Yeah, I wanted to figure out what was going on. I had a bit of a temper and I  was hotheaded. I'm not sure which stung more, losing Davie or being left out  of the loop.  Jeff: Angelina, were you part of that conversation? I said, we've all been  there. This game has a way of pulling out emotions, so I talked with him and  explained my decision and I think we left on a good foot after the  conversation.  Jeff: Alison, the other thing that happened is Davie turned around and said,  whoever made that move, you have my vote, unless somebody else tops it, did  you feel a need to make moves these last few days?  Certainly. I think we're all pedal to the mettle at this point.  Jeff: Jeff, the guy that wants to be blind sided I had no part in. There's  other people I have blindsided who probably didn't appreciate it so much some  a comment like that when someone is walking out the door can make you  reassess what decisions am I going to make in the next two days.  Jeff: Angelina, what's really interesting about tonight is that whichever  four of you survive, you're guaranteed some shot at the final three. So this  is a very big vote.  Yeah, I mean, it was all out battle back at camp today. Mostly between me and  Alison.  Jeff: Still.  Yes, you know, it boils down to me and Alison and who can we get to fight  alongside us, and it's kind of the culmination of both of our social games.  I'm curious to see how it turns out. I'm feeling confident, but you never  know until you know.  Jeff: Nick, Angelina says, who can I rally. You would be a likely person to  rally because you're safe.  Absolutely. And Angelina and Mike have been close, and Kara and Alison have  been close, so just about any way you slice it, I got an important vote no  matter what.  Jeff: So Alison, it can only be one of the four of you. Were you worried? Did  you hear your name?  Of course. I have been target for so long. Now there is nowhere to hide. The  people in front of me are playing really clever game, as well.  Jeff: Who are you talking about?  I think Mike is a threat to some degree.  How's that? That's incorrect. Anyway, whatever. I mean, to me it's like I think  there's something great about leaving it all out on the island, and then  there's also leaving with a shred of dignity. That's my opinion on this.  Jeff: Alison, that's right back toward you.  Yeah, so he's sitting there saying for me trying to play an all-out game is  me losing pride, and his relationship is arguably one of the ones i've valued  nose out hire.  Yeah, whatever.  Jeff: So this is another relationship, Alison, that has friction.  Yeah.  Jeff: And your hope then tonight is that you can rally Nick and Kara?  Of course.  Jeff: Kara, there is often a point in this game where what was a liability  becomes an opportunity. Maybe I keep somebody who has been arguing. Maybe  that's better for me.  Yeah, we talked so much about the end of the game and we're here, we're on  day 37. We can look to day 39. You want the look who you might be sitting at the  final three with and feel like you have a fighting chance to get those votes  over the other two you're sitting with.  Jeff: Nick, you're nodding.  Exactly. The decision tonight is not who do I get rid of, it's who do I keep  in the game. Like who do I think I can beat? Who will take me to the end. Who  can I beat in fire? So it's about the other three people that's going to be  with me here tomorrow.  Jeff: Okay. It is time to vote. Alison, you're up. Alison, you're up.  Alison, in real life you may get straight as, but in "Survivor" you  get a b plus.  Only because I can't sit with you in the final three, because I don't want to  give Angelina the satisfaction of playing an idol correctly.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, tonight is the last time you can do so.  I'll play this thing. I have a note and I have a shell with some rope around  it. I feel almost 100% certain it's false, but i'll have you check it out,  because what's the harm?  Jeff: Alison, yes, this idol is a fake. Any votes cast for you will still  count. I'll read the votes.  Oh, I’m sorry. We're not done yet. So I may have made the worst fake idol in  idol history, but luckily I was able to find this little guy.  That's gnarly.  I'm confident I have the votes tonight to go toward Alison, but i'd love a  guaranteed spot in the final four, Jeff. You made me work for that one, too.  Jeff: This is a real hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast for Angelina will  not count. I'll read the votes. First vote, Mike. Alison. We're tied, one  vote Mike, one vote Alison. Alison. Two votes Alison, one vote Mike. 16th  person voted out and the ninth member of our jury, Alison, that's three,  that's enough. You need me to bring me your torch.  Thanks for letting me be part of your disfun shunnal family.  Love you, Alison.  Great game.  Thank you. Really a blast. Oh, Jeff, I was hoping we could avoid this.  Jeff: Alison, the tribe has spoken.  Good luck. I'll see you guys soon.  Jeff: Well, you've made it to the final four. Tomorrow you'll compete in your  final immunity challenge. Grab your stuff, head back to camp.  Thanks, Jeff.  Jeff: Good night.  I can't say I’m totally surprised by that. It actually sucks a lot to be on  the jury. I was on the edge of leaving for five tribal councils. You can only  chase away the grim reaper for so long. The grim reaper, I always mean Jeff  with his torch snuffer.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Here we are for the final immunity challenge. First  things first, Nick, got take back the necklace.  All right. See what I can do. Boy, Angelina already studying it. You don't  even need an explanation. You've seen this challenge.  Yes.  Jeff: Shall I tell you anyway just for a reminder is this.  Definitely.  Jeff: All right. For the last time immunity is back up for grabs. For today's  challenge, you're going to have one hand tied behind your back. On my go,  you'll drop a ball down a chute. It will spiral to the bottom where you must  catch it, drop it back in. At regular intervals we'll add another ball,  making it more difficult. If it at any point a ball drops, you're out. Last  person left standing wins immunity, is guaranteed a spot at the final three  where you will get a chance to plead your case to the jury about why you  deserve the title of sole Survivor and the $1 million prize. You also have  power, because you will decide who you bring with you to the final three and  which two players you leave behind to battle in a do-or-die fire-making  challenge for that third and final spot. There is a lot riding on this  challenge. Good luck. All right. Here we go. Everybody grab your first ball.  And drop it in. This challenge is on. It is the final challenge of the  season, and we have three Goliaths and one David battling for a guaranteed  spot at the final three. The key to this challenge is that gate in the  middle. It's going to send one ball to the right and then the next ball to  the left. It's easy with just one ball. But as you get additional balls  going. You have to remember, right, let, right, left. In a moment you're  going to add a second ball, so start thinking about it. This challenge is  going to be all about pacing, where you place that second ball. All right.  You have 15 seconds, any time in that window you can add your second ball.  Everybody's dropped. Everybody now with two balls in motion. Beautiful  backdrop for themost important challenge in this game. You have lasted 38  days. You want to guarantee yourself a spot at the final three. You win right  now. You win right now. All right. It is time to add a third ball. You don't  have to panic. You have 15 seconds to drop it. Kara drops hers. Angelina  drops hers. Nick drops his and Mike drops his. Everybody now with three  balls. And with that you can feel the tension kick in. Everybody now a lot  more alert. You don't want to drop here. You can go further. Stay in this.  Keep fighting. Angelina is the first to drop. Angelina is out. No shot at  immunity. We are down to three. It is Kara, Mike, and Nick. Oh, shoot.  Jeff:Mike white drops his bal Mike is out. We're down to two. It is Kara and Nick  now battling it out in this final immunity challenge for a guaranteed spot at  the final three. Keep fighting, keep doing what you're doing. You got nothing  else going on in your life right now but this challenge in fiji for $1  million. In a moment you're going to add a fourth ball. You will have another  15 secondwindow. It's up to you where you drop it in that window. All right.  You have 15 seconds to drop your fourth ball. Kara can't do it. Kara drops.  Kara is out. Nick wins individual immunity, guaranteed a spot in the final  three. Just like that it is over.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: What happened, Kara?  You said 15 seconds and I was trying to time it out and I forgot I was  managing three balls. It's like this game, you look aside for a second and  then your chance at immunity is gone. It sucks that this is the challenge  that I felt like I could do and then I failed. I just failed myself.  Jeff: Nick, the other end of the spectrum, what does it feel like right now,  all of the time you've spent wanting to get on the show, you're out here now,  and you've done it?  It feels amazing, honestly, like i've wanted to be out here for years, and I did  not want this challenge, I want something lick a puzzle or something I’m good  at, but I think i've often been underestimated in my life, and today I think  I underestimated myself. And I was able to overcome, that and I really can't  believe I won. I can't even explain how happy I am right now.  Jeff: Come on over. For the third time, individual immunity is your, and this  one is special. You have made it to the final three. You will get chance to  plead your case to the jury about why you deserve to win this game, an you're  going to decide which one of these three, Angelina, Kara, and Mike, you  choose to bring with you as your competition and which two you force to  compete in a fire-making challenge to earn their spot. I'm sure you're going  to be a very popular guy back at camp this afternoon.  Yeah, I reckon.  Jeff: Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. See you guys tonight at tribal  council.  Thanks, Jeff. Appreciate it.  Wow.  Good job, Nick.  High-five.  Don't leave me hanging.  Nick wins his third immunity necklace in a row, which is amazing for me,  because he's my ally, so his winning is my winning, too.  Want to get pitched.  Jeff:  yeah.  Popular man. Of course, everyone wants to give Nick their final pitch in  terms of why he should take them to the final three.  It's your game to lose.  I think so.  It is the perfect twist that the final David holds the fate of three Goliaths  in his hands.  I honestly don't know what the perception is of me, but those chicks will be  going for the money and trying to, you know, whatever, spin whatever they're  spinning. I'm going to come in on a different angle. My game is kind of plain  jane. I think the jury is like, Kara got dragged in the end.  I'm getting all these pitches, and they say there is no way they can win the  game. Of course they're going to tell me, that because they want me to take  them.  It's easy, take me and have Angelina fire.  People like me, but I don't have a game to back it up.  You can't trust anyone, especially on day 38. This is the time to use my  decision for me and my game. But at the same time, I want whoever goes home  today to vote for me and give me the $1 million.  Are you here to make an announcement?  Yeah.  If you guys want to know?  I think the most likely way I can lose tomorrow is if I’m sitting with you  and with you. So if I go ahead and take Angelina, then one of you won't be  there.  I'm a closer. I'm persuasive. And I have successfully persuaded Nick to take  me to the end with him.  Congrats to you two.  Congrats.  Mike and Kara might want to say that Nick is going to take the weakest  player, but I do believe I can win this game. So it's the first time it's  sinking in. After everything i've been through, super proud of myself.  Want me to go first, Mike?  Sure.  Mike and I are going the fight it out in fire. It's tough, but at least this  is my shot to get into the final three proving my way there. I am so freaking  close. The pressure is on. But I’m ready for it and I’m not going to go out  tonight without fighting.  Wow. Awesome.  The players in this game have underestimated me and my game this entire time.  I'm a Goliath. I don't give up. No matter what situation I’m faced with, I’m going  to get past it.  That's quick, girl.  At this point I’m going to work my ass off to make fire. I came here to win.  Would it make it to the flag in.  'D say.  For me the fire-making thing has always been my nightmare. Something about  making this fire in front of everyone and the jury is more anxiety inducing  than anything that's happened up to this point.  You don't need to pack much. You're not going home. I feel nervous about  this. And I don't know, it's getting into my head. Now I’m in this anxiety  mode that I’m afraid of being afraid about it. I don't think anyone thinks I’m  going to win. This I have never felt more like a David. I feel like I need to  summon my inner Goliath, crush this David underdog feel and just go in there  and try to own it.  Whoa!  It's in my hands. I know what to do. I know how to make a fire. I'm just  going to go in there and give it my best shot. I've made it to day 38. I  don't want to go out now. I still want that one more day and one more shot to  win this thing.ã· hk] members of our jury. So, Nick, let's start with you.  Your third individual immunity win. You have accomplished the goal. You have  gotten to the final three.  I mean, I always thought tears of joy was like an expression that people say,  but for the first time in my life, I actually cried tears of joy.  Jeff: Nick, part of winning that final challenge is you have power. You  decide tonight who sits next to you in one of the spots and which other two  people have to fight for fire.  That's right. And with great power comes great responsibility, so, you know,  the tears of joy very quickly turned into, oh, man, I’m in a spot here.  Jeff: Kara, it's really interesting when you get to this phase of the game,  all of those things that were assets you now turn into, you know, I really  wouldn't get any votes, I didn't play much of a game?  Right, you're proud of the game you played, but I’m pitching to Nick like, I didn't  really do much of anything, take me, you can win over me.  Jeff: Angelina, it's almost like nobody wants to give away anything more than  they have to, because maybe Nick hasn't made up his mind yet.  We think that Nick has made up his mind. He was cool enough at camp to let us  know who he intends to save, but, of course, it's not final until he tells  you what he intends to do tonight.  Jeff: All right, Nick. Who are you going to take with you to the final three?   Well, I think I have the least probability of winning the game if I’m sitting  next to both Mike and Kara, so for that reason, it would make the most sense  for me to take Angelina to the final three.  Jeff: So Angelina, congratulation, you've made it to the final three.  Thank you, thank you.  Jeff: How does that feel in.  It feels surreal, I’m super grateful to Nick. It's indescribable.  Jeff: So that leaves us with Mike and Kara. Before we get to it, how  confident are you, Kara?  I honestly think that it's going to be a great competition tonight. It's  going to be a good show.  Jeff: Mike, that got a weird reaction, your face did like 50 different  twitches.  I'm hoping if I lose I lose quickly. But I hope I do well.  Jeff: All right. So it is time to get to it. Take your spots. Kara, you'll be  on orange. Mike, you'll be on purple. Don't reach in yet. Okay. You each have  the same amount of supplies. The goal is really simple. Build a fire that is  high enough and hot enough to burn through the rope and raise the flag. The  first to do it becomes the third and final member of the final three. The one  who doesn't becomes the tenth and final member of the jury. This is a  do-or-die challenge. Are you both ready many.  Yes.  Yes.  Jeff: Good luck and begin. This is it right here. 38 days in the making comes  down to this, Nick and Angelina already in the final three. We're looking for  one more. Both Mike and Kara quickly start scraping magnesium. That's what  you're going to try to ignite to catch that puff. Both at the same time start  going to get a spark. Kara has the first flame. It goes out. Those flames can  go out quickly. You got to get them to catch. Mike working to get something  going. He's having trouble getting a spark now. There it is. Mike's got a  little flame. Can he thursday chur it without blowing it out. Mike trying to  keep it going that. Flame now starting to get a little momentum, but it is  still early. Kara still has a shot. Mike has a long way from that rope. Now  he's going to try to build a structure that will take that flame all the way  to the top of that rope. You don't want to get a fire and lose it. Mike has  not made a lot of problem, he's trying to keep that base going so it doesn't  go out, but if he doesn't get it going soon, it might. That's the opening for  Kara. Kara again trying to get a spark. She's got more magnesium. She's got to  ignite it. Kara's got a flame now. And it goes out. Piece by piece Mike  continues to grow his fire right next to him Kara continues to try to get  fire. Do not give up. This could very well be a million dollar fire you are  making. Mike has a nice fire going, but that fire does have to grow high  enough to reach that rope. Kara still fighting. She's got a little flame.  Goes out again. Mike's flame growing more now. It's starting to burn through  the rope. Mike can see it. He's eyeing it. Kara continues to try. It won't  matter. Mike does it. Mike makes fire. Wow. Mike will join Nick and Angelina  in the final three. Kara, after 38 days becomes the final member of our jury.  What a tiebreaker. You know what Mike is feeling, Kara, what are you feeling?   Oh, it's just a feeling of defeat. You know, I’m spying through the  adversity, but it sucks to know that it ends here.  Jeff: All right, Kara. You need to bring me your torch.  It was great playing with you guys. Good luck.  You're a class act.  Jeff: Kara, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  Bye, guys. See you soon.  Jeff: Nick, Angelina, Mike, congratulations. You have made it to the final  three. You have done what everybody who starts this adventure hopes to do but  so few actually accomplish. You have gone as far as you can go. Tomorrow  night the power shifts to the jury. Ten people that you ultimately voted out  have all the power. They will decide who they think is most deserving of the  title of sole Survivor and the $1 million prize that goes along with it. You  have one more night here in fiji. I encourage you to try to get as much sleep  as you can so you n be as sharp as possible. Grab your torches, head back to  camp. We'll see you tomorrow night for your final tribal council.  I'm proud for the final three, disappointed that it's not going to be me in  there, but I’m taking my spot as the tenth juror very seriously. I'm proud of  the game I played. I came out here the play as hard as I possibly could, and  I know I did exactly that.  I can't beaver it's us.  Day 39. We're still here.  Oh, my God.  I love you guys.  Who would have thought?  I didn't.  You and I have been together the entire time.  That's true.  I like you guys so much. I can barely believe I’m in the final three. I hear  it coming out of my mouth but it doesn't feel real. It's a dream come true.  It's still sinking in. Day 39.  Jeff: oh, wow.  Even though I have all the love in the world for Nick and Mike, today they  are my biggest competitors. They've play tough game, but me being a Goliath,  I have this drive inside of me. And I fought tooth and nail to make it to the  end as a strong player. This game tested me more than anyone else in the  final three. And taught me, I don't have to be perfect. I don't have to be  polished all the time. I don't have to be made up all the time. I can just be  me and that I’m so capable of anything.  Breakfast.  Day 39 "Survivor" breakfast. Waffle, egg, champagne.  Day 39 is so surreal. All we have left is one tribal council. It made me so  proud of the game i've playeden I fought hard to get here. I'm not going to  not be proud of myself. To do it as an underdog is a badge of honor, as well.  I'm proud to be the last David in the game.  So awesome. I love you guys so much.  Bubbly.  Day 39. Final three.  I have always been a David. I was probably one of the only kids in law school  that grew up in a trailer, but it made me who I am. It made me learn how to  make myself be somebody. That's the thing about "Survivor." I had  to build relationships at the right time. Hide the go find advantage, win  immunity. I have had to do everything out mere other than a back phillip.  Tonight one of the biggest nights of my life, because I have chance to win $1  million tonight. When does that ever happen to some country boy from  southeastern kentucky, you know?  David versus Goliath is an epic story, and as a storyteller who loves this  game, I wanted to be here for every bit of it, and I was, and I’m still in  it. For me, life is about pushing myself, so I wanted to come out here and  see how I fared, and not only did I stomach it, but I liked it. I fifth fifth  felt alive. At this age, that's what you want, you want the feel like you're  leaving it all out on the island. I feel like I did. I feel like I left it  out on the island and I’m going the take that lesson and live the rest of my  life that way. Other people played better physical games. I didn't compete in  that way, but I do think my social game was kind of inspired. You know, I wasn't  the one at the wheels, because the person at the wheel always got their head  chopped off the next day, but I was behind the driver saying, you might want  to turn left, you might want to turn right, and the car went to way I wanted  it to go. I can take credit for that. Tonight I have to make sure everyone on  the jury sees that, because the story is not over. And I have got to win. I  came here to play a game. I am competitive. I'm not here to make it to the  end. I'm here to win the game.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Elizabeth, John, dan, Alec,  Carl, Gabby, Christian, Davie, Alison, and Kara, who lost in the fire-making  challenge. All right. Welcome to your final tribal council. So we started  this season with two groups, Davids and Goliaths. Fittingly we have members  of each group still in the game. At various times throughout the season, you  have all described this game play as fluid, that alliances and the style of  play would shift from day to day. And we saw that fluidity when it came to  individual immunity challenges. There were ten individual immunity challenges  this season. Eight of them were won by different people. That's 80% of the  challenges won by a different person. We started the season with the premise  that even when you have Davids and Goliaths it's not about who has the  advantage, the question is always, what is the advantage. And here we are  with a final three, every one of you police department a different type of  game, and at various points in the game, you figured out what the advantage  was in a given situation and you capitalized on that. And tonight, in that  context, the jury will now decide which one of the three of you they think  played the best overall game and is most deserving of the title of sole Survivor  and the million dollar prize. I'll give you guys a moment and we'll get  started.  Jeff: All right. It's time to get to final tribal council. We will start with  the outwit portion of the game. This is the social part of the game,  alliances you had, how you dealt with blindside, the emotional intelligence.  Who wants to get us started?  That would be me, Jeff. First of all, I wanted to say congratulations. You  three were able to do what we were not. Each of you have a lot to be proud  of. I want you to know that almost all of us are undecided. So I really want  y'all to cut the crap, all right, and you don't have to be polished, just be  real and athen tick, because if you're going a political answer, I ain't  going to be satisfied.  So dovetailing off this beautiful statement, I would love it if you would all  take an opportunity to highlight a move that you made in the game that  demonstrated how you outwitted in Survivor, and you guys can go in whatever  order you want.  The outwithto me had two main factors, information and timing. The  information in my mind is the social dynamic, the relationships you can  build. So I would have one-on-one alliances with a lot of people, and to make  it fun, we would even name them. Christian, we were the mason-dixon. That was  a way for me to build a personal connection with people, and people would tell  me what was going on, that's how I know what every vote is going to be.  That's when the timing comes in. So a move to highlight that is when John  went home. That was a big money move. I mean, Davie played his idol, an idol  was played on Angelina, and we split a minority vote, first time in "Survivor"  history, two big factors. Information, timing.  You're absolutely right. Sucks for me, but good move. Well played.  Thank you.  But one of the most important things in a wrestling match is the finish. People  remember the big finish. I felt like the peak of your social game was right  at that vote out. Can you giver me any examples of how you outwitted people  deeper into the game?  Well, you're right, the vote against you was probably my biggest move, but  after that move, I think the Goliaths felt like they couldn't trust me, and  then Carl and Davie, y'all got blind sierded and I didn't know about it. I  was upset when you two went home. I was --  were you were upset because you were blindsided or were you upset when they  went home?  Both. I was open for business. I'm ready for everybody. So I reconnect with  my Jabeni folks and we start making moves together.  It was super impressive, but I want to segue to make and hear about some of  your game, your outwit stuff. Can I respond? Or do you want to go and i'll go  after?  No, go ahead.  I think that I was in a similar position as Nick. I was in a doghouse,  because of the fallout with you, Elizabeth, and I fifth amendment like my Goliath  alliance didn't trust me, the Davids didn't really trust me, I was called an  insurance policy back at camp. My reputation was in the dumps. It may still  well be. I hope not. But to your comment, John, around wrestling and  finishing strong, I was able to kind of pick myself up off the floor and I started  making inroads with Carl. I started reconnecting with Christian and so I think  that my social game was one that was extremely adaptable. I was able to keep  you with race for the last 11 days.  Well, I do have to point out that the whole point of a selfless act is to be  selfless.  Fair enough.  And not bring it up.  You feel like you got rice for the tribe.  I shouldn't have said that. There were moments where I wasn't being  authentic, where I was putting on a charade, but again, I promise we'll move  on. I want to say I’m able to get myself from the weakest position in the  game to one of the strongest.  And you're sitting there in the final three. I still made it here. But I want  Mike to go.  My perspective was I wanted people who were making final-two deals with me. I  felt like I had a final two deal with Kara, I had a final-two deal with Alison.  I had a final-two deal with these two and a final-two deal with Christian. I  would approach Davie and Carl, but I just felt on the periphery of whatever  you were planning. And Gabby similarly, I felt like whenever I approached  you, like you were never really going to work with me. So I didn't see  necessarily you as a threat, I just felt like I would rather have threats  that wanted to work with me than people who didn't.  You're right, that I didn't trust you, because what you said, you had final  two deals with everybody and I thought it was extremely transparent, but good  on you for getting rid of somebody who didn't trust you.  Wanted to get to the end. I felt like that was my best shot at fulfilling my  job here.  One of the things I have hard time with is you're so humorous, so witty and  sarcastic, but at times your sarcasm crossed to biting. Do you have any  regrets?  I do regret what I said to you at your dignity or whatever, it was a low  blow, and honestly, when you were gunning for me, I was hurt. That's all I can  say. The truth is, there is a part of me that feels like i've been creating a  character out here. In my real life, I’m somebody who has like dozens if not  hundreds of people who work for me. I'm very intense. I am really  competitive. And I came in wanting to play super hard, but getting to the Goliath  camp was a very humbling experience, because I felt like the inproverted  writer kid that I have not felt since I was like in middle school where like  everyone is around the same age, they're all "bay watch"  attractive, big ego personalities, so I started playing a game which was like  I’m just happy to be here. I'm just here for the experience. Like I can't  find myself. When I got down to nine people, I knew I had my moments and I could  start influencing the game.  Great answer.  And Alison, if you don't mind, I think we knew he was good and he was playing  the game good, and I know he can sit here and win your vote tonight because  he was playing the game hard. The reason I knew he was doing it because I was  doing a bit of the same thing. I'm awe shucks kentucky boy and everybody  thought I couldn't come out here and play a good game. The difference between  me and milk is I had to turn my game on. I couldn't just ride to the end with  whatever goodnights wanted me as their little side show or whatever. I had to  take my fate and put it in my own hands.  Okay. Are we good with social?  No?  Jeff: Wow. Okay. Let's keep going.  I have a comment to Angelina that I had been wanting to say. I feel like now  the right time to say it. I want to give you props for being the last woman  left, and I want to bring attention to the fact that women are treated differently  in this game.  Thank you.  If you're assertive, you're seen as boston year, if you're emotional, you're  seen as hysterical. So I know you're up against not only the difficulty of  the game, but issues that face us outside of the game.  I appreciate that, Gabby. I think to Gabby's point, as a woman and as a woman  of color, I sometimes overcompensate, i've been told I sound interviewee or  incendiary -- incendiary sear. One on one I can be more me, but in a space  like this it's harder to do that.  I want the wrap up outwit. I want to touch on each of your social games.  Nick, coming from David, being in the minority, and culTivating has to  relationships and these final two and final three deals, I think it was  impressive. Angelina, it was interesting to see your evolution in the game. I  think it was one of the best moves to mess up on the Elizabeth and come back  from it as an underdog story, and Mike, you played the social game that I came  here to play. It was very impressive to watch. I know you are an actor, but I  know you're playing yourself as much as you can in the game of "Survivor,"  so I want the congratulate you on that.  Thank you, cara.  Thanks, Kara.  Jeff: Time now to move on to the outplay portion of the game. This is the  conditions put on you. You have to live in the jungle. You have to deal with  idols or advantages and twists or switches. How did you play that part of the  game?  Mike, the outplay portion part of it is about campfire. The only time we saw  you at camp other than talking was eating rice or drinking coffee. I'm pretty  sure here the first time they seen you make fire was last night. Bravo, it  was impressive, but where were you whenever we were making fire, building  shelter.  Are you saying I was lazy? Are you calling me the l word? When I watched you  make that shelter. There's no way I could have cut those bamboos and did what  you did. That's not my strength, dude. At the same time, I’m proud of how I did  in the challenges. I am the older guy, and I participated in every challenge  like all of them. Like more than anybody. And I was never the monkey on  anyone's back. I was actually like stoked on how I did in all the challenges.  I was happy.  Mike, thank you for giving us your answer, I would like to give Angelina and Nick  a chance to tell us, how are you a David and how are you a Goliath?  You want them to reverse?  Yes.  Jeff: Angelina?  I felt a lot of the David journey. I came out here with zero survival skills.  I didn't know how the make fire. I was super fearful of all of the challenges.  And so I had to muster up a lot of courage and take those chances. Even with  the id.l. Stuff, I dug deep. I was like, I really want to find this idol, and  I ended up finding this ten-foot ladder, put it against a rock wall. I  literally climbed to the top of the waterfall. I was stuck up there. Like I don't  even know how high. So I went so hard in the paint for the idol --  is that what those tears were really for?  Yes. I did rip my pants climbing the rock wall.  Wow. I'm like, oh, my God, Angelina's on a ladder.  I got the ladder and kept climbing.  100 feet on the wall.  I don't know. It was high. Long story short, I was so far out of my comfort  zone. I leaned into it.  Good for you, because physically women find idols way less often than men.  15% of them have been found by women. It was extremely hard idol to find.  I have one follow-up question. Angelina, could you talk about making a fake  idol, because it felt like a ploy to just wears me.  Absolutely not to embarrass you. I promise you that. My intent was --  are you shaking your head?  Yeah, you wanted to embarrass her.  New york I did not.  Go ahead. My intent was I did not want you to go after Mike. The other thing  is like you and I have been battling for a while, and I felt like it would be  like an epic end to the battle, so there was a little bit of neat ricks to  have fun with the game and play aggressively, but the main point was to keep Mike  safe.  Okay. And I do want to get to Nick, too.  How am aGoliath? First, simply put, a goodnight, they just are. Like dan,  you're 6'3". You just are. John, you can probably break that bolder in  half. You just. Can looking at it like, that I do have some Goliath qualities  in how it relates to outplay. I'm good at puzzles. I don't sit around doing  puzzles all day. That led to two immunity wins. I'm the only person that won  more than one immunity challenge. I'm natural people person. That led to  knowing where the idols russia where the advantages are. I found the secret  advantage because Davie and I found the clue together. Me, Carl, and Davie,  we all three knew each other's advantages. That's a testament to my natural  ability to connect with somebody. And want to play with me and too have fun  with me. And then, of course, the intelligence helped in the challenges.  Jeff: All right. Let's move on to the final fast. Outlast. This is where it  shifts back to you. This is your chance to describe to them your journey.  What did you have to go through? What did you have to overcome to outlast  everybody to get here? This is your personal story of what this 39-day  journey was like for you. Angelina? Get us started.  So looking back on day one on the barge, I started to realize why I was a  goodnight. A lot of my life everything that i've set my mind to I have been  able to do. As a military wife, I think we're some of the strongest people  out there. We go through a lot in our personal hiervetion I was like, if I can  go through deployments maybe that will transfer to the game. It was out here  that for the first time I really felt like I hit a rock bottom. I really felt  like beaten down and vulnerable and out of control in some ways, kind of, you  know, damaged goods as people said. But I was able to rise and pick myself up  from that situation and build relationships and find a path forward. And get  back into a position of strength. So I feel like I am the most battle-tested  player sitting in front of you. The story of David and Goliath is about  triumph. I feel like my story out here was about triumph.  Jeff: Nick? Okay. So I went through tongs of ups and downs in this game,  whether it be getting swapped to a tribe with three Goliaths or two David,  working my butt off to finally get the David alliance an advantage, and then  next thing I know I’m the only David left. I'm not just facing Goliaths. I  feel like I’m up against the whole philistine army when it's four Goliaths  and one David. It's what i've always known. Fighting my way out of these  struggles, how i've done my whole life. I mean, my mom passed away from a  drug overdose, so that's why I do what I do for a living. I help people who  struggle with drug addiction instead of them going to prison, I try to get  them to go to rehab. You know, basically just let people understand like, if  there is a breath left in your body, life is worth living. And if you're in  this game, if you have any spot left in you, if you have a left in your body,  this game is worth playing. You're never out of it. I was a David the entire  game, and I had to find whatever slingshot I could, whether it be the social  game, the strategy game, the immunity win, an advantage, an idol, new  relationship, old relationship, whatever it took, I had to find my slingshot  and I had to find as many stones as I could find, because I think I was the  underdog most of this game. No.  Jeff: Mike.  As far as my game, I don't know. I never really felt too nervous. I wanted to  play a good game. It wasn't like I just wanted to get to the end as like a  goat or as like somebody who wasn't playing. I wanted to play. And I feel  like I did play. For me, my personal struggle was like, what am I -- what do  I stand for. What am I playing for? What do I stand for? And trying to figure  out what coming on here means to me to try to feel like there was something  worthy in my battle to win. You know, like they say, every rainbow has a pot  of gold at the end, and it's like, for me, it was never about the pot of  gold. It's about the rainbow. And it so speaks to what I value, which is  taking a risk, embarrassing yourself, having an adventure. I'm not acting  like I’m a saint. I'm not saint, but like it was more about the struggle for  me to feel like this was a worthy endeavor for me to win this game.  I just want to tell all three of y'all congratulations.  Thank you so much. [applause]  Jeff: All right. Every adventure has to come to an end. There's been a lot of  information discussed tonight. I'm going to give you guys a moment the take  it all in. Then we will vote for a winner of "Survivor: David vs. Goliath."   Jeff: All right. The only thing left to do is vote, so let's get a vote.  You're going to vote. What's your name?  My name is simone.  Jeff: How old are you?  I am 13.  Jeff: We've been doing this the last few time, and beth young women were  right, so here's your job, take the par. Ment and the pen. You have to write  down, don't show me, who you either want to win or who you think is going to  win, and then we'll see how you do. All right. Next time I see you guy, we'll  have the votes. We'll crown a winner of "Survivor: David vs. Goliath."  keep it a secret.  Jeff: All right. Jury, for the last time, it is time to vote and bring this  season to an end. I'll remind you, you're voting for a winner. Let's do it.  Elizabeth, you're up.  You voted me out, bro. You're not getting my vote just for that. All the  decisions you made, congratulations. You outwit outplayed and outlasted. You  outwit outplayed and outlasted. You outwit outplayed and outlasted. You  outwit outplayed and outlasted.  I think you played a transformative game, and I have enormous respect for  your strategic play. That is a critical deciding factor. I hope that this  changes how the game is played.  Jeff: I'll go get the votes. Jury, Nick, Angelina, Mike, thank you for  another great season of "Survivor." I will see you back in los  angeles for the reading of the votes.  This is surreal. [cheering and applause] all right. [cheering and applause]  all right. All right. Have a seat. All right. So fun theme, David versus Goliath,  fun season, but I got to say, it was such a joy to watch you guys play and to  see you open yourselves up and let us learn about your stories. One of the  best times i've had in a long time on "Survivor," so thank you for  that. But it comes down to this: It's a game for $1 million. Our final three,  Nick, Angelina, and Mike, you did what 17 other people couldn't do. You got  here and now they have made their decision. The jury has decideed who they  think is most worthy of the title of sole Survivor and the $1 million that  goes along with it. Only thing left to do this season is read the votes. I'm  going to read the votes. Here we go. First vote Nick. [cheering and applause]  Mike. We're tied. One vote Nick, one vote Mike. Two votes Mike. One vote Nick.  Mike. Three votes Mike, one vote Nick. Nick. That's three votes Mike, two  votes Nick. Nick. We're tied again. It's the three votes Mike, three votes Nick.  Nick. Four votes Nick, three votes Mike. Nick. Five votes Mike, three votes  -- five votes Nick, three votes Mike. The winner of "Survivor: David vs.  Goliath," Nick. There you go. The winner of our 37th season. Go give the  family a hug. Well earned. 39 days. Let's see how simone did. How did our  young viewer do? Who did you put up, simone? Show us that vote. She got it  right. And here are the votes from the jury. Take a look at what volted for  who so we can see how this came out. It's very hard to play this game and  vote people out and then get them to come back and vote for you. That's why  it is so tough to win and so delicious when you do. All right. It is the  "Survivor" finale. We have the live reunion show coming up right  after this. Celebration right there. Captioning funded by cbs captioned by  media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org