<br/>Jeff: The greatest social experiment on television is back. With a modern  take on one of the most intryinging matchups of all time. This is "Survivor:  David vs. Goliath." the David tribe, ten strangers who share one thing  in common -- overcoming obstacles. They have spent their lives battling  adversity and are always the underdog.  I've been interested in robots since I was a wee baby child. And everyone  here is going to assume I’m a huge nerd, which is not entirely incorrect. I'm  not exactly the kind of guy who cruised by on his good looks throughout life,  but now I’m a robotics research scientist, and you might be surprised about  what I can pull out.  There's eight kids in my family. My mom home schooled all of us. We didn't  have a whole lot, but we earned it with blood, sweat and tears. I could throw  a bale of hay higher than anybody when I was 12.  Jeff: They'll take on the Goliath tribe, ten strangers who also share one  thing in common -- winning. They have spent their lives capitalizing on their  assetss an are always considered the favorites.  I've been amazing in business. Everything I touch turns to gold. I am a  publisher and c.e.o. Of the largest black newspaper on the west coast. I'm a  proven leader. I've had people who would take a bullet for me.  I've had a fairytale life. I studied at stanford youth. I got my mba from  yale. There's so much about who I am that puts me at such an advantageous  position. And I am going to be a force to be reckoned with out here.  Jeff: Which traits will move most useful in this cunning game of social  politics?  I'm a firm believer that you don't judge a book by its cover, because little  tiny snakes,y, look at that little snake. Little do you know, he's probably  got the baddest bite in the jungle.  Jeff: For the next 39 days, they will be abandoned in the islands of fiji.  They must learn to adapt or they'll be voted out. In the end, only one will  remain to claim the $1 million prize. 39 days, 20 people, one Survivor  as i'men -- as I’m on this boat to start "Survivor," I look at  everyone on the boat around me. I wonder, is this my tribe? We just look  stacked, so much strength, so much beauty, some clear brains. And as I look  at the other tribe, I have the biggest smile on my face. The cards are just  stacked come will thely in our favor, and I want to take full advantage of  that.  Jeff: All right. Welcome to the 37th season of "Survivor."  [cheering and applause] "Survivor" is a game of social politics  that often revolves around the story of the underdog versus the favorite. It  comes in a lot of forms. It might be the physically weak versus the  physically strong. Sometimes it's the socially awkward versus the naturally  charming. Whatever form it takes, it's an enduring matchup that has provided  some of our greatest showdowns. But what complicates "Survivor" is  the unknown. You have no idea what to expect. You don't know which skill set  will come in handy. And you know very little about the other players. So the  question every day is the same. It's not who has the advantage. It's what is  the advantage. That's the theme we're going to explore this season. This is  "Survivor: David vs. Goliath."  let's go, baby! Come on! [applause]  matt: David tribe, take your buffs.  Let's go, baby.  Yeah.  Jeff: Pass 'em out and put 'em on.  Let's go. Orange, baby.  Jeff: Guy in the back in the middle, what's your name?  Nick.  Jeff: Nick, tell me about your upbringing. Were you a David from the time you  were little?  Absolutely. I grew up in a trailer. If I wanted to make something out of  myself, I had to go and get it for myself. I mean, I was first person in my  family to go to college, so I learned it by doing it. I grew up poor in  southeastern kentucky. We had food stamps. So I always took to schooling as  my way to get out, and now I’m the public defender in my county. I had two  dreams to be a lawyer and to be on "Survivor." here I am with both  of those.  Jeff: Woman in the front on the corner, what's your name?  Gabby.  Jeff: Does this ring true to you, the story of a David, maybe someone who has  the climb the mountain every time in.  Being a David, we have a lot more to prove. We're not at the top where we can  let people down. We're starting at the bottom and we have to climb our way  up. I think that's a cooler story.  You know, David not only slew golaith in the bible, he ended up becoming a  king, too. The story don't stop with David versus Goliath.  Jeff: I feel a matchup here. All right. Goliath, your buffs.  Good catch.  Buff me.  Jeff: Guy in the back, does this ring true? Have you always fifth felt like,  I am a Goliath?  Well, obviously. I was on my high school wrestling team because I wanted to  get into pro wrestling. Ultimately it's what happened for me. I've been a pro  wrestler for 15 years. People call me "the mayor of slam town." and  "friday night delight." I went to u.c. Davis and graduated with a  degree in geology. The reason I’m here isn't necessarily to figure out if John  is this Goliath. It's really to figure out who John is.  Jeff: Woman in the middle, what's your name?  I'm Alison.  Jeff: Do you belong on the Goliath tribe?  I have no doubt in my mind. I come from family with a huge legion of support.  I may not have faced the same adversity as some of the people on the David  mat, but I still understand being an underdog and working hard to achieve  whatever you put your mind. To.  Jeff: I get the work ethic, but let's put this to the test. Guy in the back  corner, what's your name?  Pat.  Jeff: Pat, let's compare your story versus pat's.  Okay. You grew up with what kind of a family?  I would say middle class to upper middle class. My dad is a physician.  What do you do?  I'm a doctor too.  Jeff: Okay. Pat. Tell me about how you grew up? Were you upper middle class?  No, far from that. I come from a paycheck-to-paycheck family. My mother was  paralyzed when I was nine years old. My father was a fireman and a police  officer. But every paycheck that he had had to go to bills because he was the  sole breadwinner.  Jeff: Was medical school an option?  Medical school? College wasn't even an option. I went right out of high  school to the working field.  Jeff: As a group here, do we all agree on the premise, this isn't about hard  work. You don't become a doctor without working hard. This is about how you  look at life an huh life has started for you. Often the advantage the Goliath  has is visible. You can tell by looking at somebody or by talking to somebody  they're a Goliath. On the David tribe, often the advantage is invisible. But  until you know the situation, you don't know how to define the advantage. The  question this season is which one of you is the best at turning every  situation into one that gives you the advantage. That person will win this  game. So let's start with a little experiment on this idea of capitalizing on  advantage. Let's go with the premise that out of the gate the Goliaths are  the favorites. Goliath tribe, choose who you think is the weakest woman and  the weakest man on the David tribe.  What do you guys think?  Jeff: Big early decision trying to maximize a challenge. Who did you decide  on?  We're going to go with purple hair and big bang theory.  Jeff: Christian, that's you, and Lyrsa. Lyrsa, take a step up next to Christian  right there. Lie -- Lyrsa, how does that feel?  I'm not surprised. I'm always seen as the weakest person because I’m tiny,  because I’m a little bit chunky, because I’m not from here.  Jeff: Where are you from?  Puerto rico.  Jeff: And Christian, are you surprised they chose you as the weakest male?  It seems lick a logical deduction based upon what they see, but perhaps  appearances are deceiving.  Jeff: Now let's try to extend your advantage. Goliath tribe, now choose who  you think is your strongest man and your strongest woman. You are looking for  maximum disparity in these matchups. All right. Who did you decide on? Alison  is the woman. Who is the man?  Mayor of slam town.  Jeff: John, right here in the front. Fair to say at this point the Goliaths  should have the advantage. They have chosen the weakest David and the  strongest from their tribe.  The allegedly weakest David. Allegedly.  Jeff: Okay. Now part two of this experiment. Let's give the Davids a chance  to tilt the favor to their side. We are going to run a challenge. The two  pairs will compete. The David tribe is now going to choose which path the Goliaths  have to take and which path they get to take. So now the David tribe is going  to do the same thing. You want to put Alison and John on what you think will  be the most difficult thing for them to complete and put yourselves on the  easiest. Here's how it works. The first stage is balance. You have your  choice between a beam over water, a plank bridge or a two-person track. The  next stage is agility. You have your choice between the net tube, the rope  tunnel, and the crawl under. The third stage you have your choice between a  15-piece cube puzzle, an eight-piece slide puzzle, or transferring 30  sandbags from one platform to another. When you reach the end, one person  will crawl out to release a massive shelter-making kit. First to release it  gets it for their tribe. All right. Davids. Get together, figure out what  decisions you're going to make. All right, guys. Let's have a decision. So Lyrsa,  what did you choose for the golaith tribe to run?  So they're going to do the planks.  Jeff: Plank bridge?  Yes.  Then they're going to do the net and the 15 blocks.  Kris: Jeff: The cube puzzle  yes.  Jeff: What did you choose for yourself?  We're going to do the beam.  Jeff: Beam over the water.  We're going to go under.  Jeff: The crawl under.  And we're going to do the other puzzle.  Jeff: The eight-piece slide puzzle. It is our first reward challenge. Let's  get to it. Here we go, for reward, Survivors ready? Go! Out of the gate Lyrsa  and Christian on the beam over water. Lyrsa all the way back, so is Christian.   They're going to fall in! They're going to fall in!  Jeff: It's risk kim you lean too far out, you can't get back.  Slow down. Don't fall.  Jeff: Lyrsa way back. There goes Alison and John with the plank bridge  covering a lot of ground fast. The Davids are moving quickly. LyraLyrsa is  through. Christian is through. John and Alison working together nicely with  this plank bridge. It is not easy, but they have a good momentum. Lyrsa and Christian  now in the crawl under and it's taking them more time than they may have  anticipated.  Push with your feet! Push with your feet, Christian!  Jeff: Alison is through. John is through. Go! You got a challenge. There goes  Alison. Lyrsa is through. But the Goliaths are making up a lot of time now.  Christian is now through.  Get the puzzle pieces.  Jeff: It's going to come down to the puzzle. Christian working on the slide  puzzle. They can be tricky. John and Alison on the cube.  Christian! Christian! Christian!  Jeff: Out of nowhere, Davids have the slide puzzle in less than five seconds.  And this challenge is over.  Davids, Davids, Davids!  Jeff: Lyrsa now going to close it out. Davids win early reward.  See that? David stomps Goliath round one.  Jeff: That was a blowout. Christian, the big decision you made was not the  physical part, because that was pretty close, it was the puzzle you chose for  yourself. Because i've been on "Survivor" for a long time. I've  seen people try to do a slide puzzle and never get anywhere.  In undergrad, I wrote slider puzzle algorithms. So I figured we could go that  way.  Jeff: Gabby, this is really why that story of David versus Goliath is one of  the greatest metaphors for improbable victory, because who would ever guess  that somebody would have written algorithms for a slide puzzle and that would  come into play minutes into this season.  Yeah, exactly. I'm really proud of our Davids. They had their secret weapon.  And this was a great first victory.  Jeff: All right, David, off to fast start. Here's map to your new home.  [applause] the raft is waiting for you. The adventure is yours. Good luck.  Head out. Golaith tribe, not the result you wanted, but it is only day one of  a 39-day adventure. Here's a map to your new home. The raft is waiting for  you. Good luck.  You know, it's funny, one could say that I slide golaith with an algo rhythm  slingshot, but I go directly to the things I did wrong, and it's something I need  to fix about myself, but I did make a few mistakes moving around the pieces.  I could have gone a second or two faster. It's a matter, the little pieces  around it, there was like a move, like a left-right move. It has to move  around the board. I did it right. Was that good? I think it was good. Maybe  it was bad.  Row, row!  My first assessment of the tbliet tribe, I was pretty stoked because it  seemed like we had a lot of strong guy, a lot of fit women. It's like,  really, this is my team? I mean, I came to hollywood, and I’m not one of the  beautiful people, like I felt like I really had to alter my life by writing,  write, writing, writing.  Mike.  Dude, what do you do?  I'm a writer.  I feel like I recognize you.  Were you on "the amazing race  he's a writer.  I knew I recognized you.  I'm a director sometimes. Sometimes actor. I'm mostly a writer. I wrote  "school of rock" and "nacho leak ray." I am more  successful than I ever thought I would be, but for me I am a "Survivor"  fanatic. Everybody in my business wants the oscar. It's like, losers. I want  to win "Survivor."  i feel like we should own them in everything physically. I used to be a fat  kid. I didn't show up like this. I worked for this. I worked to make the swat  team. I worked to be a cop. It didn't just happen. I worked my tail off.  Nothing just happens.  When you're a brand-new cop, 22, oh, I get half off at mcdonald's. I get free  icies. This is perfect. You drink soda.  You got fat because you became...  I was big before then, but I put on 20 pounds my first year as a cop.  As you age naturally you start the gain weight.  So I was like, this isn't going to work for me. When I became a cop, I tipped  the scales at 320, 340, somewhere in that ballpark. You couldn't just be on  our swat team and be average, so I made that my goal. I completely chained my  workout program. The weight just shed off. I lost close to 100 pounds in a year.  Then I tried out for our team and made it.  You look great now. Thank you.  You look fine, as a matter of fact.  All leaned up.  Come on, girl. You already said it.  I buffed up for this. I put on 15 pounds. Old dan, fat dan, I never would  have had the confidence to walk around here and say, yes, I’m a golaith, but  now the most beautiful girl is telling me I’m very good looking, you know, so  I just can't help myself.  I called you my kryptonite. I was like, she's going to get me in trouble.  You know new york superman, the blond girl's name is Kara.  I named my dog after her.  What's her nam?  Kara.  No way.  Kara, she is beautiful. First time I saw her, I was like, wow, right up my  ali, like everything I would want in a woman, like perfect, like wow.  What kind of girls do you like?  Blond and beautiful.  So you're saying I’m blond and beautiful in.  Absolutely. Right up my ali.  Okay. I'm blushing. Dan is one of those people I immediately connected to. I  can tell he's a genuine soul. He's one of the nicest people i've met. He's  hilarious. In my life, I was an n.f.l. Cheerleader. I'm a real estate agent  now. So it's part of me to be charming. It's clear that he's drawn to me,  which, of course, makes it impossible for me not to be drawn to him, too. I'm  so happy you're on this tribe.  Does that mean we're going to be the show manslaughter.  We can't put targets on our backs.  We just won't make it obvious. You can kiss me in secret. I'm like, don't do  it, dan. Show manslaughters screw you so hard. But there have been people who  found love on "Survivor," so why not me?  All right, guys. To the right shoulder and off. Yeah, we're here. One, two,  three. Real quick, whoever knows how to do fronds. I am a property manager  for 365 apartments. I swing a hammer every day of my life.  Oh, good.  We'll have shelter in no time.  It's a really exciting moment in Survivor when you first get to camp, but  it's also a signal that game on, you got to work.  Should we split it down the middle?  I think we should gather first.  I think everyone on the David tribe is going to be way more cohesive than the  golaith tribe, because our advantage is we are scrappy and we know that to  succeed we have to work together and use each other to succeed in this game.  I always food it's always a tricky part.  It's a challenge to earn it. It's going to be a challenge to open the son of  a gun.  You're not kidling.  So I’m thinking we'll build our shelter over there because there is natural  canopy. I need. This she's working on that. Being on the David tribe, that  most certainly fits me. I'm self-made. I struggled my whole life. I'm a blue  collar guy. What I’m thinking here, we're going to span this to that. And  being brought up the way I was, it seasoned me to prepare me for everyday  life.  The overhang on this beam is going to support that end. Let me see how  they're going over there. Carl, where's that cordage?  Pat immediately takes lead of the shelter.  I'll make a mark here on this tree.  Now, Pat can be a bit --  extend this corner out the there. Right there. That's where we're going to  put that cleat.  -- directive where he wants people.  Christian; where you at? We're going to need more bamboo. In engineering and  science there are people with strong personalities who conflict, but, man, I don't  think i've ever had my name shouted like that in a professional setting.  Push down on it. There you go, don't snap it. Bamboo is what we need right  now. I got the sense that other people felt a little bit bossed around by  pat.  Sweating like a pregnant nun at confession.  I also want to point out, jokes are inherently risky.  Once you see the crack, you never go back.  A joke can fail.  You dirty bitch. I'd give my left nut to be 36.  I think people were willing to put up with it as long as we're getting a  shelter built.  Is that long enough to reach?  I don't have good depth perception. If he were not succeeding in the shelter,  he would be in real trouble.  I think that's the key, kid.  Let's get the shelter built first. We know it's going to rain.  All right. Let's go find some big tree limbs.  Here's one.  It's freezing cold. We've got to build a shelter out of nothing. We got one  machete and that's it, but looking at the bright side of things and making  light out of a really bad situation is the quality in a golaith.  What are we sitting on, palm fronds.  Do we have any more of these?  I don't know if there's one that's this tall. I think we have the keep that  other one to keep everything dry.  It's an adjustment out here because I’m older. I'm 57. They're 25.  So let's build a base and save bamboo for the beams. We can save the green  one for the beams.  I recommend that we do it smaller because we're out of time. I have young  people who work for me, so similarly with these younger people on the tribe,  I put out what I think because I am accustomed to being in charge.  Two big ones going up. So we need a base here.  I just need you to slow down a little bit because you're not listening to  people. You're just moving really fast, and I appreciate that.  I am an industrial engineer. I'm here to build a shelter and help out,  however, we have Natalie, who is very strong, and she really likes to give  orders.  We need to big a bit of a hole and then we need to get a rock where we can  hammer that into the ground and match the height of that.  She is not afraid to tell you what she is thinking.  Ladies, hello, I think you want to get your fronds and put it back there.  Clearly barking orders at me and err tribe members. She's definitely put a  target on her back.  Let's keep it pushing, come on.  Pat, you need hand?  Yep. Give me that ax.  He's going to die.  I'm from new york.  They don't have trees in new york.  Trees, we got lots of trees. We got the best color foliage in the nation.  Watch your head. Watch your head.  Oh, my God. Are you okay?  Team David! Let's do it.  Take this one. Bend it like that. I was kind of nervous, but by the end of  the day we have a good foundation. We're going to have shelter. It kind of  gives me a sigh of relief.  Where did you learn how to do this?  Youtube.  I'm 19 years old. Nobody knows that. They think that I’m 22. So my biggest  challenge would be my age, just because I don't want people to think that I’m  not strong enough to play this game. I'm down for whatever.  If we make any connections, i'll let you know.  Yeah.  So I’m going to try to make as many alliances as I possibly. Can.  We're good 100%.  As long as you keep it 100 with me, i'll keep it 100 with you.  I'm not going to go behind your back.  I have a wife and two daughters. Jessica reminds me of my daughter. I knew I could  take her under my wing and mold her in the sense of how I would like the play  the game.  We're here. We cannot make it seem like we're here.  Ultimately we have to win challenges so we don't go to tribal, but if that's  not the case --  i've eaten worms for no odd reason, just because they were there to eat.  Some people are already getting under my skin.  But right now, let him put us together a shelter. I came into this game  thinking that I was going to be laid back, but I see everyone else  approaching people, so that kind of lets me know, okay, the David team is  here the play this game.  Dude, oh my gosh, we're on "Survivor." what?  Can you believe it, man?  Hardly.  From all the people over, there I like them, they're cool, but I trust you.  People might not thinking that we'd work together.  I know.  But that's the reason.  We're so different.  Exactly.  They would never suspect us.  The strongest connection I have is Elizabeth. That kind of surprised me,  because we're so different. I mean, she's a cowgirl. I'm a punk rocker  lesbian. We're so different, but at the same time I think we're connecting on  the same level of loyalty and trust and honesty and respect for the game.  Anything you need, I will let you know.  I will do the same for you.  You can count on me. I'm really loyal.  I'm a bit of a weirdo. If I do -- if I get too saucy with the weird stuff,  just tell me.  I love it. I think it's endearing. I will. I'll let you know if you're too  much, but I’m nerdy, too, I get it. Nerds have to look out for each other.  Not to call you a nerd, but I call myself a nerd.  If there ever was a more apt term.  I feel like Christian an I are kindred spirits. I love that guy. I'm a  technical writer, which means that I write documentation for software. So I consider  myself the nerd whisperer. If it bends, it's not dry. You probably know that  because you're the science guy. I love intelligent people. I love nerdy  people. So I definitely was drawn to Christian. Who have you talked to?  I'm still feeling everyone out. I like you because you're smart.  I really like Gabby. I love the level we vibe at. She's nerdy like me. She's  somewhat insecure like me. So we get along well.  Give me a list of who you vibe. With I think we vibe, so we're cool. But let  me know.  Okay. Anything else?  No, you go back first. I'll stay out here.  I have to hide how well we get along, because I don't want it to be a couple  threat. A platonic couple threat, of course.  For your work, are you... Do you travel a lot or is it...  Different cities. Sometimes I’m good guy. Sometimes I’m a bad guy. In mexico  I’m doing like an american gimmick over there, which is super fun.  In mexico?  Yeah.  Do you have a mask?  They have masks, and I tell them they have masks because they're ugly and  americans are smarter and taller and all the women want me. People know me as  Johnny blaze, Johnny nitro, Johnny mundo, Johnny impact, Johnny ultra. The  monday night delight, the ambassador of abdominal, the george bushy of tushy,  mr. Abraham lincoln. I'm doing american stuff down in mexico. They hate that.  But none of those characters that I’m playing in a wrestling ring are going  to win the game of "Survivor." I’m playing as John. I'm playing as  me.  I'm so cold, you guys.  How does Natalie not ever help. She just stands there and stares at everybody  like a stalker. It's really creeping me out. She just stands there and stares  at everybody. She doesn't help out with anything. She doesn't help out with a  single thing. Only barking orders and she just stands there and stares and  complains. I've never seen that before. It puts a target on her back. I don't  care.  I agree.  Getting an immunity idol would be probably one of the top five bucket list  "Survivor" moments. So of course I’m going to go look for it.  I'm going to grab a rock.  Where's Mike?  He's been gone for a long time.  Clearly everyone is so caught up in their social game right now that they're  not aware that I might be slipping off to look for an idol.  Where Mike at?  I'll bring him back.  Seriously...  Are we just going to let him look for an idol?  At least one of us has to go out there.  I'm going to go look for him.  I'm a little down for the count.  Look at it this way, these people that keep disappearing, they're setting  themselves up for failure. Mike had a target because we saw Mike on "the  amazing race" he wrote "school of rock," we know he has money.  Looking for the idol gave people a good reason.  So somebody said, who do you want to take out first?  Who is going to cause more problems at camp?  Natalie. She's...  He's a lot more slick than Natalie. He's scary. He's scary good.  It's so early.  I think that Mike put a little bit of target on his back by going out and  looking for an idol. I also get mixed vibes from Natalie. We don't have to  make decisions yet, but when we do, we have options.  Can we go to the beach now? I want to go to the beach.  You're putting target on your back?  Really?  Really. Why do you keep disappearing? If you do, you should at least talk to  somebody about what you did.  I went to get my shoes.  Everyone's like, where's Mike?  I found out I put a target on my back when I ran into Natalie. She said, you  have a target on your bike. You've been gone too long. Everyone knows you're  looking for an idol. I went for the immunity idol not because I need it, but  because I want it. I just got caught up in the excitement of it and ended up  being hoisted by my own petard.  It literally is not stopping.  No. No, no, no. I'm not doing that.  Squeeze in there.  Hang it.  Got it.  Y'all are awesome.  We had a rough first night with all the rain. It was terrible. We've got the  royal treatment from the island as for as the weather goes. There is no  initiation with this.  Hold them right there, Christian. I think sometimes the struggle is what  makes someone who they are.  What else do I need for the shelter?  We're just adding more and more fronds. Being a David, we care way more about  each other way more than golaiths care about each other.  Drying up night?  Yeah, it feels really good.  When you've been in the struggle, you tend to empathize and care deeply about  those who are around you. It's inbred into a David to care about the other Davids.   I feel like tonight won't be as bad.  Tonight will be a completely different story.  It was rough. It was really rough last night.  It doesn't look like this is stopping.  I promise they're not doing as good as us.  I think there are a lot of cool people on that tribe, so I’m not rooting  against them.  I hope they go through hell.  You hope what?  I hope they go through hell. It's very easy to avoid work if you're good at  it. I don't want the waste my energy building a shelter. Holy crap. I think  it stopped raining. I'm on "Survivor." the only thing on my mind is  scheming and plotting. I have to find my flock of sheep.  This is cool.  It's very easy to get people to trust you on "Survivor." it's  almost too easy.  As soon as I heard you say, that I thought, she's probably from kentucky.  It definitely worked out in our favor.  For real, for real.  If you really want to make things official and make that person feel like you  got a good bond, your alliance has an name.  We need an alliance name.  What are you thinking?  I'll think of something.  Okay. Think of something. I'm not real smart.  If I can in this game, I want the name all the alliance, because I’m out here  to win $1 million, but I’m out here to have fun, too.  I think our shelter is good right now.  I don't think that's in our cads for today.  We did an amazing job.  Pat can be a little bit over the top, but Pat was a gift as far as putting  that shelter up. But since we've been here, Nick hasn't really done much of  anything. I can't stand man that don't work. Being a truck driver, there's  time I couldn't stop to get food. I mean, I had to get that load to where it  needed to be, so I can't stand lazy-ass people. I can't dig that. He's  number-one on my list.  Me too.  We good with that.  So here's my thing. Not enough women find angles.  I came into this thinking the same thing.  I'med a man we need the change that. We tend to the fire and we cook the  food, and we're putting ourselves at a disadvantage. Whereas the men go out  and explore and find the firewood and whatever.  Idols are important in this game because they're a huge advantage. And women  tend to not find hidden immunity idols as much.  We need to do this.  Can you stand and watch while I look at that branch over there?  100%.  It's is hard. There are so many damn trees.  Use a stick.  I was reading online that 15% of all hidden immunity idols have been found by  women, and we know that "Survivor" plays men and women equally, so  we should be finding idols equally. So I want to help boost that stat up.  So we probably have four minutes to do this.  I know that every single one of these tribe mates have looked for the  immunity idol. I just got caught early. So I’m going for it. Of course I’m going  to go for it. I'm on "Survivor: David vs. "sur I’m going to be  looking for an immunity idol.  I figure everybody's looking for an idol, I shouldn't work.  What should we do?  I should look for an idol. I'm working on the shelter. Everybody is looking  for an idol. I'm only looking for an idol because everybody is looking. On tv  it's easy. In real life, it's a need until a haystack. You got to look for  it. They don't come up easy.  I feel like on the Goliath tribe everyone is hunting for idols because it's  in the Goliath d.n.a. Everyone wants the power. At this point it feels like  it's a race to the idol. Everybody is all worked up about this idol. I think  it's funny because it's in my pants. So this bad boy right here makes me feel  bullet-proof. I have never felt bullet-proof before. It's a nice feeling. The  short of the story is me, Kara and Natalia are all looking for idols. We're  looking in everything. I look to my left and I see this rock. This rock just  looks cool. Maybe there is an idol buried underneath it. I look up and right  there in front of me is purple string wrapped around a rock. Hey, guys, guys.  Come here.  You find it?  I immediately grab it, whip it out, open it, super stoked. I'm like, oh, my God,  I can't believe i, me, found an idol. "congratulations. You have found a  hidden immunity idol." finding this idol is a Goliath moment for me. I  set myself a goal and I found it. I am becoming the person I want to be in my  life. I found an idol with the most beautiful girls in this whole entire game  right now. It cannot get any better.  We found it.  Yes!  I cannot get over this.  Freakin' awesome.  Yes, yes.  I got an octopus, a freakin' octopus.  No? That's crazy. Davy crockett, king of the wild frontier.  We're taking this summer back the camp.  I'm still cold.  You get anything, Davie?  I caught a freakin' octopus.  Oh, my.  An octopus, dude. Look at it. Calamari for dinner and rice.  He caught an octopus.  I've always been someone who doesn't conform to society. I'm actually a  blurd, which is a black nerd. I've us a been a fan of the zombie genre,  cartoons, nerd-type things.  Davie, since you caught it, you want first?  No, it's all you, bro.  Look at this. I love "Survivor," so to be sitting here on an island  in fiji, way to go. I'm still slapping myself in my mind, because is this  real?  It would be great if the rain just stopped. It just sucks with no fire and no  sun.  I'm just getting through it, you know.  That's all right.  It's hard.  Yeah.  I feel pitiful that I’m crying on day two. It's because in those moments  whenever you feel like you have nowhere to turn, I always wanted to be that  person for other people, that they felt like they could go to, and it just so  happened that the person I did that with was my mom. My mom had a guide in  her life, and that whole relationship was just really not good for her,  verbal, mental, very toxic. It was very tough to see that. And it was like I had  to be the mom in some ways, and herivaux through it because I never wanted  her to feel alone or by herself.  I was in a relationship for five years where he beat me like every day.  Wow.  I was in the hospital like every month. It was bad. Your mom is lucky,  because when I was in that situation, I didn't have anyone. So I stuck with  him.  I've been through so much, like coming to america at a young age from vietnam  as vietnamese refugees, I experienced poverty. I had an abusive boyfriend  when I was young. My whole life is like 28 years of fighting, and as an  m.m.a. Fighter, I speak to a lot of domestic abuse women, and I do like free  self-defense seminars. So what I was trying to make sure she took away from  the conversation is she saved her mom's life.  I don't know what your mom went through, but she was lucky to have you in her  life.  Everybody else is talking about their parents domestic abuse, and everybody  is crying. It's not really how I usually talk to people. I'm just a guy that  like won't open up. Well, I have this story, I really didn't feel comfortable  sharing it. It's personal, and it's for me and my brothers and sisters and my  family, but when everybody in my tribe is talking about their most traumatic event,  I feel like I can let my guard down.  I wanted to tell you all something. I don't know, it's just hard for me to  open up, and so like, you know, when we were saying our stories, you know,  there is something about me that I just didn't talk about yet, and basically  where I come from, like we all have somebody close who is like, you know, had  drug problems, and I was just is scared to talk about it, because I don't  want my mother to look bad, you know, but to lose my mom to something like  that, it's so sad to me. I mean, she... I miss her so much. I mean, she... I  miss her so much.  I feel like i've been keeping things from you all.  You could have held that in until the very end.  I'm sorry.  Don't be sorry.  Don't be.  Don't be sorry.  Since I have shared my story, it really feels like there is a weight off me.  I really need the talk about my personal struggles, as well. I do. Because I never  hardly cry anymore, and I think it's because my mom isn't here. Because she's  always the person I would call, and being able to open up to my tribe mates,  she would have been proud of me for that.  I think the storm has brought good things for us. Even though we're super  wet, it made us bond.  That's true. That's true. I think when I opened my hearted to them, it really  made a difference. I think it kind of forms a bond, and it will help me grow  closer to all these people, and all of them I need at this point.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Welcome to "Survivor." all right. Let's get  to your first immunity challenge.  Let's go, baby.  Jeff: This is what you covet in the game, the immunity idol. It's pretty  simple. If you have this, you're safe. If you don't, you're heading to tribal  where somebody will be voted out. Let's get to it. For today's challenge,  you're going to sprint through an obstacle to a sand pit where one person  from each tribe will race to dig under a log. The first through has the  machete. They'll use it to chop a rope, releasing your ladder. The second  tribe is penalized and must untie knots to release their ladder. You'll then  confront the "Survivor" pole vault, which you must use to cross  from one very high platform to another, making your way to the finish where  you will solve a giant number puzzle. First to finish wins immunity safe from  the vote. In addition, you're playing for reward. It is the most important  thing in the game, fire in the form of flint.  Please!  Jeff: Losers, tribal council where somebody will be the first person voted  out of "David vs. Goliath." big challenge ahead. This is what you  dreamed about. It's here. Let's do it. [applause] all right. Here we go. For  immunity and fire in the form of flint, Survivors ready? Go! Carl leaps. And  everybody mixed up now early.  Come on, guys.  Jeff: Wow. That is a battle. Pat going after it. Now can't go anywhere until  everybody is at your mat. Pat will not let John go. Wow. John, let's move.  Let's go, let's go.  Matt: You're good, golaith. It is alex versus Carl. It's a showdown right now  between David and golaith. Two different approaches. Carl is using his feet.  Alec is digging. Alec going to give it a go. Can he get through? Alec is  through. He'll get the machete. Carl is stuck. Go, Goliath. David till  working. Carl trying to get under that pole. Go, Goliath. Natalia is first.  She's across. That's how you do it. Teamwork. Carl is through. And exhausted.  Carl has now got to untie the knots. The David tribe quickly falling behind  early in this challenge. The Goliath tribe working together. Alec helping  everybody.  Pull it, pull it, to the right.  Jeff: There you go, go, David.  We are still in this!  Jeff: The Goliaths are all across. Go, Goliaths.  Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.  Jeff: There goes pat. He's first across. Take it easy. Take it easy. Bi is  across now. Goliath has massive head start. The Goliaths are already moving  puzzle pieces.  11. Push this one right here.  Move, move, move it.  Jeff: Here comes Davie, the last David. You're good. Go.  Go, go, go! Carl takes a big fall. He has been through the ringer in this  challenge. Christian is the caller for the Davids. It is a rematch from the  earlier showdown, Christian versus Alison. You are solving this puzzle. One  through 25.  Row two, row two.  Jeff: Numbers go horizonly left to right, one through 25. This is going to  come down to tribe communication.  Push row two.  Jeff: Here comes the rain again.  17 comes out anyway.  Jeff: Both tribes approaching this the same way.  The one is going to go there.  They're going vertically even though the puzzle is horizon, so it's not going  the look right until you have every row finished. The Goliaths have their  first vertical row. The Davids have their last vertical row. The Davids have  caught up in this challenge now. We are neck and neck.  Excellent. Cycle it one more time until I get the 24.  Jeff: Great communication by the David tribe. Nobody arguing.  Pull it, pull it. One is done.  Matt: Everybody yelling on the Goliath tribe. The Goliath tribe finishes a  second row. Goliath having success despite yelling at each other.  Put that in row four. We are done there.  Jeff: Davids now have their second row complete and we are back tied again,  just wendell the Goliaths pull ahead, the Davids are right on their heels, as  expected.  It's four, it's four!  Jeff: Will it be the Goliaths, or will it be the Davids? The ghiets have  their fourth row.  One and one?  One and one.  Jeff: The Davids now have their fourth row. This is it! [all yelling] the Goliaths  think they have it. The Goliaths pull out the first immunity challenge,  sending the David tribe to tribal council.  Guys, we did our best. Nothing to be ashamed about. It's okay. We got this,  bro.  Jeff: Goliaths, congratulations. First immunity challenge, first one. Also  fire in the form of flint. No tribal council tonight. Grab your stuff. Head  back to camp. Congratulations. So, pat, as you watch the Goliaths walk past  with that idol, what is the feeling knowing tribal council tonight, one of  the ten of you, your dream will be over three days in.  It's a sickening feeling first and foremost. The rain is complete morale  bummer, but it's brought us together inside our structure. And it's brought  our hearts together as a big heart now. We're going to lose an artery to our  heart, but we're going to stay strong.  Jeff: All right. Somebody going home. Tribal council tonight. One of the Davids  will be the first person voted out of this game. Grab your stuff. Head back  to camp. See you tonight at tribal.  It's tough to lose. Now we have to vote someone out. And I don't trust Nick.  I have not seen him perform in the group and in the camp, and it's not only  me. That's the consensus of the tribe.  I can't see.  It's okay. It's okay.  Slow, deep breaths. You'll be okay.  You have a flat surface?  Not yet, not yet.  Over this side.  Can you take've the head and neck.  Do you mind bringing the line in.  Whereabouts is your pain at the minute?  Where?  My back.  We're going to give a shot for your pain. We got you. It's okay.  Focus on that.  I can't focus.  It's okay. You're doing a good job. You're doing a good job.  Wendell we leave the challenge, we are on a boat. The seas are really rough,  and the boat slams down on one of the waves, and we hear a crack, and at  first I thought Pat had just hurt his back, maybe tweaked it a bit, but we  don't foe what's happening, and we're watching, we're hoping for the best  Pat you'll feel a little cold sensation going up your arm. Okay, buddy.  I'm scared.  Don't worry. You just focus on me. Take nice, deep breaths.  And then Jeff arrived, and we all groaned, because it means something really  bad has happened.  They were on a boat transporting back to their camp, and what happened?  It sounds like there's been an impact on the boat which has hit Pat pretty  hard on his back, causing him a lot of pain. Are you still with us, pat? Pat,  can you open your eyes the pain is the main problem.  Jeff: Joe, this is really unusual, even though a bet ride back to camp is  very normal, we've never had anybody being injured being transported. What's  the concern?  Because of the impact to his back and the amount of pain he's new york we are  worried that he could have done some kind of fracture to his back.  Jeff: Pat, can you hear me, it's Jeff? This is severe. Is this a question  right now of whether he continues?  Yeah, I think it might be.  You okay. You can't take me. I can't leave. I can't leave.  Be strong.  We're here for you, pat.  I can't.  Joe, is there any way for him to continue, or do you need to get him to the  hospital?  He's a tough guy, someone as tough as Pat in this much pain does make me concerned  that we do need to rule out any serious damage, which we can't do on the  beach.  Jeff: So you're pulling him from the game?  I don't think we have any choice. We to get him to the hospital to make sure  there's no serious damage.  I just can't.  Jeff: Brother, I’m afraid there is no other choice. We have to look out for  you, pat. That's the number-one job of our medical team is to take care of  you. Let's bring in the helicopter, guys. Let's bring it in.  They're taking him out.  Oh, my gosh.  Seriously, nothing can go our way, like nothing.  I feel so bad for him.  Jeff: You just said at the end of the challenge that the David tribe was  going the lose an artery but the heart was going to go on, you clearly didn't  know you were going to be the artery.  I don't want to quit.  Jeff: You are not quitting. Dr. Joe is pulling you from the game for your own  safety. There is nobody that's going to question your heart. Come on in,  guys.  You're a beast.  It was really hard to say good-bye to him. He was fighting to stay in. And  there was tears rolling down his face.  We love you, pat.  We love you, pat.  Jeff: All right, guys. We got to get him out of here.  Be strong.  One, two, three... Lift!  I hope he knows how much we love him, and I hope that he's still grateful for  this experience, because we're grateful for him.  Okay. We need to go up, further up.  We love you, pat!  We love you, pat!  Stay strong.  As Pat left, I felt a sense of guilt in a way, because I think I really  misjudged him. I thought he was going to be this bossy jerk guy from new  york. I couldn't have been more wrong. He organized how to build the shelter.  He was the leader from day one. He was the center of camp. And it's just a  huge loss.  Jeff: Man. Expected the unexpected every day out here. I can see the emotion.  How are you guys feeling?  To lose him so early, it's really hard. You got to sit back and think, is  anything going to go our way, because we just lost one of our strongest  players.  Jeff: Of all the tribes for this to happen to, it's the David tribe. You are  constantly thrown an obstacle every day.  None of us would have expected this, and it fits what we've all been talking  about so perfectly in the worst way. But I feel like Pat would want to see us  succeed and stick together as much as we can.  Jeff: Well, if there is a silver lining, you lost a challenge, you lost a  tribe member, you won't lose another one. There will be no tribal council  tonight.  Thank you, Jeff.  Jeff: One last bit of good news, even though you're not going to tribal,  there will be a flint waiting for you back at camp. Hopefully the rain will  breck and you guy can get to work on starting fire. All right. Three days in,  down one tribe member, but we are early in this game.  The fight ain't over. We're going to keep bringing it.  Jeff: All right. Grab your stuff. Get to camp. The game continues on.  Today was probably one of the most draining days of my life. This has been  crazy. And it's testing you right out the gate, one disaster after the next.  This is typical of what a David has to go through to accomplish anything in  life. But this ain't my first time i've been knocked down, you know, and so I  think that is something that the Davids have going for us. We will keep  fighting.  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Matt: Next time on "Survivor," there's new war.  I'm going to drop a little Natalie napalm before it's over.  She's crazy.  Some people say it's aggressive. Oh, well.  Jeff: A new target.  They're throwing your name out.  Excuse me?  And a new man in charge. After hyper person like me is the person to handle  it all.  To be out of the game not by vote but by pure accident is gut wrenching, but  ultimately I will pick myself up and get back on my horse. As a David, it's  what i've done for 41 years. It's the story of my life.