<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor": There were four Davids and four Goliaths  left in the game. Facing tribal council, Nick and Gabby realized crist cran  was too big of a threat.  I don't trust Christian fully anymore. You probably never will.  Jeff: But Davie warned Christian.  I'm floored. According to Davie, Gabby is gunning for me.  Jeff: At troouk, Christian played his idol.  I'm playing this for myself tonight.  Jeff: Okay. Which sent his closest ally to the jury. The tribe has spoken.  Leaving the Davids in total disarray, and the game up for grabs. Seven are  left. Who will be voted out tonight? Captioning funded by cbs captioning  funded by cbs  going into tribal council, I had been informed by Davie that I should play my  idol tonight. I played my idol. I survived. But I still got five voits vots.  It indicates that I’m a target to some people, including Nick. I suspected Nick's  motives for quite a bit now, because he's not really being honest with me.  Seriously. I'm sorry.  I'm kind of bummed because the best-case scenario was if Christian goes home  with an idol in his pocket, but he played it. The good thing is usually that  means another idol is put back into the game, and I want to be the person to  find it. So to do that, i've made, like, a fake immunity idol, and hopefully  somebody can find that idol, and then the search is off, and i'll be the only  one left looking. And that's the parchment of my real idol, and I made it out  of stuff i've been collecting through the weeks. And I take it upon myself to  hide it under the raft. So later on, I’m at the raft with ang lean aMike, and  Christian, all four of us there, and I’m thinking, you know what? I'll find  it right here in front of everybody. I started kicking around a stick, like,  in the dirt. And then I pulled it out and I’m like--  shut up "p" wait, stop!  Did you find it?  Shhh!  He did.  He found the idol.  Did you find the idol?  Oh, my gosh! That's yours. That's yours. Oh, my God, I can't believe they  fell for that. Everybody erupts with excitement, and I’m just letting  everybody congratulate me. And the whole time this idol is fake. It's not  real. And it just works beautiful. Like, it's too easy.  Congratulations.  It's basically like calling off the dogs. The search is over. Nobody is going  to be looking for the idol, except me, and that means I can find it, and then  I have two idols.  Me, ang lena, Christian, and Nick were sitting on the raft, and Nick just  reaches under the raft and finds the idol just now.  Stop it.  Nick found a hidden immunity idol under the raft, but I’m like, I don't know,  man. I was born at night, but I wasn't born last night. And I’m thinking to  myself, hmmm, he's already got one idol. What if he just simply pulled out  the idol that he has and opened it up in front of them so nobody would be  looking for idols. He's smart enough to do something like that, Davie. Maybe  you should just keep looking for idols. I'm, like, Davie, you never know what  God has out here for you. Just snoop around a little bit more.  So I’m looking for the idol, going over by the watering hole. I'm looking for  any type of ribbons. I'm looking for any type of rolled-up scrolls. No luck.  And I’m kind of just depressed and maybe there really isn't anything out  here. And if Nick's got two idols, he could go all the way and beat us all,  you know. He's a threat. So I need help to take out my best frenemy in this  game, my boy Nick. Well, Christian, can I tell you something? Nick has two  idols.  How the-- he found the second idol expwroo we would have to take care of him  this next tribe.  Dave says, guess what? We might have to take care of Nick at this next tribal  council.  I see him getting ready to pick me and you off when that opportunity strikes.   Okay. And I’m thinking, that's fantastic because Nick is not in my corner.  And moving forward, I have to make sure that some other threat goes other  than me.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! All right, shall we get to today's reward challenge?  Yes.  Yeah.  Jeff: For today's challenge, you're going to be attached to a rope. On my  "go," you'll race to gather that rope. When you think you have  enough, you'll race over and under a series of obstacles. You'll then use  sandbags and attempt to knock over a stack of blocks. First person to finish  wins reward. Want to know what you're playing for.  Yes.  Yeah.  Jeff: You'll be taken by helicopter to the mala mala beach clubs, truly one  of the most spectacular places in fiji where you will have access to their  entire menu-- surf and turf, sliders, fried chicken.  Oh, my God!  Jeff: Sandwiches.  Wow.  Jeff: The works.  Wow.  Jeff: You return back to camp refreshed, rejuvenated and refueled in time for  the next immunity challenge. This is a big reward. Take your spots. We'll get  started.  Oh, God, just thinking about it.  Jeff: All right, here we go, for reward. Survivors ready?  Yup.  Jeff: Go! First job is to gather enough rope.  Ow!  Jeff: The question is how much is enough? Are you trying to guesstimate how  much you need to get through the obstacles to the sandbags and where the  sandbags are going to land once you throw them. Somebody getting ready to  make a move. It's going to be Davie heading out first. He thinks he has  enough. Nobody else leading yet. Davie over and under the obstacles. Davie  first to get to his sandbags. He tosses and knocks a few blocks off. Here  comes Alison. Here comes Angelina now getting in on it. Here comes Nick. Will  they have enough rope? Dave weanother nice toss. Four blocks hit. You have to  knock the blocks completely off. Does Davie have enough rope now to get to  his sandbags? He doesn't. He can only get two, and that is going to cost him.  Davie now working with just two sandbags, which opens the door for everybody  else. Alison firing.  Too bad I can't throw!  Jeff: Here comes Nick and Angelina. Nick with a huge hit! And another big  hit. It is Davie and Nick right now. Davie's stretching out as far as he can  to get two bags. Kara now in on it. Kara with a nice hit. Nick misses.  Angelina does not have enough rope. She's got to go back. A huge step back  for Angelina. She's got to go way back to the start. Kara with a big hit.  She's in it now.  No!  Jeff: If you don't have enough rope, you've got to go back.  Damn it!  Jeff: Davie down to two blocks left. Nick with a hit. Davie could win it  right here. He has one block left. Nick with two blocks. Davie with one. Who  will get back quick enough for a shot? Nick knocks one off. Nick down to his  last block, and Davie down to his last block. It is it for the win. And  another miss! Nick, going for the win?  <br/>Oh!  Jeff: Nick hits it. It doesn't go off. It is back and forth. Davie does it  for the win!  Nice!  Jeff: Davie wins reward!  Oh, baby!  That was a nail-biter.  Jeff: That was a shoot-out.  Good job, Davie.  Jeff: Davie, come on over.  Congrats, Davie.  Congratulations.  Thank you, guys.  Hard fought, man.  Jeff: Big win on day 33. You already know you're going to enjoy food,  beverages. The question is who is going to join you? Choose one person to  come along. Look at those faces. You feel that pressure?  Absolutely, Jeff.  Jeff: So what is the feeling right now?  The feeling is I have to base my decision on the people that i've been  closest with the longest. And I have to repay Nick back for his debt for  choosing me for the family visit.  Jeff: Nick, come on over.  Bee both chose you, Davie.  Jeff: Now, before Davie makes his final choice of who's going to join him,  does anybody here want to plead their case? Davie, the hard part--  i will say something, Davie, I hate to pull this card, but when i-- when I got  the rice for the tribe, you won immunity. And I was so proud of you. And  we've been able to eat because of that. I really didn't want to pull that  out, but if that means anything, this would mean everything to me today.  I really think-- i've got to look out for the person that's been look out for  me ever since we were back on the Vuku tribe. Kara. I've got to go with her.  Thank you.  Jeff: Kara, come on over.  Oh, my God. Thank you so much. &gt; sorry, guys. Sorry.  Jeff: All right, Davie, you chose Kara and Nick. You guys are going to have a  fun afternoon. Grab your stuff, head out. Have a good time on the "Survivor"  helicopter.  Have a great time.  Sorry.  Jeff: Angelina, Alison, Christian, Mike, got nothing for you. Grab your  stuff. Head back to camp.  I didn't want to use me winning rice for the crieb as any kind of currency,  but Davie chooses Kara over me. And I can't help but think Davie is playing  the field. Davie is keeping all his options open right now, so it could be a  million-dollar mistake.  All right, all right.  Rice!  Wooo! This is my first time in 33 days that I truly feel, like, angry, so I’m  just--  yeah.  But in this moment it's just kind of like--  a bitter taste.  Well, it's just like surprised. I come back to camp, and I’m legitimately  pissed. You know, I can't believe that Davie would choose Kara over me. And  the other thing is, like-- again I’m not-- I do not want any reciprocity or  favor about the rice, but I stepped out of a puzzle challenge in order for us  all to have rice. So it's, like, come on, Davie. But, you know, it is his own  decision.  Let's talk about that over some rice!  Have some rice.  I'm just fuming. So I spring into action to make the biggest poot of rice  that we can manage. I guess it was revenge rice.  Yeah!  By choosing Kara and by choosing Nick, this is the exact epitome of keep my  frenemies close, Nick; and my friends closer, Kara. I definitely know that  there will be an opportunity at the reward for just me and Kara to talk.  Boola!  And that's when I would have my chance to put my plan into action, which is  getting Nick out of this game.  Finally, us three get to spend time together uninterrupted.  Uh-huh. This reward is like "goodfellas" if you're going to take  them out, you're going to treat them really well and then slit their throats  in the end.  I overdid it.  So, yes, now that Nick's gone...  Yes.  Are you ready for some big bombs right now?  Yes.  Not only does Nick have an idol, but he may possibly have two idols.  Another one?  Yeah.  He needs to get out.  Exactly.  Everybody at camp knows that Nick now has the idol that was found underneath  the raft. But I am shocked when Davie says that Nick has yet another idol. I  mean, Nick is a huge threat to everyone's game.  What I’m thinking is tomorrow, if Nick doesn't win, me, you, Alison and Christian  can get him out of here.  I'm so down for that because that's what I was thinking to begin with.  Don't tell Angelina and Mike.  For sure. Davie wants to vote out Nick and I’m drooling at this idea. This  sounds look a feasible plan that is absolutely going to take my game to the  next level.  What's up, Mike?  It was fun?  It was great, man. Sorry, dude.  No worries.  Mike, you're the best welcoming committee. So coming back to camp my number  one conversation has to be with Alison.  Tell me about the food.  Because in order for this plan to happen, we also need to get Alison on board  to go along with this. So Nick has the idol in case you don't know. And so Davie  wants to vote Nick out, and he wants it to be me, you, Davie, and Christian.  Oh, my God.  To vote Nick, and then leave Angelina and Mike out of if. Because if we risk  at all telling them, too, I feel they would use it to tell Nick.  This is insane. Kara reveals to me that Davie now is gunning for Nick. I just  kind of smiled because in the past, I have been on the bottom, and I was  going to be next out. All of a sudden, I’m no longer pressed up against the  wall, but instead, perhaps, making a move.  Oh, I need to talk to you.  So exciting.  So Kara gave me some huge information. Davie unloaded on Kara and was like,  "i want Nick out now." I want to demonstrate with Mike that I’m genuine  when I say I want it to work as a pair. When I think that by providing this  information to him, I am proving that. That'swell, that's why I wanted to  talk to you because I’m weighing it over in my mind.  During the Davie wants Nick out of the game really breaks the game wide open.   It's so fun they they're going fur each other. And I actually feel like Nick  is a big threat to win but right now I’m really torn, because Nick and I have  been bonded since we join Jabeni, and it made me think really hard about what  I need to do about this next vote. And I’m excited to see what I do. I want  to surprise myself.  when I woke up this morning, I’m still thinking there's still some hope that  maybe there's an idol out there. And I thought to myself, Davie, maybe you  need to go walk around and search. So as soon as the sun rises, I started  searching. I searched everywhere-- by the rock, by the tree mail, by the  raft, over by the watering hole-- hoping that there's something that will pop  out at me. Then out of the blue, I see some type of blue cloth in a stick. I  grab it. I'm like, yes, baby. This is it. Yes! I untie it. I open it, and  there are those words they love to see out here in fiji. It says,  "congratulations." I remember where the merge feast was. It's at  the end of the beach, way far away from the camp. I know exactly where I need  to be and I’m ready to get there. [ thunder ] so I wait until it's raining,  while everyone in camp is distracted by the storm that's coming tonight, and  I decide to make my break and find out what this advantage is. Make my break  and find out what this advantage is.  i have a hidden immunity idol, and it's only good for this next tribal  council. However, that can change if I’m willing to play the game that's in  front of me. I would smash one of the first two urns. If I choose correctly,  I would extend my idol another tribal. Fichoose the wrong one, I wouldn't be  able to vote at the next tribal council. It's never easy on "Survivor."  if I lose this vote, it could end up being a 3-3 tie. Somebody could go to  rocks. I could go home anyway, and win the immunity necklace, and not need  this idol. But if I have this idol, then I can save me or I can save Christian.  I could play the idol for Mike, making Mike trust me even more. What if Nick  plays his idol? Even if I can only play it for this one-- that can make me  look like a threat. Like flipping a coin, flipping a freaking coin. When my  mother came here, she said, "Davie, you have to remember, when you're in  a debacle, you have to call on God." and that's what I decided to do.  Lord, if it's in your will for me to play this game, give me a sign. I asked God  for a sign. I'm looking at the fire to see if it's going to point to which  urn I should break. The wind is going that way, and I think that's the sign I’m  looking for. I don't think I want to play this game. That's God talking to  me, this wind blowing. He's telling me, yes, dude, you made the right  decision. Because I have a plan that I want to put into action to take out Nick.  And me losing my vote could mess up that plan. So I’m safe. I'm in the  driver's seat. I'm ready to buckle up and take off.  Jeff: Come on in, guys!  Jeff: All right, let's get to today's immunity challenge. First things first,  Kara. You look cold in this rain. I still have to take back the necklace.  Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're  going to stand on a narrow perch while balancing a ball on a wooden disk. At  regular intervals, we'll add more balls, making it more difficult. If at any  point you fall off the perch or your ball drops, you're out. Last person left  standing wins immunity, guaranteed a one-in-six shot at getting to the end.  Losers, tribal council, where somebody will become the seventh member of our  jury. We are getting down to it. Take your spots. We'll get started. All  right, everybody step up on your perch. Grab your ball. Place it on your  disk. I'm gog count you in. Three. Two. One. And this challenge is on. A  little bit of fijian rain coming down, making it a little more interesting.  The rules are simple: If your ball drops, you're out. If you step off the  perch, you're out. Your disk cannot touch your body. It's okay on your  forearm. It's okay wedged against your elbow. Angelina's ball is starting to  move. Christian, wow. Sudden move, quickly gets his ball back where he wants  it. Mike's feet really shaking. Nick's ball taking a little journey. Alison  has been moving this entire challenge. 15 seconds left in this round. If you  survive there, will be a fresh start, and we'll add a second ball that you  will have to balance on your disk. Here we go. Five. Four. Three. Two. One.  Everybody is safe. Nice job. All right, everybody is on their perch. And this  thj is back on. This challenge is back on and this will get a lot more  difficult now. You have two balls you are trying to balance on your disk.  Mike's ball starting to move. Gotta get it back in control. Angelina, both  balls separating, hanging on opposite sides of the disk. That is a dangerous  spot to be. Kara's balls are now on the move. Kara drops. She's out. Gently  take a step backwards. Angelina trying to get back in control of her balls.  Angelina's balls drop. She is out. We are down to five. Davie's balls  starting to separate now. Which is worse-- balls separating or balls clanging  together? Both give you that uncomfortable feeling in this challenge.  Christian with the slightest bit of movement. Nick wobbling again. Once  again, getting it back under control. Davie's balls now on the move. Both of Davie's  balls drop at the same time. Dave's' out. We are down to four. Christian  right on the edge. Christian, ball dangling on the edge of his disk.  Christian could sense it was over before it happened. Christian is out, and  we're down to three-- Alison, Mike, and Nick. We are four minutes into this  round. Survive here, we go to a third ball. You need to hang on right here.  Nick now back in control. Nick drops. And we are down to two. It is a  showdown between two Goliaths. 15 seconds left in this round, and we will add  a third ball. Hang in there. You're almost there. Five. Four. Three. Two.  One. You're both safe. Grab your because.  Good job, guys.  Jeff: We will move to the third and final round. All right, we are in the  final round of this challenge. For immunity, guaranteed spot in the final  six. Alison trying to overcome wobbling legs. That has been the thing that  has haunted her this entire challenge. Can she get it in control? It would be  Alison's second individual immunity win. It would be Mike's first. No time  like the present to be secure on "Survivor." Mike starting to  wobble a little. Gotta get it back in control. Mike with one ball on the edge  of his disk. Mike's balls now on the move. The ball hanging on the edge of  his disk. Alison drops. She's out. Mike wins his first individual immunity.  Safe tonight at tribal council.  Yay!  Jeff: Mike, come on over.  Yay, Mike!  Jeff: Mike, individual immunity is yours, safe tonight at tribal council. You  will see day 36 and a guaranteed spot in the final six. As for the rest of  you, one of you will see your dream come to an end, become the seventh member  of our jury. Grab your stuff, head back to camp, see you tonight at tribal.  Congrats.  Thanks. Being able to win an immunity challenge today is thrilling. And right  now, I feel like I’m a little less nervous swinging from the hip because I have  this immunity necklace. And now I feel like I can do what will serve my game  the best.  going into tonight's tribal council, I wanted to get rid of Christian, but Alison  was super close to binning the challenge, and she's a huge physical threat.  And I’m worried and nervous that there's more Goliaths than Davids.  Thank you, guys.  And it feels like the time is right for Alison.  It makes me nervous.  I knew we were gonna talk.  Yeah, I think everyone's going to talk today.  Who are you thinking?  I would rather vote Alison tonight if I can.  Alison this time. Christian next time.  Okay.  To me it's hilarious that so many people are passionate about getting Alison  out. They don't know there's a plan in place to take out Nick. That's how you  execute a good blindside. You can't let everybody in on it. I'm excited to be  part of a blindside that would change the rest of the game completely.  Is that okay?  Yeah, I’m fine.  I find out that there's two different scenarios being run. There's this big  push to have Alison out. And at the same time, Davie is gunning for Nick. But  having the immunity necklace, I feel a little bit more bold. I'm excited,  like, this is what you come to "Survivor" for is to, like, have an  impact on the game, and I’m thinking Christian is still the biggest threat to  win the game. And so I gotta get the votes to get Christian home tonight.  I just had a nervous feeling that there's a part of me that thinks maybe it's  tonight for Christian.  I think Nick is the greater threat.  Are we doing something stupid? Is it better to take out Christian?  I want it to be Nick.  I'm having second thoughts about this Alison thing.  Uh-huh.  Beyond my basic position, which is Alison is easily beatable in the end, Christian  will win. He will beat all of us. We would be crazy not to take out Christian  now. He doesn't have immunity. He has no more idols. It's, like, this is the  time.  Yeah.  Think about it.  Yeah, I will think about it.  Right now I have as much leverage as I’m ever gog have in the game. I have an  immunity necklace, and I have a lot of people that listen to me, but no one's  budging. So it's getting difficult for me to marshal the troops they need to  get Christian out of the game. And it shouldn't be that difficult.  I don't want--  oh, wow! While I was talking with nirk he decides to come clean that he was  lying about his extra idol. And now that he's told me the truth, I don't want  him out of the game anymore. I thought I was being lied to. Turns out, I wasn't.  Things have changed full circle. So Nick is no longer the vote tonight. And Alison  is.  I have a hidden immunity idol that's only good for tonight. That means that I’m  going to have to play it tonight. And I’m hoping to see that everyone is set  for Alison votes for Alison.  I still want to work with Nick to take out Christian. But Nick keeps talking  to Christian, so I feel like I just gotta lay out all the cards because  that's the only way I’m going to be able to get Christian out of the game.  Davie's gunning for me?  Yes.  He thinks because you have the idol, that now is the time to take you out.  That's what I was afraid of.  Okay, so he has Kara. Talk to Kara on the reward challenge.  I tell Nick that Davie and Kara are voting for him. And Nick is now gunning  for Davie.  And the other people want Alison gone.  For me, I feel like Christian is the most likely person left in the game to  win. But the problem is it's really hard to keep a group together when they  all have their own agenda. It's like you think with only seven people there  wouldn't be that many possibilities, but it seems like there's more  possibilities tonight than there's ever been before.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Elizabeth. John. Dan. Alec.  Carl. And Gabby, voted out at the last tribal council. Nick, let's talk about  where we are in the game. Because when you get down to seven people, there's  a tendency to play a little more conservative and just try to get through a  vote. Do you sense any shift in the pace of the game?  I don't know. I think we're still going 100 miles per hour. I mean, to play  to win to make it to tomorrow. I don't think that calls for more conservative  play. Sometimes it calls for more aggressive play.  Jeff: And, atomic, the essential dilemma when you get this close to the end  is you try to vote people out, but you also have to make sure the people you  latest behind will bring you to the end.  Yes, and I put way more weight in who's left and who I can work with? It's a  weird game, and it's individual and you have to do your self-interest. You  can't trust anyone, right? These are all the messages you goat "Survivor."  but you can't get to the end without leaning on others.  Jeff: Davie, that's the trick, isn't it-- you can't trust anybody but you  have to trust somebody.  That is the trick, Jeff. I mean, you're trying to figure out can I trust this  day one person or this other person they met at the merge or this other  person they met at the swap? It's just a mind frenzy.  Jeff: Christian, the tough part about loyalty, is when you reach that  crossroads when the person or people you're loyal to are also your biggest  threats.  You summarized, I think, the game of "Survivor" pretty well, and  the fact that for myself, personally, I have to really consider who is  willing to work with me. I mean, every single person sitting here has written  down my name to vote for me at some point since merge. But for me it's  heavily weighted on who is willing to work with me, even that person might  have been an enemy as closely as a vote ago.  Ting more speaks to the fluid nature of the game that we here are playing in  that, yes, old "Survivor" was tight voting packs, and here it's a  much more fluid game of what is next for the next vote?  Jeff: Davie, do you agree with that, it really is tribal to tribal?  Yeah, i've been preaching that from tribal to tribal. Voting blocs, voting  blocs. You don't know who you can trust at that point in the game, then the  next point in the game. The game is fluid, and it's all based on voting  blocks. I agree with that.  Wing this group, there is no death grudge between anybody here. You know, I think  everybody really likes each other and, you know, you try to vote people out  and then it doesn't work and, you know, we can still work together. Like,  speaking to Christian's point, I voted him twice. Whoever I’m voting tonight,  if they don't go home tomorrow, it's a new day. And I think that makes it,  you know, a free-for-all.  Jeff: Nick, if it's a free-for-all does, that mean strategy is out the  window, or does that mean the strategy is so good and nobody is fully telling  the truth?  I think the strategy is that good. You can come in here and think it's a  clear situation, but that's never the case. So, yeah, I think there's a high  level of game play going on, and it's go going on by everything.  Jeff: Alison, is there a clear type of threat right now?  I think common threats have been identified. And once you've been identified  as a threat, it's harder to stay off of people's hit lists.  Jeff: Are you talking about yourself?  Yes. When you survive a couple of tribals, it starts to identify you as  something of a threat.  Jeff: Christian, do you feel similar to Alison, that you are an ongoing  threat, and, therefore, will always be in trouble at tribal?  I-- i-- I mean you hope that people's perception of you change when you  realize, hey, I’m willing to work with you. You know, you can stop voting for  me, please. I've had enough. Un, the I think the record is 19 votes in a  given season. And I have 15. So, you know, that's plenty. That's plenty. No  more, please. [ laughing ].  Jeff: Mike, when you think about the fact that what you're doing tonight  could literally be a million-dollar right decision or a million-dollar wrong  decision, does that make you want to say, "i just have to look at the  people that are threatening to me and see if I can sway the others to go my  way? Way?"  yeah, it gets so complicated. There are so many people that I trust, but the  weight of holding your cards close to the vest at some point you want to be  like, "this is what I know to be the truth." and having this around  my neck made me feel a little bit more like I need to make an impact for  tonight.  Jeff: All right, it is time to vote. Kara, you're up.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes.  Jeff: If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now  would be the time to do so. Want to play it, now would be the time to do so.  Jeff, I’m playing this for me tonight.  Jeff: Okay. This is a hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast for Davie will not  count. Okay.  Hang on a second, Jeff. I found this by the raft.  Jeff: Nick, you're playing this for yourself?  Well... Actually, that's a fake one I made. I played a fake one to get a read  on them. I was going to, like, see what they say.  I don't think you need to play it, personally, but...  Okay. I think I need to play my real idol. I better just be safe. I could be  wrong, but... It's for me.  Jeff: This is a hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast for Nick will not count.  I'll read the votes. First vote, Davie. Does not count. Davie. Does not  count. Alison. One vote Alison. Christian. One vote Alison. One vote Christian.  Alison. That's two votes Alison. Christian. We're tied. Two votes Alison, two  votes Christian, one vote left. 14th person voted out and the seventh member  of our jury, Christian. You need to bring me your torch.  Well played, you guys.  Likewise.  Good game, Christian.  Great competitor.  Great game, Christian.  Jeff: Christian, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  Good luck to you all. Well played.  Sorry, Christian.  Bye, Christian.  Jeff: Well, with only a few days left, and the game this fluid, from hereon  out, it is going to be pedal to the metal. Grab your torches. Head back to  camp. Good night.  Dang it. Captioning funded by cbs captioned by media access group at wgbh  access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on the season finale of "Survivor." only six are  left.  They lied trite my face, blah, blah, blah, blah.  I may be going home today.  Yeah.  She's like a cruel psychopath.  Jeff: Who will claim the title of sole "Survivor"? Join us for the  finale, wednesday, december 19.  It surprises me that people thought I was such a huge threat that I needed to  go as soon as they could marshal the votes. 18 votes, if I can count. That's  an accomplishment. It makes me feel big. It makes me feel formidable. Like a  person who has earned respect of his colleagues. So maybe I should respect  myself more as a consequence.