<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor": This is "Survivor: David vs. Goliath."  the 37th season began with an upset. David wins early reward! At the Goliath  tribe, ban fell for Kara. And discovered an idol.  Hey, guys, guys, I found an idol with the most beautiful girls in this whole  entire game.  Jeff: At the David tribe, Nick found himself on the outs. But mother nature  intervened, and Pat was medically evacuated.  We love you, pat!  We love you, pat.  This is just a huge loss.  Jeff: Three days in, down one tribe member, but we are early in this game.  The fight ain't over.  Jeff: The game continues on. 19 are left. Who will be voted out tonight?  I hope that we can get the fire going.  Do we have dry wood?  How on earth would anything be dry here? And if so, where would it be?  It really took it out of us.  Today was rough. Pat was kind of always the moral booster around camp. And to  say goodbye to him kind of just knocked us all down.  It's too wet.  Yeah.  It's coming down.  The rain's coming down now.  We'll try it in the morning.  light!  Come on!  I am so-- I’m just over it.  Since we started this game, we have just been in a constant state of being  wet, cold, and it's crushing. Because it almost feels sometimes like is the  end in sight? I just want a fire so bad.  You want to do it now?  Yeah, it slowed down a bit.  If you don't mind being in the rain.  Christian, I can help you.  I'm not in the loop on the decision making.  Me, neither. We were about two hours away from having a tribal, and I had no  idea. Nobody's ever come to me.  Right, dude, I know I was the one.  That's really bad.  I'm glad we didn't go to tribal because the plan was to vote out Nick which I  didn't want to lose Nick. I didn't want to vote him out at all. I actually  like him a lot personally. We get along well. And the fact that we didn't  have to have a vote means we can have this ambiguity of alliances still.  Whereas, once we do vote, that's when it's clear cut. That's when we know  where everyone stands. I feel bottom line one of the girls has to go.  Absolutely, absolutely. Awesome. Now we can hurry up. We're on the same page.  Each new day I get out here is a blessing, because I was only supposed to get  three. So I’m either going to win or I’m going to die trying. I've always  felt the connection with Christian, you know, we're like j.p. And stephen.  J.t. Was like a country boy from alabama and stephen was like a genius.  I'm going to flip it. Put it down for a second. One second. Let me rotate it  and try.  Okay, go ahead, lift it up. Between the two of us we really have to look out  for each other, so I think it's time for some more alliance making.  We need to come up with, like, an alliance name.  An alliance name?  Yeah.  So you are from kentucky and you're baltimore.  We could be the-- we could be the mason-dixon line. The mason-dixon line runs  right over the top. That's a good alliance name. Team mason-dixon.  Virtual fist bump.  I think mason-dixon is here for the long haul.  Hey, guys!  We have tree mail and a present.  Okay. "David tribe, it has been a tough and unusually wet first few  days. Surviving the elements is a part of the "Survivor" adventure,  but this unrelenting storm has prohibited you to make the fire you earned.  This fire-making kit should help." [ applause ].  Awesome!  "this fire-making kit should help."  yay!  "and as a gesture of good well I’m offering this tarp as protection.  Good luck. Jeff."  oh, my God!  Yup, yup,ium. Hold on. Don't douse it. Don't doubt it. A little bit, a little  bit.  It's going, it's going.  We are in business now, guys.  Life is golden right now. I've got shelter, fire, idol in my jacket, rice in  my belly, Kara by my side every single night. I'm living the dream life right  now. Where did you put my jacket?  On a tree over there.  She is terrified that somebody is going to go digging in my jacket and find  that idol. I'm like, "listen, girl, nobody is going to expect my idol is  going to be in an obvious spot." the only two people who know about my  idol are Natalia and Kara. Definitely two, too many, but the one person I can  absolutely trust in this game I feel like is tara.  Well, yeah.  Okay. I know. Just a reminder.  I got it.  Okay.  It's really difficult to be in an alliance with Dan because he's so obvious  about it.  I think Dan is in a showmance. I think Kara's in a strategy. But I think it  would be to their demise because showmances, whether they're real or not,  they don't work.  In my mind, Kara's playing dan. She's been charming him ever since we got on  this damn island. I think he's blinded by Kara's good looks. It's like, bad  move, brother, bad move.  I have to protect myself. Two people that make it so evident that they are  loyal to each other, it never goes well. So now I’m scrambling to let the  girls know, like, you know, I’m here to play. I'm here for your loyalty. And  I’m really praying that they can see that.  Dude, i--  here's my idea-- there are three of us.  Okay.  You've got Alec. I feel like he's my baby.  What the hell! [ laughter ]  i've got John.  You know I’m down. I mean that, like.  Me, too.  Like, sincerely.  You've got dan.  Yes! Yes!  Oh, my gosh.  But it's like casual enough-- yours is a little more obvious, but it's not a  liability yet.  We'll take care of it.  With that, we can decide the first four out. Half the group is spent on Mike.   Dan really wants to get Mike out.  Mike is not public enemy one or two for me.  I know.  Hold this. Don't lose it. And don't stab it in your foot.  He seems like a good guy, too, in the sense he would like to stick with us.  I think Natalie first because it makes the tribe feel unified. We really are  three Goliaths. Us three girls are clearly in charge, and we know it, and we  have these boys wrapped around our fingers. And we've we have dan's idol in  our back pocket. The fact that me and Kara are the only ones that know about  it means we hold the power.  I am playing the game the hardest. I will go through anybody's stuff at any  time, you know, within reason. Mike there was, and he was looking out for me.  And going through dan's things, I unwrapped his sock, and I saw the idol. And  that was enough for me and I closed it. I'm not surprised that dan's idol was  easily found. In his clothing, because he's playing with his heart and no  strategy. Smart people don't leave it in their stuff and they hide it. He has  the idol. I don't think he's that smart. Don't know how to use it.  I got in trouble the very first day for running off and looking for an  immunity idol, and now the fact that Jeremy trust meas so much that he's  telling me and showing me all of these secrets gave me a new life in the  game.  I've seen the paper. It was a real idol.  Do you think he told anyone?  I think he told Kara.  Dan may think he's stroj and powerful because he has the immunity idol, but,  actually, in this game, information is the advantage. And having that  information is probably more powerful than the idol itself.  after I came back with the octopus, I got a lot of praise, a lot of, "thanks,  Davie, this is great." so I kind of just decided to fall into it, man.  And I think that's my role here, just being a provider.  A lizard.  Oh, you got him!  You got him?  Oooh!  I know I wanted to leave my mark on this game, and I think I’m going down the  right path. My mom gave me this cross. You know, i've been praying to God  that something stands out, something that could help me in the game. I  literally have been searching for food harder than I have been searching for  anything else, but my rise always surveying the premes sez ninja style, just,  like, always looking. This looks out of place. What is that? String. String.  Come on!  Oh, just smelling it, it smells like an idol. Like, i've never seen an idol  before but this is authentic, man. This is authentic idol leather. Or I love  this. Oh, I’m loving this moment right now. Thank you, God. The screws are  turning, man. I'm already ready to put this thing to use when it's time.  There we go, nice place there. And we're off.  Could you do me a huge favor and help me pull off my shirt? It's very tight.  Thanks so much.  It should get easier before we go along.  Before the last immunity challenge, the whole tribe was on the same page with  voting Nick out. I mean, he was parochial. And then the whole incident took  place with Pat and that just kind of threw everything into a whirlwind. You  get rid of all your strong people first, and what chances do you have at even  coming close to winning a challenge?  So, basically, we know who we want first.  Who do you think?  I'm thinking Lyrsa.  Overall, I think she's the weakest. I really don't think she's going to be  abe to help us in challenges.  We need to keep the tribe strong for challenges anyway because they're  massive over there.  I feel like we have the numbers on the vote.  She's our weakness. So, therefore, if we end up in tribal, my vote is going  to go for her.  Lyrsa's name has definitely gone around because Carl is wanting to keep the  tribe strong. It doesn't quite add up to me because she doesn't quite seem  like the weakest female in camp.  As long as we're all good.  Yeah, no, I’m good, I’m good with it. For real. But when you hear your best  buddy's name thrown out, you ain't going to just sit down idly and do  nothing. You gotta, like, get into gear.  Carl was like I think Lyrsa is the weakest girl we have to be strong. And I was  like, "yeah, yeah, yeah."  i don't think I’m the weakest girl. We have that equipment there because I won  it.  I'm just letting you know what I’m hearing.  Carl saying they should vote me out because I’m the weakest person in the  tribe. Uh, excuse me. I'm the weakest person? Who the... Won the first  challenge? Me! So I don't think I’m the weakest person here. I might not be  as athletic as some other people, but I don't think I’m the weakest one.  I'm hoping to win tomorrow.  Me, too. So I’m frustrated at Carl, and I really want to confront him. But  this is a game that you cannot do that, because then you're screwed. But I’m pretty  pissed off. I want to vote Carl out! [ laughter ]  that was a mistake.  I got one! Ow! Get that thing off! Get it off! Get it off! Get it off!  Wooo!  Jeremy's sitting there naked.  Oh, shoot! [ laughter ]  and my teeth?  Clean.  Everybody's having fun here 24/7. Booingers in my teeth. That's a first. But  it's really childish and holly-like, so, no, I’m not doing that.  We need to focus on the shelter.  I think we need to probably take those prawns off.  I mean, if the weather stays like this, I mean, that's going to be perfectly  fine. [ laughs ] the Goliath tribe does have a lot of work to do, but i've  been dealing with it. And strategically, my game is to lay low, get along  with everybody. And I think it's working out. Unless they're all lying to me,  which I doubt.  Everybody's dogging Natalie hard.  Yeah.  Yeah.  I feel bad for her, man.  I don't think she even knows, like, how it's perceived.  How it's coming across.  It's like social awareness.  You paint yourself in a corner as a bad guy when you do stuff like that.  Most of the tribe would like to see Natalie go, but for me, personally, I like  the idea of working with Natalie, because it seems like an alliance that no  one would suspect. I want her to trust me and to help me out deeper into the  game.  Did he say it was me?  Yeah.  Don't say nothing.  Okay. There you have it. Why would you want to take out the old lady? I feel  like they're playing like a bunch of amateurs, and if if it's me, I’m not  going to go out quietly. So I want to know how the senior citizen in the game  who doesn't have a snowball's hell's chance of winning is the first target to  go out? So I understand you've abandoned me.  What am I supposed to do for you whenever everybody else is telling me it's  you?  How is the oldest person in the damn tribe the biggest threat? I'm damn near  60. I need to know where you stand, because things are about to happen, and I’m  not the biggest threat to win this game.  I don't think there are any numbers to change vote.  I like to say I’m assertive. Some people say it's aggressive, oh, well.  I think they're arguing about something.  We all just--  i'm not going to wait to make things happen. I'm going to push things along,  and it it makes people uncomfortable, too bad. I'm not going down without a  fight, without some tricks, so we'll see. But don't think I ain't gonna drop  a little Natalie napalm before it's over.  She's just freaking out.  Who?  Natalie. She's crazy.  She's making herself the target.  If we could have peace, oh, peace is just so beautiful.  Yeah.  Natalie, Natalie, Natalie. What she's doing is not helping her case. I'm the  only one to try to get some real-life advice. I'm a lawyer. I know how to  deal with difficult people. Here's the issue: I’m not a psychologist. And I ain't  getting paid for this. There's a lack of self-awareness that you have.  Okay.  About your personality and the way you talk to people.  Right, another, so let me stop you there. I feel I get along with everybody.  In this tribe?  In this tribe.  Why do you feel you get along with everybody?  Because I do.  Lack of self-awareness--  you don't have to define that for me. Is that all?  Hold olisten, let me just say this, now, I am black. You are black. I have a  kinship to you, to make sure that we... Look out for each other as much as  possible.  Uh-huh.  And the lack of self-awareness is you sometimes think that an idea is action.   That's not true.  Okay. She will not listen to anybody else, and she's been married 24 years.  So that means somebody loves her as she is. That means she's not make  anything changes.  I literally do not know what's worse? The storm or Natalie. Literally, hand  in hand. If we lose at the next challenge, I’m going into turb or, overdrive,  in getting Natalie out.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! Goliath getting your first look at the new David  tribe. Pat, the first to leave the game.  No way! Wow.  I didn't expect that.  Me, either.  Jeff: Pat was not voted out. In fact, there wasn't even a tribal council. Pat  was medically evacuated moments after our last immunity challenge.  Wow.  Jeff: So as you guys take that in, let's review: You've had to endure a  massive storm, which you should all know was a cyclone.  Wow.  What! [ laughing ].  I don't think you had to tell us that, Jeff.  Jeff: So just keep in mind, that weather is moving fast, and it may not be  over, and the game moves even faster. Time for our next immunity challenge.  First things first, Goliaths, give me back the immunity idol.  You can borrow it for now.  Jeff: A-ha! All right, for today's challenge, one person from each tribe is  going to climb a ladder and retrieve the key that you'll use to unlock your  boat. You're going to paddle out and retrieve bags of puzzle pieces. At the  finish, you will balance a wobbly table while attempting to solve a block  puzzle. First tribe to finish wins immunity, safe from the vote. In addition,  you're playing for reward. Want to know what you're playing for.  Yes!  Firring gear! Fishing gear!  Jeff: You got it. It is a deluxe fishing kit. [ applause ]  Jeff: Mask, snorkel, fins. And% first time ever, a Survivor fishing pole.  What!  Jeff: Worth playing for.  Yes!  Jeff: Goliath, you have one extra player, who will be sitting out. Natalie.  I'll give you a minute to strategize, we'll get started. All right, here we  go. For immunity and reward, Survivors ready? Go! It is Alec versus Bi in the  showdown role. You have two ladder rungs. You have to balance on the narrow  edge of one rung while pulling out the rung underneath you and leapfrogging  it. This is a very tall ladder you are building.  Let's go, Alec, let's go!  Jeff: Alec starting to get a strategy of how to pull that rung out. Goliath,  once again, with an early lead in the immunity challenge.  Looking perfect!  Jeff: Alec near the top. Alec is there. He's got to step up and get the key.  He's got it. Big jump down, go, Goliath! You have to unlock and paddle.  All right, Goliath!  Jeff: Bi continues to work on the ladder. The pressure mounting. Goliaths are  in the water now. Goliath with an early lead.  Yeah, we are!  Jeff: Bi is stuck now.  Come obi, you're almost there.  Jeff: Goliath now at their platform. They've got to get somebody on it to  start grabbing those bags.  Go for it, Alec.  Jeff: It's going to be Alec jumps off.  Grab it! Come on!  Jeff: Goliaths have all their bags and they start heading back. This has the makings  of a "Survivor" blowout.  Woooo, Goliath!  Jeff: The Goliaths are very close to lapping the Davids. Bi is on her last  rung.  All right, you got it, bi.  Jeff: You have to knock that key off. She's got it! You're good. Go! And now  we have a crossing. The Goliaths are coming back with all their bags. The Davids  are just now heading out. The Goliaths have such a lead right now. Now trying  to solve the puzzle. David tribe now on their boat. You are still in this!  Come on, guys!  Grab hold.  Jeff: Davids finally reach their platform Bi jump offs. She's got the first  bag. Now it's going away! The Davids are now pulling away from the platform  with Bi still on it!  How do we get back? How do we get back?  Jeff: Another disaster for the Davids.  Paddle backwards.  Jeff: The glgz such a lead that they can literally take their time and look  at these puzzle pieces.  I got it!  Jeff: Davids have their five bags.  Paddle hard!  Jeff: Davids finally heading back. Natalia with her first piece. You've got  to keep one hand on your rope, and you must balance that wobbly table  throughout. Now the Davids have got to get it back. You've got enough robe,  bi, hook it! You're good. Let's go! It has been a massive advantage for the Goliaths.  The glgz only have two pieces of their puzzle out, but they have spent a lot  of time strategizing. Natalia drops. She's got to go back. And now look at  this. Christian with the first piece for the Davids, could the Goliaths have  squandered an enormous lead?  We've got this,ually, we've got this.  Angelina, take your solid first piece. That's your bottom.  Absolutely.  Jeff: Team work now starting to come into play as people start to figure out  how this works.  No, no, that was right how you had it.  I know. But I need the other part!  Exactly, bring it back and set it later!  That's what I’m trying to do!  Jeff: The Davids now struggling with poor communication.  It's not even like that.  Does anybody want to swap.  I am pretty hot, if anybody wants to help out--  i'd be willing to do it.  Jeff: Kara coming in for Angelina. It's one of the hottest days. You couple  that with adrenaline, and this can be exhausting.  Jessica drops.  I think it's more complicated of a puzzle.  Jeff: Christian drops everything. Setback after setback. Goliaths slowly but  suring gaining ground.  All right, Alec, your next one is going to be that l-shape.  Okay, now the four of vus to work together.  Jeff: This heat is unrelenting. We've been out here over an hour. That is a  long time to solve a puzzle. Slow and steady the Goliath tribe has  established the lead. And right now, the Davids are nowhere. Their only shot  is if the Goliaths make a mistake and drop their puzzle.  Fiforce it?  You got it!  Jeff: The Goliaths have completed the puzzle. The last step in this challenge  is all five must get back to the start and cross want purple line. For  immunity and a huge fishing kit reward.  Watch out!  Natalia, you're on the stairs.  Natalia, hold.  Jeff: There are only two left. Kara is good. It's now down to Alec.  Slow, slow.  Jeff: That's it! The Goliaths have won immunity and reward. Goliaths,  congratulations, immunity is yours. Wow.  Yes!  Jeff: She's coming to get it!  She deserves it.  Jeff: Plus a massive fishing kit. This will be waiting for you back at camp.  Yes!  Wooo!  Jeff: Goliath tribe, no tribal council, nobody going home. Grab your stuff.  Head back to camp. Enjoy the night off. David tribe, tribal council tonight  where somebody will be the second person voted out of this game. Grab your  stuff, head back to camp. See you tonight at tribal.  At least on the surface, our tribe appears to get along well. But suddenly we  have to pick the scalp off of all of the boiling blood beneath the surface.  The question is how crazy is it going to be?  It was hot.  The sun was beating down.  That was brutal, even by "Survivor" standards. That challenge.  It's like they're invincible.  They are tough.  They're so big. Sometimes it feels, like, a little bit unfair, too.  I don't agree with any of that. In my sport, technique beats everything. So I  don't believe in the size thing. And I don't think y'all should go forth with  that mindset going into each challenge thinking you have something against  you, which you don't. There are solutions to every problem, and you guys know  that in your life. So don't let two losses change your perspective.  It just sucks.  Bi is completely right, but in reality, we need to win challenges. So I think  for this first vote that we're going to have, I feel very comfortable in  saying that Lyrsa is going to go home.  Hello.  Hey.  Hey.  So who are you guys voting for?  Lyrsa.  So who cels going for Lyrsa? I just want to count.  I don't think anybody is upon wanting to talk right now, because everybody is  comfortable with voting for her.  As far as I know, the plan is to go for Lyrsa. But Bi and jess kind of blew  me off. And I felt like they were saying general cliches, like, can we talk  about the vote? And that gives me weird vibes.  Simple and easy.  If people are going to strength, it does make me uneasy because I’m not that  much better than Lyrsa in the challenges. I wanted tonight to be an easy  vote. But I don't feel as comfortable as I did a few days ago, and that's  really scary.  They're voting me, right?  Yeah, Carl is like, "we need to keep it strong." and I was like,  "yeah, yeah, yeah." who do you think?  I wonder why me?  I don't know bip of but that's what they said. I'm very pissed off that he  thinks I’m the weakest person here when I’m not.  It's irritating.  I don't want to leave this game. I don't think I’m the weakest link.  You're not the weakest link.  I'm freaking out because I know that my name has been thrown around.  Screw Carl. He's going home, okay. Or we can write Jessica's name down.  I'm not stupid. I know what is going on. Jess is the one that's connecting  everything up. She's buddy-buddy with Bi and buddy-bud weCarl. So she's, like  the thing that's holding them together. And we need to cut her out.  I like you a lot.  Yeah.  But I want to do what's best for-- for the whole tribe.  So it's me, I know what you're saying.  No, it's not you.  Then who are you saying?  I haven't trusted Jessica since day one. Here comes Lyrsa. Is that something  you would want to be a part of.  Against jess?  Yes.  Is that something you want to be a part of? Get jess out. We could get jess  and it's like knocking those two pillars out.  You don't have to convince me. I don't want it to be me.  Whose name were they talking about up there.  We just changed things big time.  What happened whapped?  If we get rid of jess tonight, there's no Carl and jess.  Really.  And there's no jess and bi, so it would be, like, a double win.  The chicken has flown the coop. The word is out. The target is jess. And I am  surprised how fast things changed, but I’m encouraged that things moved so  fast, they feel a hyperfrenetic person like me is the ideal person to handle  it all.  Christian, am I stupid?  Look, you have to trust your instincts in this game. I know that.  Do you want to play with me?  Play with you on the sand?  No, do you want to play this game with me?  When have I ever indicated otherwise?  I know, I want to play with you, too.  Of course,.  That's why I’m asking are you comfortable protecting me?  Of course, i'm--  more than jess. Do you bond with jess?  No, I don't bond with jess at all.  Do you have Nick for sure?  I think so. Gabby is basically begging me to make the vote go the way she  wants it to. And I’m saying, "i'm with you all the way, but I have to  keep in mind that from a challenge perspective, Lyrsa is the most logical  vote. What's going odude?  All hell just broke loose.  How.  Lyrsa, elisabeth, and Gabby know I’m talking to you about the plan to  eliminate jess.  I say we just get Lyrsa out and stay strong. So at this point, Nick and I are  weighing out should we get rid of the consensus target, versus making a  bigger move at this very first vote, which is an inherently riskier  proposition. Either way.  Mason-dixon. The mason-dixon alliance is in a power position. This is a  really big decision. It's our first tribal, and I can make sure the vote goes  the way that I prefer it to go. The position I’m in now, being the one  pulling the trigger is exactly whereiment to be.  Jeff: Behind each of you is a torch. Go ahead and grab one, approach the  flame, dip it in, and get fire. This is part of the ritual at tribal council  because in this game, fire represents your life. And when your fire is gone,  so are you. All right. So, first tribal, but it's day six, so let's just  start at the beginning. Lyrsa, tell me about the first few days. You don't  know any of these people, yet, immediately, are you thrown into a tough storm  and a lot of obstacles you had to overcome.  I knew it was going to rain at some point being from the caribbean, but I didn't  know it was going to be so quick. It was brutal.  Jeff, it was so relentless that I at the end just gave up and just laid there  and prayed that my mental strength would keep strong.  It got pretty tight, Jeff.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Jeff: So, elisabeth, first you have to survive the elements, and in the midst  of doing that, this tribe of strangers slowly starts to become a family.  Yeah, absolutely. The crise has literally brought people together. So seeing  that humans still are good when you're surrounded by so much terrible news  about things it's like you know what? It's going to be all right.  Jeff: So you're forced to work together. A family starts to form. And then  the great twist in "Survivor" is, "oh, you have to vote each  other out." Lyrsa, how quickly did that part of the game hit full speed?   You could cut the tension with a knife, as you might have said. And you might  think I’m not looking at what's happening. But I know what's happening. I  study anthropology. I know how to study people. So I know I’m on the chopping  block because I have heard my name being brought up before. Apparently, I’m the  weakest link, and I don't know why. I'm just keeping my mouth shut.  I think the ways of the game isn't wait until the tribal council to start  playing. And if that's the way you're playing the game, then you need to  recheck yourself because this is a game for a million dollars, and you better  play like it, because if not, your name's going to be the one that's up  there, and you're going to be really disappointed.  Jeff: Gabby, pretty well said. That really is the game. It starts day one.  Yeah, I think what Jessica said, I understand. But I also think everyone on  this tribe is smart. There's a reason we're here, so I think everyone's been  playing.  Jeff: Bi, where do you fall in this? First time we're voting, are you  constantly re-evaluating the criteria in this moment?  I have a simple vote for me. Mine is on performance at camp and in the  challenges. It the probably get more complicated as the game goes, but for me  right now, it's quite simple.  Jeff: Christian, Bi just said in front of everybody, "i know what I’m doing,"  which is a bold statement to say to others, which is, "i'm playing my  game."  and yet this all still functions as an interesting game that we could all  have all these individual moTivations and, yet, rarely are there, like, nine  different targets. So we somehow managed to organize our votes together.  Uh-huh.  Jeff: All of you are nodding yes, the votes are organized. Nick, it's  impossible. Somebody doesn't know what's happening, at least one person.  The way I see it, this game is built on deceit. So that makes trust rare, and  it puts trust as a premium.  Jeff: You also have to weigh that against what is good for the tribe? Because  the more you come back here, the more likely it's you going home.  Yeah, there's absolutely a balance. I mean, everybody can trust mother  teresa. I don't think she could run that challenge today. So trust isn't  enough. [ laughter ] I mean, we're going up against the Goliath tribe. Like  their women are six-foot tall, I’m pretty sure.  Jeff: Christian, where do you fall on this? How do you balance what's good  for me versus what's good for the tribe?  I mean, if we think we're going to merge tomorrow, the strategy is to not  care so much about the tribe, but because we're so early, this is the first  tribal, so we have very little confidence that there could be anything  swapping us any time soon. So we have to balance the needs of the tribe  pretty heavily.  Jeff: So then what is the nerve level right now from 0 to 10?  10.  11.  Yeah.  Jeff: Jessica, what's it based on?  I think it's partially because, you know, we're at tribal council and this is  a scary thing. But, also, kind of exhilarating at the same time.  There often isn't exhilaration without risk. That's how I see it, typically.  Jeff: How so?  A lot of times the sense that you're sort of transcendently in the moment.  It's not as something as terrifying as tribal council. It could be, like, a  roller coaster. If you in your deepest part of your mind knew that that  roller coaster was safe, would you really be as excited? Or is it because  you're convinced in this moment you're falling and you're going to die that  makes it very exciting?  Amazing.  He's so good. [ laughter ].  Jeff: Seems look a perfect time to get to the vote. Carl, you're up.  we gotta keep this tribe strong. We've got to win a challenge.  I really wanted to work with you. But I gist couldn't find a way to make it  happen. I hope this works. Thank you.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and up  to the play it, no would be the time to do so. Okay, once the votes are read,  the decision is final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal  council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Lyrsa. Jessica.  Lyrsa. Jessica. We're tied, two votes Lyrsa, two votes Jessica. Lyrsa. That's  three votes Lyrsa, two votes Jessica. Lyrsa. That's four votes Lyrsa, two  votes Jessica. Jessica. That's four votes Lyrsa, three votes Jessica.  Jessica. We're tied. Four votes Lyrsa, four votes Jessica. One vote left.  Second person voted out of "David vs. Goliath," Jessica.  Wow!  Wow!  What just happened?  Jeff: Jessica, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  Bye, guys.  Jeff: Well, each one of you is here because you've overcome adversity in your  life. The question is can you do it as a tribe? Grab your torches. Head back  to camp. Good night.  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor": When you feel all alone...  I didn't expect this game to be this hard.  Jeff: You need to find a kindred spirit.  The nerd have it, like, year weir in.  Jeff: Or you'll go crazy.  I know that Dan has the idol.  We already know what it is.  You throwing my name out there.  To be the first one voted out, it's sad, but at the same time, it's kind of a  compliment to me that they viewed me as that big of a threat. I came out of  the gate, and I wanted to play hard. And I guess I trusted some people that I  shouldn't have trusted. And it bit me in the butt. In the end, I guess I was  the first #blindside of the season.