<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor": At the Goliath tribe, Natalie had  no filter.  I like to same I’m assertive. Some people say it's aggressive. Oh, well.  Jeff: And Jeremy had no boundaries.  Going through dan's things, I unwrapped the sock and I saw the idol.  Jeff: At the David tribe, there was a plan in place. But when a new alliance  formed... The decision was in their hands.  The plan is to eliminate jess.  I say we just get Lyrsa out and stay strong.  The mason-dixon alliance is in a power position.  Jeff: At tribal council, Christian and Nick blindsided Jessica. Jessica, the  tribe has spoken. Leaving bi, Davie, and Carl stunned. 18 are left. Who will  be voted out tonight? Captioning funded by cbs and ford. We go further, so  you can.  There was absolutely tension when we got back from tribal council, because  me, bi, and Carl were blindsided.  It is not fun.  It was not fun.  But, you know, I gotta give it to them, man. That was good game play. They  played me. Luckily, I have the hidden immunity idol right now, and it's  something that can save me, but being left out of the vote, I’m shocked.  I see-- I see you and Nick as my number ones.  Yeah.  And I get blindsided by my number ones. That's not a good feeling.  I totally understand you feel betrayed, okay, but I can only tell you that Gabby  made a move. And so basically, they grabbed me and they grabbed Nick at the  last minute.  Gabby, she's a smart one, man. She's manipulative. She was able to persuade  both Nick and Christian, two of my top guys, to vote against me. So she's the  one you gotta watch out for, man. &gt;yeah.  Oh, my God.  Maceop,.  What's up, dixon?  Dude!  Mason-dixon just pulled the best move we could possibly pull because we are  right in the middle, right where we want to be. We've got the girls, who  think that we're in a five-person alliance with them, and then we've got Bi and  Davie and Carl, who were completely blindsided and don't want to go home. So  that puts the mason-dixon lean right in the middle.  Exactly.  And the beauty of the situation is nobody suspects me and Christian were  actually behind this, so I want to make them think it's Gabby's fault that Jessica  is gone. But the truth is, if we lose again, mason-dixon's going to decide  who goes home again.  I didn't expect this game to be, you know, this hard. Jess was kind of like a  daughter to me. She was a little sweetheart. Losing my number-one ally, it  really, really made me miss home. You know, I love my family dearly, and all  of a sudden, poof, they're gone, and then, you know, you feel almost all  alone. But being a David, I always came from the bottom and work for  everything that I have. So I really have to turn it up one more notch, you  know. So I really have to turn it up one more notch, you know.  Prettiest sunrise.  Right, right.  Yeah.  Who?  Your buddy Davie.  That totally caught me by surprise.  Even though I got screwed over, i'm, like, wide awoke. Like, i'm, like, going  to have fun now. I was really, truly hurt by the blindside. But it woke me  up. It was like, okay, girl, time to play. It's happening. I was playing a  simple game. Evidence just going along with what everybody was voting, but in  fighting, you have to be adaptable, and you have to be ruthless. So I’m going  to fight my damnedest. This island is like a cage for me, and once the door  shuts, anything goes. And I’m going to put my game face on. I like you and I trust  you. And to be honest, I don't feel betrayed by anybody but Gabby. She always  acts like she's, like, worried about herself.  She's the vulnerable one.  She always cries a lot.  I'd take her out next if I had the opportunity.  I would, too.  I knew from the moment it happened, it was Gabby. I didn't expect much  loyalty from the other ones that flipped, but from Gabby, I expected a lot.  And she left me out of the loop. So it's a little bit personal, but, also--  it's a lot personal. In a perfect world, I would love to see Gabby go home.  A little baby fish, guys.  Oh, my God! You caught a fish!  Oh, my God!  That will be enough fish for everybody?  Life is so good.  When you're winning, like Goliath's been doing, everybody is in a really good  mood. So right now I feel like the game for me is about connecting with  people. Do you still do pro wrestling?  Yeah, all time.  I have never watched wrestling in my life.  What? Dudes in sparkly tights. You never watched a pro west ling match? You  have been wasting your life. Out here I’m not a pro wrestler. I'm me.  Hi, sebastian.  Hey, girl!  What's going on?  <br/>Sea bass. Not much. Climbing out of the shell. It feels to me like I’m getting  better at old-school human skills, conversations, laughing with friends.  Ready, set, go!  Oh!  Woooo! It sprinted that time. It's not just about scheming, figuring out who  gets voted out next. It is about growing as a person and convict people. We  need Alec to tie a knot.  Come tie a knot, alex.  Does she need me?  She's saying your name.  Unfortunately, I think Natalie is on the chopping block. She's used to being  the boz bitch, telling people what to do. It doesn't work like that out here.  But I trust Natalie, and I also think that Natalie trusts me. And Natalie is  someone that I could work with if we could just figure out a way to get her  past the next couple of tribals and down the line.  I kind of want to go fishing, but I’m so scared of losing this and getting  voted out. [ laughs ] "well, you know, Jeremy did lose the spear.  And know he helped a lot around camp, but he lost the spear and we really  can't"-- I actually really like all the people on my tribe but I feel  like I’m bonding the most with Jeremy because he's so hilarious and he bosses  me around.  Watch your fingers!  I've gotten to know Jeremy and I like him a lot. When upper in south carolina  did you do this a lot?  I would go fishing-fishing. We would wake up at the crack of dawn, go  fishing. I have a great father, but, unfortunately, he got early alzheimer's.  Being out here on the water just reminds me of our most enjoiblg time.  Growing up, I was the exact same way I am now, and he was trying to mold me.  I said, "daddy, what, do you think I’m gonna be when I grow up." he  said, "i don't know what you're gonna be but I know you ain't going to  work with your exphandz you ain't coming back to this farm." I used to  butt heads with him so much but as I got older I realized everything he was  telling me was true and he was trying to make me be the best man I could be.  I just know how proud he would be of my life now. How I’m a lawyer, I’m playing  "Survivor." I’m living my dreams, and he's not able to see the  fruits of his sacrifice to make a better life for me. And there's no way for  me to show him my appreciation because by the time I was an actualized man,  it was too late. If he saw this, it would make him so proud.  I think Jeremy, the more you get to know him, you rails there's a real person  of depth there who has seen a lot and done a lot. But I think Jeremy being  like a little sneak and findingide nolz peek's jackets, it just makes him  look like he'll do anything for the money. So I’m kind of afraid to go down  the primrose path with Jeremy. I'm just a little afraid he's going to be his  own worst enemy down line, and I don't want to be taken down with Jeremy.  Okay, so, clearly, on some level, you know, being invited to slamtown means  you have been slammed.  You're obsessed.  I love selectman town. I think that John on the other tribe, mayor of  slamtown, is endlessly fascinating. He presumably was born and raised in a  slamtown, which sounds awesome to me. But in wintville, where I grew up, we  had hard times. So I can't wait to hear what slamtown is like. If you're in  the slammer and the-- and all the people there are like, "you have to  govern these people and they have needs."  and it's John. He's the mayor. What are the citizens of slamtown called?  The slam tonians.  Christian is just the sweetest guy. Expheez funny. He always cracks jokes.  And feel like we're cut from the same cloth. He's my number-one ally in this  game. The nerds have it. We're in.  I don't really know where you're at, Davie, because Gabby turned on justin.  Yeah.  Made me feel pretty clueless. I will never trust Gabby again. She left me out  of the loop. So right now I’m just seeing where everybody is at because if we  all seem to be on the same page, we can get her out of the game.  We got burnt by her is what I’m saying so the time could be right to get her  out.  Bi is telling me how dangerous Gabby is, and I’m thinking, yeah, that sounds  great for me because I wanted to pin all the blame on Gabby and keep  mason-dixon safe so everything went together perfectly.  Do you know what really scared me?  What?  Was how quick freaking gaky got Jessica voted out.  That's what I’m saying.  That scared me to death.  She scares me.  Me, too.  If we have Christian, we've got the numbers. Without Christian, we don't.  I think we would have Christian.  Because with us four we need Christian.  The only thing that worries me is Christian and Gabby are close. But he's  part of mason-dixon. He's my number one, and I want to make sure I’m his  number one. So if I can get Gabby out out of here, I’m going to do it. So if  I can get Gabby out out of here, I’m going to do it.  I think the bigger the fish is the smarter it is, the scareddier it is.  Yeah.  It's really hard. Fish have the advantage.  Yeah.  Talking about, like, starbucks.  Big pieces, small pieces? Anything that's dry, basically?  What happened today is I saw too many side conversations that made me  uncomfortable. I'm the biggest threat right now, you know. Because they know  that I think things out.  People are talking strategy all morning?  Really.  The thing is, before there's a possible tribe swap, after the tribe--  year, it's bad for the tribe.  Yeah, we could have every single person still here. You know for a fact they  were talking strategy?  No. But know from my gut they were talking strategy.  Really? Jeremy is seeing people kind of couple off and talk in groups, and I wasn't  strategizing. And as for right now, we don't have to strategize because  nobody's getting voted out. So that's just paranoia talking.  For me, as a superfan, making the merge is the most important thing. You  don't want to get sent home before the merge. But I’m concerned with so many  side conversations going on today. If we start breeding all of this distrust  among us, all it can do is hurt us when we do a tribe swap.  I don't think people were having side conversations.  It seems like you were having side conversations. I was trying to nip it in  the bud, mainly because I thought it was coming in my direction. Today I had  a tribal meeting to tell them I didn't think it was appropriate. Slow it down  a little bit for the strength of the tribe. Playing like you're on a tribe  where you have to fight for your life, on a tribe when you have won each  challenge and have not been to tribal council. There's nothing really to talk  about until we start losing, you know.  I feel like we all feel the same way.  I think Jeremy has a point, that right now we should still see each other as  teammates, however, he is actually the person he should be speaking to. I  think he's constantly spinning strategies and possible scenarios. And I think  that's going to come back to bite him in the butt.  What did you think of Jeremy's talk this morning?  I was going to ask you the same thing. I think it benefitted him.  That's why I think he did it. I was like, oh, it makes sense you say no side  strategizing.  Jeremy is very smart. I think part of his speech was strategy in the sense if  we start to slow down the conversations, then we stick with the fauc quo, the  status quo being Natalie. But if these conversations keep happening, then  people might start to wake up to the fact to it might be better to take out  someone who might be a threat, like Jeremy.  Flick your wrist. Come up higher. You want to still keep it low but you want  to come out of the water. Now flick your wrist.  I did it!  See. I told you.  Kara and dan, they're definitely in a showmance. Natalie is the first to go  if we lose an immunity challenge.  You're positive hes that?  I'm positive he has it.  He showed it to you?  I saw it in his coat. To be clear, no matter how much I’m talking about 10  strong, we're one family, I also am playing a game for $1 million. And you  don't have an alliance until you share information.  He has an idol and he didn't tell me? How good are we?  So shady.  Let me just say it real quick eye know that Dan has the idol because I looked  at it in his pants and I saw the note. It said, "congratulations. Of  the. I didn't read farther than that and then I felt the idol.  Jeremy claims he found an idol in dan's jacket but it makes me a little leary  of what Jeremy has up his fancy sleeves. Only somebody running around  scheming is going to be paranoid enough to tell everyone, "hey, hey,  let's not have side conversations. Let's stay 10 strong." which is  crazy. He's playing the game hard. Do I blame him? No do I trust him? No.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! Goliaths getting your first look Jessica voted out at  the last tribal council.  Interesting. Didn't see that.  Jeff: So, day nine. The only thing--  wooo!  Yeah!  Wooo!  I can't even see, Jeff! [ laughing ].  Jeff: You know, I’m really impressed because our first challenge was in one  of the biggest storms we've ever had. The second immunity challenge, one of  the hottest days I ever remember. And once again, for an immunity challenge,  in the dumping rain, but I see more smiles than not. Is that just speaking to  the nature of the adventure inside each of you?  Yes.  Yes!  Jeff: Gabby, your eyes are closed, open, closed, open.  I can barely open my eyes to look at you, Jeff! There's so much rain!  Jeff: Shall we get to it.  Yeah!  Yeah!  Jeff: All right, first things first, Angelina, take back the idol. Thank you.   Borrowing it for now.  Jeff: Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, one  player from each tribe will maneuver their way through an obstacle. Then  three other tribe members will work together to untangle ropes, getting  themselves to the finish. You'll then hook a sled, pull it back to you, and  use the piece on board. In addition, you are playing for reward. Want to know  what you're playing for?  Yes. [ thunder ]  umbrellas?  Jeff: That was big. The good news is the reward is great. [ cheers ]  oh, yes!  Jeff: Bankets, pillows, hammock, chairs. I'll do my best to cover it. Sound  good?  Yay!  Thank you!  Jeff: All right, Goliath, you have two extra members. Two people sitting out.  Who is it going to be?  So who is sitting?  I'll do it with you.  You know what, guys? I'm gonna stay in this one.  We're sitting out.  And Natalie wants to do the puzzle.  Jeff: Goliaths, who is it going to be? Natalia and Angelina are going to sit  this one out. Take a spot on the sit-out bench. I'll give you a few minutes  to strategize and we will get started. All right, here we go. For immunity  and reward, Survivors ready? Go! It was another showdown between aland he can  bi. Alec has won every showdown for the Goliaths and he has not lost. This is  a rematch with bi, who slips, and then jams her leg through. Alec is throwing  himself through this first obstacle.  Come on, Alec! Yeah, you got it!  Jeff: Alec now is hung up and he goes the wrong way, opens the door for bi.  Jiewf got to be right. Alec stuck now. Doesn't know what to do. It is now Bi in  the lead over Alec. They both get there. Get through the rope! Go, go, go!  Gotta get back to your mat! Bi hobbling her way back. Go, guys! Both tribes!  We are dead even now! Davids are 0 for 2 in immunity challenges, but the Davids  are in this one right now. Now it is about communication.  Davie, over to me, over to me.  Jeff: You've got to work together, gathering that rope, talking to each  other.  Over, michael, over.  Okay.  Jeff: It is Nick, Davie, and Lyrsa. It is Kara, Jeremy, and Mike.  You go over. It's a rhythm, you guys.  Perfect! Same thing, guys!  Jeff: We're back even. Day nine of "Survivor," tribal council  tonight.  Get your slack out!  One more! One more.  Jeff: We are still very close!  Go!  Jeff: Both tribes heading over.  Over the top, Davie, over the top!  Michael's over, Jeremy's over. Thiewr good! You're good! Go, go! It is  anybody's challenge to win right now. We now have John and Dan trying to hook  the sled, and Carl and elisabeth. Carl and elisabeth have worked with rope  their whole lives. Will it pay off now?  Hold the rope up for me.  Jeff: It is now team work with the rope management. Just misses! Carl tosses  it. Carl short again. Here comes elisabeth now. Here goes John for the Goliaths.  And he's got it. The Goliaths have their sled. Now they've got to pull it  back. Elisabeth tosses it. Elisabeth has it for the Davids.  Come on, guys!  Jeff: Goliaths almost there. You're good! Take over, puzzle solvers!  Come on, guys!  Yeah, yeah!  Jeff: You're good! Get the puzzle pieces! We are still neck and neck right  now. We are now down to the puzzle part of this challenge. It is Natalie and Alison  taking on Christian and Gabby.  What would be the top?  You all right.  I hurt my knee.  Jeff: It's going to come down to this right here. Who will be fastest at  solving this four-piece puzzle?  There's no colors.  So it's completely geometric.  Jeff: You are making a pyramid.  This?  No, it's not going to do, it's not going to do.  Yeah.  Jeff: This puzzle could solve quickly. You could be very close and not know  it. Natalie sat out the last challenge. She was not going to sit out this  one.  Could this abe pyramid on top?  No, it's not.  Jeff: The Davids have not tasted victory in an immunity challenge yet this  season. The Goliaths don't even know what tribal council looks like.  I see it, I see it!  Jeff: The dream ends tonight for somebody.  Something like this.  You don't see any side that will fit in here?  I do not see a side.  Okay, then we've got it wrong.  Yes!  Jeff: The Davids have done it! The Davids win immunity for the first time in  this game! Stunning the Goliath tribe that cannot believe they lost. [ cheers  ] Davids, congratulations. [ applause ] first immunity win. In addition, your  reward will be waiting for you back at camp. Grab your stuff, head back to  camp upon. No tribal council tonight. Nobody going home.  Yes!  Jeff: Bi, we'll have medical take a look at that knee. All right, Natalia,  will there be any second guessing about who played, who sat out, what  positions people were in? I believe that Angelina would have been strong in  that challenge. She saw what pieces needed to go in the right spot  immediately. But at some point you have to say, "this isn't my place,  and maybe someone else would be better at it it."  thank you.  Jeff: You guys are going to have an interesting afternoon back at camp. Tribal  council tonight where somebody will be the third person voted out of this  game. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. See you tonight at tribal.  Natalie is the reason we lost this challenge. For tonight's vote, if I had it  my way, I would be writing a smiley face next to Natalie's name. We did it,  baby!  Way to go, team!  Chairs! We won the immunity and reward challenge! I'm so happy.  We got a good win today. [ cheers ].  I'm really proud of myself that I finished the puzzle alongside a dude who  has a ph.d. In robotics and mechanical engineering, and we finally won!  How does your leg feel?  It's okay. I sprained my m.c.l. I tore my m.c.l. Training m.m.a., way before  "Survivor," and actually had to pull out of a really big fight and  nurse it for two months. Unfortunately today at the challenge, I felt  something unstable, and I know my knee. That scares me. It's very weak right  now, and this is not an easy game physically at all.  I am really great at puzzles. This one today, I couldn't see. So I did my best.  It didn't come together. It is what it is. I feel bad about the loss,  particularly because it happened on my piece of the challenge, which is the  puzzle-solving aspect. But all I can do is play it oit at this point. I'm  really not sure what to say to you about asking for your support, because I can  honestly tell you that I never have felt I had your support since we've been  on this island. I've been like, where is my support from my brother?  This is the truth, Natalie. I'm going to tell you my truth. I don't think you  understand your personality or the way you speak. I don't have no problem,  you know, telling you to your face. That's how black people work.  It is.  We tell each other to our face.  My pitch to you is to consider keeping me on the tribe in spite of all of  those things.  I don't think you have-- truthfully, I don't think you have the support. It  would be an uphill battle that I just don't think anybody could--  i'm not going to just sit down and not talk to people and not--  i think you should make a pitch to each person. This is why I feel like you  should talk to everybody.  I am, yeah.  In the past, I tried to step in and try to be a mediator, but Natalie has  poor self-awareness and poor communication skills. So I already know these  not going to learn, even though it's a benefit to her. You know, you only can  do what you can do.  I feel like it's clear what needs to happen, just for our tribe. We need our  tribe strong. She said that's what she was good at, so that's why I let her  compete in the sense that she's fighting for her own life, right? Natalie has  been digging her own grave since day one, and one could argue that by  stepping up for the puzzle and falling short, that she just put a-- the final  nail in her coffin.  Can I float an idea by you?  Yes.  Jeremy. He's trying to stir the pot more than anyone. Natalie is an easy  second out. She's not a threat in this game at all.  I know.  That would be my first choice. I know it's not as simple, but I think it's  the smartest. Jeremy is the much better first person to go because he is  smart, charming, playing really hard, and not super trustworthy, versus Natalie,  who in all consideration, is pretty harmless, in my opinion.  I am so on the fence about it.  I am happy with either. But I strongly prefer Jeremy. And he's a talker. Are  you kidding me.  He's a charmer.  He's a manipulator.  In my day-to-day life.  Use the power of persuasion. I use it if I’m pulled over by a police officer  for going a little bit too fast. For getting discounts at restaurants --  whatever it may be. I think we have a shot at Jeremy.  I want to go for Jeremy?  That's what I want to do. Because everyone is dead set on Natalie, I know  it's going to be a lot of leg work... I want him out. But for me, this is  what makes me a Goliath, is if I can whip these votes to completely shift  over from Natalie to Jeremy, then to me, that's my shining moment of this  game. At least one of many, I hope. I want him out.  If it was up to me it would be Natalie. I think Natalie, she's like a demoralizer  around camp. She's terrible at the challenges. That's never going to change.  I thought this was a done deal. Natalie is like an unpleasant drain around  camp, and Jeremy is this force of life who I really love. You know, it's  crazy that in nine days you can get to know somebody well enough to feel  really attached. And I know how much the game means to Jeremy. And he is his  own worst enemy, but I think it is a simple answer, and Natalie is the  answer.  Natalie, right? Why?  We're all voting Jeremy.  No, I think that-- there's no way we can keep winning with her on our tribe.  There could be a swap soon.  She's going to talk bad about every one of us.  She'll be voted out first.  My only worry is that we tribe swap, and then she just tarnishes everybody.  But nobody's going to believe her.  I don't think so.  And Jeremy is a better talker, he's smarter.  Yeah, Jeremy is great with people. He's a great talker. He's charming. But  you can also trust him early in the game.  I have no trust with him anymore.  I'm doing Natalie.  The tribe is acting in unison for tonight's vote, and even though Natalie is  the clear choice, it might not be everybody's clear choice. They can deal  with Natalie, so they're thinking long term who else do they want out? But I think  that because I don't like her so much, I don't care.  Can I have a minute with them?  Sure, go ahead.  I mean, privately, without you here. I just have--  that would make me--  i have something to ask about.  That would make h meantime to hear it.  You have been walking around whispering.  Can I have a conversation without you?  Not in the game of "Survivor."  can I see you for a minute, Kara.  You just alerted me.  You have been walking around whispering for an hour so I don't feel like you  need to be a part of my conversation, either.  Okay.  Guess what? I'm not just going to stand still and take the punch. I was a  softball player. [ laughs ] and I still play softball. I'm on a women's  softball team so, trust me, I can throw some low balls.  I just want to see what you are cooking up?  Didn't you recommend I should be scrambling?  I did recommend that.  All I ask is let my last two hours be cool. We already know what it is. I'm  not going to stress over it.  The next thing I come back and you're here like-- and you're throwing my name  out there.  I haven't thrown your name out. Where did you get that from. I said want I wanted  to have a conversation--  i don't know what you were saying.  What would I be saying other than asking them to reconsider.  Talking about me?  Why would I talk about you,ie, Jeremy.  I don't want my name to come up in not hot seat.  That's in your head. You're paranoid.  I am paranoid.  Don't worry. You're not in the hot seat. Do you think I feel okay about  leaving? No, I don't. It's just hard for me.  Natalie is a perfect blend of what I call incompetent and overconfident. So  she's now more than ever the obvious vote because she has nothing to offer.  Because what you just did just then is a clear example of why we get off on  the wrong foot because I was gog have a conversation with them, had nothing  to do with you, and you made it about you.  I'm sorry. I thought you said you were-- you watched "Survivor"  before. I realize now, you have never seen "Survivor" before. So I’m  operating on you--  you know what, Jeremy? The conversation is over. I'm not going to continue  going back and forth with you because you just-- it's all about Jeremy. So  cut it short. Behind each of you is a torch. Grab a torch, dip it in, and get  fire. This is part of the ritual at tribal council because in this game, fire  represents your life. And when your fire's gone, so are you. Angelina, was  there ever a time when you would watch "Survivor," and the rain is  coming down and the thunder cracks, and you go, "it probably didn't  really thunder. They probably added that in."  yeah, it doesn't get more real than being huddled in a shelter that you're  not sure is going to hold up, in a storm where you're not sure if a tree is  going to fall on you. We're wet all the time. When we get any semblance of  sunlight, it's look a small miracle has happened. But it makes us tougher  plays in the end.  Jeff: Mike, describe this.  I just remember at one point I’m lying in the mud, there's a cyclone going  on, and I have a little basket as my pillow. And I twist it a little ways and  I go, "this is more comfortable." and I go, "work my standards  have gone so low that I could actually think that's comfortable."  Jeff: And it's raining harder now than when we sat down just a few seconds  ago. Jeremy, what have these first nine days been like in terms of the tribe  dynamics?  Well, i'll say this, none of us really got along, and Natalie was kind of on  the outside of the social dynamic, because she's a little bit harder to deal  with.  Jeff: Natalie, surprised to hear Jeremy say your name?  Not at all. He's said it a few times so he seems to have me as his target  which I think is uncalled for, but it is what it is, Jeff.  To be clear, me and Natalie don't necessarily have a problem. Normally what happens  is Natalie and somebody else has a problem, so I told her, "hey, your  communication skills are poor." and the thing about Natalie that I don't  understand is how does she get to be 57 years old and do not know how to talk  with people? She's rude. She cuts people off. She really doesn't know how to  act. Now, anyone with common sense playing this game would say, "thanks,  bro. You gave me the heads up. Let me get my [bleep] together." not Natalie.  She doubles down and I just let her do it.  Jeff: Natalie, that is an example not of throwing somebody under the bus.  That was like a freeway of 18-wheelers just one after another after another.  This is the ceend of mentality that I’m dealing with. There's no way that you  can tell me that he couldn't have made this statement and been more  appropriate and had a more pleasant sound to his tone and his voice. This guy  is ridiculous. Talking about not being self-aware. You look it up in the  dictionary, you're going to see his face. Because this is how he speaks to people.   Natalie can think what she wants to think, but I guarantee if I died right  now they laid my body right there, nine of these people would be at my  funeral. If she died, I don't think you could say the same.  Thank you, Jeremy.  Jeff: Dan, could part of this be just two very different communication  styles?  Right, it's almost like she speaks down to people, and it may not be on  purpose. It may be what she does on a regular basis. She's a boss or  whatever, but we're not her employees.  And it would be lovely if somebody else has an opinion about this, because I’m  very open to constructive criticism.  Part of what makes "Survivor" so tough is the clash of how we're  trying to express ourselves. So for Natalie, she may feel that she's gist  being herself. But the way that it's perceived by others matters even more.  And I think from day one, it was-- everyone is trying to figure out their  role. Maybe Natalie just went a little too hard and set the tone for herself  day one.  And to build off what Alec is saying, you don't have a lot of time for second  chances. So if you come out the gate and make a mistake with your first  impression, you may have already dug your grave.  I'm just so impressed that i've been able to hold half of this tribal council  all about me. And I equally impressed if there is a blindside tonight and  that it's not me.  Okay.  Jeff: Natalia, it is interesting, when you're winning you don't deal with any  of this. You lose today and then it's tribal and it's, "okay, if it's Natalie,  what does that mean for tomorrow and the next day?"  you always have to think about what's to come. These are the people you're  going to be playing with along the way and you have to pick and choose the  right people who are going to get you furthest in the game.  Well, Jeff, I think it might be something for the tribe to consider they am  57 years old, senior citizen. Am I really a threat in the game. Versus  someone else --  Jeremy.  Jeremy. And who is a threat in the game.  But we are still a tribe game, so one, you have to use her in challenges,  and, two, its moment we have a tribe swap, she's leaving us behind. She's  never jelled with us.  Boy, you are mistaken. You are mistaken. I am speaking right now. I commit to  all nine of you if there's a tribe swap, I am Goliath strong. And here's the  fact, Jeff: Are there some learning lessons in here for me? Absolutely. Dan  pointed out not necessarily content but the delivery of the content. And I don't  have all of the answers. I have many of them. But someone barking down my  throat and in my face and on my head like this one has done, get out of town.   Jeff: John, so, as we get ready to vote what, is the criteria?  Ultimately, tonight's vote is about keeping the tribe strong. And the word  "strong" can mean a lot of different things. As far as we're  concerned, it means how are we going to move forward to take the Davids to  slamdown at the next challenge? Layo[ laughter ]  Jeff: It is time to vote. Layo[ laughter ]  Jeff: It is time to vote.  You talk that brother-sister love stuff, and you showed me no love. So that  stinging sensation you feel in your eyes right now, that's the Natalie  napalm. Get off of my island. By the way, your skin is gorgeous, darling.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes.  Jeff: If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now  would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are read, the decision is  final. Person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council  immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Natalie. Jeremy. Three votes Jeremy.  Jeremy. That's four votes Jeremy, one vote Natalie. Jeremy. Third person  voted out of "Survivor," Jeremy. That's six. That's enough. You  need to bring me your torch. Jeremy, the tribe has spoken.  Jeff: Well, the only down side to a perfectly executed blindside is now  everybody knows I could be next. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good  night. Captioning funded by cbs and ford. We go further, so you can.  Captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor": Just when you've reaching your  breaking point--  right now I feel like I’m in a desperate position.  Jeff: ...the game flips upside down. Everybody drop your buffs.  Switching tribes.  I have to go on a charm offensive, trying to bring around the charm  apocalypse.  I'm proud of the game I played, you know, and I’m proud of the connections I made.  Natalie, what I did for you was try to help you understand a little bit about  how you're being perceived. And if you received it, great. You know, I learned  more about who I am. So for me it's kind of a win. But if you gotta go home,  go home to a cold, rainy night.