<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor," despite winning the immunity  challenge, the David tribe had yet another setback.  I sprained my leg.  Jeff: The Goliath tribe was facing tribal council and Natalie was rubbing  some the wrong way.  Natalie is used to being the boss bitch.  Jeff: But Angelina saw a bigger problem.  Jeremy is a manipulator.  Jeff: At tribal council, Angelina got her way when the tribe voted  unanimously for Jeremy. Jeremy, the tribe has spoken. 17 are left. Who will  be voted out tonight. Captioning funded by cbs come on in, guys. Davids  getting your first look at the new Goliath tribe. Jeremy voted out at the  last tribal council.  Wow.  Jeff: All right. It's been a tough ten days. Bi, your knee is wrapped an  you're limping. What's going on with you?  I actually have to make a really sad announcement. I sprained my mcl  yesterday, and I’m an athlete, so I have made the decision to leave the game.   That's okay, bi.  That's okay.  I'm so sorry.  That's okay.  It's all right. You got to do what's best for you.  That's really sad.  It's okay.  Jeff: What's the emotion, Angelina?  We worked so hard to be out. It's a dream for most people, and to say I can't  move forward has to be one of the hardest decisions to make. I have respect  for her decision. I wish this wasn't one she had to make.  Jeff: Is it crazy when we this a season called David versus Goliath, it's not  the Goliaths that have somebody evacuated. It's not the Goliaths that have  somebody quit. It's the David tribe, one obstacle after another.  Yeah, Jeff, you know, we doubt ourselves here and, there but the thing about Davids  is our endurance. I think as a tribe, you know, this will continue to make us  stronger.  Jeff: So bi, when you go back home and you reflect on this experience, what  was it?  I mean, these are a band of misfits. I'm glad that I was forced to get to  know them, because they're amazing human being, every last one of them. I  know they're going to rock it. But sad to say it won't be with me.  Jeff: All right. Bi has made her decision. Bi is quitting the game. Grab your  stuff. Head down to the water's edge. We'll grab a boat for you, pick you up.   Great work, bi. Really.  Jeff: All right. Another unpredictable moment in what so far has been an  unpredictable season that is about to have another unpredictable twist.  Everybody drop your buffs.  Oh, my God. I freakin' knew it, Jeff.  Jeff: We are switching tribes.  Let's play this game, baby.  Hearing "drop your buffs" is terrifying to some, but then to me it  was like, now it's really time to play the game. I'm here for the part when  it's time to backstab and lie and turn other people against each other. That  devil is Davie. I'm ready to do all that.  Jeff: All right. Everybody reveal your new bluffs.  Purple.  Purple.  Orange.  I have a new color.  Purple.  Purple.  Jeff: As you start to open them, you will see there is a third color.  Green.  Jeff: We are switching from two tribes to three.  The most disappointing part for me was watching Kara open hers. I was like,  what is her, what is mine. Oh, that was rough.  Carl ain't got one.  Jeff: And if you don't have a buff, it means you don't have a tribe. Carl,  that is you. If you're on the orange tribe, move to the orange mat. If you're  on the purple tribe, move to the purple mat. If you are green, go in the  middle. Carl. You don't have a buff. Come right over here.  Angelina.  Natalia.  It will be great. We'll have a good time.  Slam town.  Jeff: All right. The obvious first reaction is the Goliaths have the  advantage in every single tribe. Let's start with the orange tribe. Your name  now is Vuku. We have three former Goliaths. We have Natalia, Kara and Alec.  We have two former David, Davie and Elizabeth. In the middle, the green  tribe, your tribe name, teva.  Yeah.  Jeff: And we have three former Goliaths with John, dan, and Alison, and two  former Davids with Christian and Gabby. Down on the purple tribe, your name  is jibini, the same breakdown, three former Goliath, Natalie, Mike, and Angelina,  and two former Davids with Lyrsa, hands on her hip, and Nick. That brings us  to you, Carl. Here's what's going to happen to you. You're going to exile  island.  Wow, wow.  Jeff: You will return to the game at the next tribal council, joining the  tribe that loses the next immunity challenge and has to vote somebody out. So  whoever loses gets Carl as their replacement. Carl, grab your stuff, head  down the beach. Boat is waiting. There is man -- map to exile.  Good luck, Carl.  Jeff: All right. En the days in. Once again the game has changed. Vuku,  jibini, grab your stuff, head back to camp. Teva, new beach, no shelter,  starting over. Here's a map to your new home.  Thank you. &gt;&gt;.  Jeff: You're welcome.  Basically the entire tribe system has been gerrymandered against the Davids.  That's not good. We were only down 9-7, but Carl is off on an island, and  everyone is evenly distributed into a minority. So the Davids are  collectively in a lot of trouble.  No way.  This is so sick.  This is so much better.  We have chairs. We got hammocks.  You guys are so happy.  Our camp sucks compared to this.  When Jeff said drop your buffs, I was like, this could be trouble.  Fortunately for us, we got three Goliaths, so myself, Kara and Natalia, and  then two David, Davie and Elizabeth. So we have the numbers. So I’m super  psyched about that.  I'm married. I have three kids.  You cheer?  I'm retired. I'll cheer for us.  We have a really strong tribe.  We don't have to worry about anything else, just win.  This is really messed up. Every single tribe has Goliath as the majority. So  that absolutely changes our strategy.  I'm stoked with this new tribe, bro.  Me, too man.  We're all finds cal.  We have a great balance.  We got the figure out a way to get in with these Goliaths. I'm ashamed to say  I haven't befriended too many caucasians. It's in the that I haven't wanted  to, but i've just been around black people my whole life, but I am black  nerd. Like I drive a freakin' p.t. Cruiser. I'm the black guy that white  people love to approach, hey, nice car. So hopefully i'll be able to fit in.  I'm nothing like the rest of my family. They're not redneck like I am.  I was extremely conservative.  I was raised really Christian. I think faith is so important to have out  here.  For sure. I was literally quoting scripture in my head the whole boat ride  over here. They have us outnumbered, so getting out of this alive is going to  be hard, but I’m not afraid of hard work. It's definitely time to pull out  all the stops. I'm going to do everything I can to find common ground.  I used to have horses and train horses.  Did you ever compete?  I used to when I was little?  Western pleasure?  Saddle seat.  No way, so you had the same english getup that I did in.  Yes.  That's hilarious, man.  The long coat.  And the top hat. That's awesome.  My first horse was an arabian. Then we got a seattle bred.  That's awesome.  I loved it.  I wish I had a reports.  Yeah.  Careback my best ally in this game, my most important ally in this game, is  getting along with Elizabeth way too much. They have too many things in  common. I'm getting nervous. I'm like, these too are way too close and I’m not  okay with it.  How are you feeling?  I'm not going to lie. I'm scared, because you guys have a lot in common. I  don't want you to flip on me.  Oh,, no I’m trying to make camp life easy. You know me, I’m so loyal to you  guys. All of a sudden Natalia is nervous. She's worried I might jump ship. It  concerns me. She's freaked out that I would flip on Elizabeth. I would never  flip. What would be the point of that. There is nothing that needs to be  questioned.  It would not make sense.  I'm not surprised at all. I knew that for whatever reason it's hard for her  to trust people. But we have a fool-proof plan. Screwing this up would be  dumb.  Hell, I’m stuck here on exile island. Nobody to talk to. Of course, e-mail a  truck driver, so i've been alone, but I’m able to pick up the phone or stop  at a truck stop and go talk to somebody or what not. So as far as being on  exile, I have never been alone like this before. Oh, boy. From a tree by a  rocky point I fell and rolled through the sand and now here I am, soon to be  washed away with the tide. If you catch me in time and recognize my mark,  your time on exile will be worth it. A tree. As I read the riddle, it started  coming to me this a coconut that was in the ocean by the shore might have an  advantage inside of it. So I immediately get up and run to the beach. So I immediately  get up and run to the beach. Once I get out there, I see that there's tons  and tons of coconuts. So I start going crazy trying to gather as many  coconuts as I could. This ocean ain't nothing to play with. I'm getting  bashed around the rocks by waves. And I can't find that damn coconut to save  my life. It's like a needle in a haystack, but there's nothing that i've ever  done in life that I just said I quit. And then I see it. Wow.  Congratulations. You have found an advantage in the game. This is an idol  nullifier. It blocks the use of an idol by any other player. Here's how it  works: You will lay this in secret when you vote at tribal council. Write the  name of the person you want to block from using an idol. If an idol is played  for them, this advantage will nullify the idol. Sweet. So this is the  nullifier. If I guess correctly who is playing an idol, I can play this  nullifier, put their name down, and that idol basically becomes null and  void. I guess I never thought coming to exile would be rewarding. Finding  this advantage is huge, but I have the play it in the right manner. So when  the time comes, I’m going to use this nullifier just like the sling that shot  Goliath in between the eyes and took him out.  Welcome,.  Welcome.  I'm Natalie.  Nick, nice to meet you.  I feel like this new tribe is the Davids of the Davids of the Davids. I think  everyone on the jibini tribe would be the last five wer teams, and we're all  now on one tribe. I'm going to be seeing tribal council a lot the next couple  days. So you're a screenwriter?  I am.  Stuff we've seen before?  People know me from the movie "school of rock."  i knew it!  It feels weird to have the Davids in my camp. I want them gone.  I didn't feel like going through the whole introduction and getting to know  them, because the Goliaths are still in control. We have the numbers.  So Nick would you and Angelina start the fire, and if you don't mind, the pot  is looking a little --  i think Natalia cleaned it this morning but i'll go down and too it.  The priority is to get the fire doing, because once the sun falls, if you  don't have your things in order, you just won't have them for the night.  There you go. There you go. Okay. You got to put some wood. You got the feed  it right away orit's going to go out. See how fast it's going. Put that linen  by your hand, your right hand, pick up that linen piece by your right hand.  Put that on there. That burns quickly.  The typical Natalie style is to kind of sit on her throne, look at her  peasants and tell them what to do.  Keep feeding it, Angelina. You have to blow. Feed with it the small pieces of  wood, the real thin ones. See how it's sitting on the side. Like that. I  think we need a couple of bigger pieces that are thick. I don't think so, Nick.  How about that white one over there, Nick? Angelina, this is your fire. Keep  feeding it.  Yep.  It wasn't a few hours into this tribe where I saw a crack, and its name was Natalie.  So even though Natalie is bossiness is tough to listen to, it's almost like  sweet music to my ears, because I know it's not just tough on me, it's tough  on everybody.  She drives me crazy.  Yeah.  You feel like she could go next?  It's a longer conversation. We'll have to talk about it.  Well, I get a good vibe for from you for sure.  I get a good vibe from you.  My initial goal was try not to play too fast or too hard, because that's what  I love to do. I know a there is no way a David is going to win this game only  playing with Davids. I see the opportunity to build a relationship with a  ghiet.  I'd love to start an alliance.  I'd love that.  Okay. Awesome.  I really like Nick. He seems very unpretentious, very salt of the earth.  You want to name the alliance.  Wouldn't that be awesome?  Let's take a second to think about it, then we'll have to come up with a good  one.  I was thinking the rock stars, if you like it? We can do it.  All right.  So I’m happy that we created that bond.  You really don't think anyone on your side has an idol?  I really don't.  The person who has an idol on my side is dan.  You're pretty sure?  I know he does.  Nothing would make me happenner with than if this rock star alliance bore  fruit. But I have more at risk than he does. The Goliaths do have the  numbers. We'll see if we can live up to that alliance. The rock stars.  You need me to brace it any way or just stay out of your swinging radius  here? There is a different vibe when you have thee of these stereotypical Goliaths  with us. When John just swings his machete and just sort of smashes through  this piece of bamboo, that's a new thing. That's not how I chop bamboo,  that's just a stylistic difference.  Christian, let me help you.  I will walk and learn.  You want to chop things at an angle.  Christian, he wants to help. He wants to be involved. At the same time, he's  willing to put down that ego and listen to other people, which is great.  I got first part right. Now i'll rotate a little bit. I'm doing whatever I can  in order to contribute as much as I can, but at the same time, I have to make  sure I’m at the top of my social game, so I got to go on a charm offensive  here, and that's really understating it. I really need sort of charm nuclear  warfare, so time to bring about the charm pocolyps.  I was curious about slam town.  Slam town is the place I say I’m going to take my wrestling opponents some  slam town is populated by people who you have slammed?  Christian is a quickie guy? I for sure have a ton of quickieness in me. I  have a confident public per sew nap. I'm used to performing in front of  thousands of people, but sometimes in smaller groups like this. I do get a  little bit awkward. I run out of things to say, self-doubt, insecurity,  alittle bit of social awkwardness, for sure I got, that big time.  So I was mostly curious about the availability of a comptroller position.  We're constantly fielding interviews.  You have a portal?  I don't have access to it.  I already feel like Christian has a special bond with his dude bros. It makes  me worry a little bit about my place on the tribe. I always struggle knowing  that people probably like me but having that little voice of self-doubt that  says, well, what if they don't. I'm not happy with how things turned out.  Give yourself a little time. You're doing okay.  I don't know.  Whoa, whoa, whoa. Whoa, whoa. We're together. You're doing fine. You're doing  fine. You're doing fine.  I feel like I’m on the bottom.  I'm afraid to open up to people. They're so intim dating. You're doing great.  You're so charming. I feel like if we lose I’m going to go.  Gabby and I are peas in a pod. We're in this together. When I am at my low,  she's strong. When she's at her low, I’m strong. I'm there to dry her tears.  I'm there to try to keep her head in the game.  I do much better with vulnerable people and weirdoes. I don't well around  like these Goliaths.  They have their vulnerability, too, they just don't like the show it.  I feel like Christian is so much better at being charming and being likable  and being himself. And I envy him for that. I just feel like they're the cool  kids at the lunch table. An I’m standing there asking if I can sit with them.  Right now I feel like the only person I can lean on is Christian, and I don't  know if that's enough. I feel like I’m in a desperate position because I’m scared  of going home.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. Let's get to your first immunity challenge  as new tribes. First things first, carback -- Kara, got to take back the  idol. Once again immunity is back up for grabs. And today two tribes will win  immunity. Here's how it works. For today's challenge, one person will be your  caller. They will sit on a Survivor driving wheel while two blindfolded tribe  members push them through a series of obstacles retrieving a ball along the  way. When you reach the finish, the caller will guide two more blindfolded  tribe members as they attempt to maneuver that ball through a table maze.  First two tribes to finish win immunity. In addition you're playing for  reward.  Oh, yeah.  Jeff: Today's reward is a winner-take-all. Only the first tribe to finish  gets it, and I think you're going the like it. Brownies, pastry, coffee and a  "Survivor" drip, iced coffee if you prefer. Last tribe to finish,  tribal council where somebody will be the fifth person voted out and  immediately get Carl as their new tribe member, a lot going on. Give you a  minute to strategize. We'll get started. All right. Here we go. For immunity  and reward for the first tribe to finish, Survivors ready? Go!  To the right, to the right, to the right.  Jeff: Everybody out quickly through the first obstacle. Green, teva, making  quick work of it. Purple right on their tail. It is green and purple. You're  through the first phase. Orange really struggling. The Vuku tribe with Kara as  the caller taking a long time through the easiest part of this course. It is  now teva and now dan's got to climb over.  I got it.  Stop, stop.  Jeff: This is where communication is key. It is Kara leading Alec and Davie.  Hard right.  Back up. Turn right.  Jeff: Gabby talking to John and dan. Angelina talking to Nick and Natalie,  trying the maneuver around the corner without falling off. If your feet  touch, you've got to go back.  Straight, straight, straight. There's a pole here on the right.  Natalie, you okay?  Angelina, Natalie, and Nick are stuck.  Tell us what to do.  Stop, stop, stop.  Jeff: Kara picking up the pace for Vuku in orange. Green is through the  second phase.  Straight.  Jeff: Gabby continues to do a nice job as caller. Here comes Kara with Davie  and alice doing the pushing. They are through the second phase now. Gabby now  getting to the last part of the third stage. You have to untie the bag  containing the ball that will solve the table maze. If Angelina could just  get through this second phase, they can get back in it.  We're going to go off the ramp.  Jeff: Two tribes are winning immunity. The reward is the bonus, but what you  want is immunity.  Straight, straight, straight.  Jeff: You're good! Gabby is through all three phases for teva.  Yes!  Jeff: Gabby is going to lead Christian and Alison through the table maze.  So your going to go to the left side. Alison down. Go straight a little bit.  Jeff: Kara getting closer to that ball, finishing the third section.  Watch out for that pole. We're through. We're through this part.  Jeff: Purposele is through the third phase, but they're heading the wrong  direction. Once again costing them time.  What are we doing? It's costing us time.  Natalie, stay calm.  Okay.  Jeff: Kara sits down. She has the bag with the ball. Got to get across that  finish.  Go.  Jeff: You're good! Kara can now move oned to table maze. Finally purple is on  the final beam.  Okay. We are at a tricky part now. Go to the left. Do not do anything other  than go to the left.  Jeff: It is green in the lead on the maze. Orange right on their tail.  Pull forward.  Jeff: Angelina, Natalie and Nick trying the stay in it.  Wait. Guys. If we can stay straight, we got this.  What's under my foot?  Your foot is fine.  Jeff: If they drop off this beam, they have to go back.  Stop. Stop right here.  Jeff: Angelina has done a great job not giving up. Gabby continues to  patiently lead Christian and Alison.  Both pull up. Yep.  Jeff: Kara doing a nice job with Elizabeth and Natalia. Angelina has the  ball. She's got to get across that last line.  Push, push. Push, push.  Jeff: You're good. Go!  Now to the right.  Jeff: This is all about tribe communication. Green continues to make great  progress on the maze. Orange right on their tail. Angelina has the ball in  the maze. Purple now can get into it. Purple has got to make up some time  quickly.  You're going to go to the right and forward.  Jeff: Teva and green very close now on this maze. They're in the final  section. They've just got to drop that ball in that little hole.  Where's Alison?  Watch out.  Jeff: Orange drops and has to start over. A huge setback for orange. That is  the break purple needed. It is now purple in second. It would be an amazing  comeback.  Stop, stop.  Jeff: Gabby trying the use that finness, that final move is so tough on this  table maze.  It's there, it's there, it's there!  Jeff: There it is. Teva pulls it off. Tel avivy wins immunity and a huge  reward. One more immunity up for grabs. A nice move by purple. Gets them  within striking distance. It would be a huge win for the tribe that everybody  thought were the underdogs to come out and win immunity out of the gate would  send a big signal that they are here to play. Another nice move by purple.  They are now in the final section. Car cra with a nice move for orange.  We need to go right and then forward.  Perfect, perfect.  Jeff: In and out for purple.  Natalia, go. Pull!  Jeff: Big move by orange.  Natalia down a little bit. Right, right, right.  Jeff: very close there. All around it. Can't get it to drop. Opening the door  for orange to slowly gain on them. Orange is now through to the final  section. Purple has been unable to close the deal, and we now have a  showdown.  Right, right, right, right.  Jeff: Both tribes with their ball in the last section of the table maze.  Which one will get it to drop first?  Through.  Wait, wait, wait.  Go to the rights.  Right there, right there, right there.  Oh, my God.  Natalia, down. Stop, stop. Forward. Forward. We're almost there.  Jeff: Purple does it! Jibini wins immunity, sending Vuku to tribal council.  Wow. That was close.  You guys did such a good job.  Jeff: Teva, nice win out of the gate. Immunity. Big reward for teva as well.  We'll be waiting for you back at camp. Jibini, congratulations. Jibini, grab  your stuff, head back to camp. Enjoy the night off.  Thank you.  Thanks, Jeff.  Jeff: All right, Vuku, grab your stuff, head back to camp. See you tonight at  tribal where somebody will be the fifth person voted out of the game, you  will then inherit Carl, which will bring you back the five members.  The immunity challenge didn't go as planned, but we have three Goliaths and  two Davids. Tonight's tribal council is really just pick Davie or Elizabeth.  I'm sorry, you guys.  It's all right.  Honestly, if I was calling, we would have still been at the first part.  I don't think I would have stayed that calm.  I thought we had the best chance of winning. I was shocked that we lost.  Coming back from the challenge, I was thinking, now that we lost, it's a  50/50 chance I could be going home, so it's real disheartening, but I’m not  quitting yet, even though I’m outnumbered. You're not going to get rid of me  that easy. So I’m like, get you butt in gear and go try to find that idol.  Elizabeth was like, David, we have to go right now, I think I know where the  idol is. She doesn't know where the idol, is because I have the idol. I've  had it since day five.  They're going to be united. I don't trust them as far as I can throw them. It  would be my vote to get rid of Natalia.  That works for me.  Elizabeth wants to try to get rid of Natalia. But my gut is telling me those  three Goliaths are solid right now. Luckily with my idol I do have a safety  net, but I don't want the use that this early in the game.  I don't know, man, it's looking like plan "b." as soon as you guys  went down, there she took off. She's like, David, I got to go, I think I know  where the idol is. There was nothing there. He thinks that me and her are  still together. Our plan is find the idol. That's not going to happen. Plan  "b" was to vote you out because she doesn't trust you.  She's a threat.  I know. I already knew she was a threat. And I don't want you guys to feel  like I’m just telling you all this information because I’m desperate.  No, no, no.  I'm trying to work with you guys.  All right. Awesome.  If there was any doubt who needs to go, it's gone. Elizabeth is a threat to  me. She's getting close to Kara, my ally. She's also talking about voting me  out. So I’m like, get this girl out. She needs to go.  It's time to turn this game on its head. I need somebody that's smart on this  side, so in order to win this game, you have to have a resume, if you choose  to stay with the fliets, you got a lot of muscle and a lot of brain to go  through.  Yeah.  Without an idol, I need to flip was on those Goliaths. I feel like alex might  be my better option. If you were to vote out one of the Goliaths, that could  be you saying, hey, I led that charge, I had the balls enough to jump ship.  Yeah.  It's hard for me, because if I were to make a move and flip, that says a lot  to the people on the other tribes. And I kind of show my cards.  I'm willing to do anything honestly. Or even if we just vote out Davie.  So you would just put Davie.  Yeah. I'll put Davie. Alex is very care informal what he says oar what he  doesn't say. I don't know what's going on inside his head. At this point to  save my as, it became clear I had the write Davie's name down tonight.  Here's what I was thinking about. If we vote Davie out, I’m just saying,  weighing our options --  it's worse for her to stay in the game. She would be pretending to work us  with. Davie, we can mold him to work with us and he'll bring in Carl because  they're on the outs, they don't have any other people.  No matter what, we still have the majority.  It's good to think through things.  For sure.  In my opinion, Davie is a bigger threat. But Natalia, she has to have it her  way, so I feel like I’m not having my opinion heard.  I just want to know, we have each other's trust, right?  Yes.  Do you think or no?  Yeah, I agree.  I think --  i need confirmation, Alec. I just freak out if I don't hear it.  I get the feeling that Natalia doesn't really trust me, which makes working  with her difficult. So I don't know. It's tough.  Davie, do you swear your with us?  Yeah.  Because if you don't vote with us, you have no future in this game. So you're  going to vote for her, right?  Yeah.  You two shut up.  She doesn't need to bully Davie into voting.  I know.  She thinks she's so smart.  All three of them together don't seem as tight as they want us to think they  are. So now I’m wondering if Alec might listen to another plan.  You think this is the right moment. , bro? I just want to make sure.  Elizabeth wants to vote for Natalia.  Voting out Natalia, it's a big risk, but the thing is, Natalia is really  bossy. She's been barking orders at camp. And honestly, it's pissing me off.  You totally trust these girls, right?  I'm with you. Is you get a funny feeling during tribal, you need to make some  eye contact with me and let me know.  I have to make a decision, do I stick with the numbers and get rid of licks,  or do I make a big move? The thing is if I flip, Carl will come back and then  the Davids would have the numbers. So I don't know. It's exactly like  surfing. If you're paddling for a wave and you're not fully committed, you'll  probably go over the falls, and this could blow up my entire game. So I got  to think about what I’m going to do, and it's going to be something that happens  on the spot at tribal.  Jeff: We'll now bring in Carl returning from exile island. Carl will be  listening in and then going back to camp after tribal council. So close  immunity challenge. You guys lost. You get back the camp. You have flee  dplieeths and only two Davids. Natalia, was it clear it would be an easy  vote, it's Davie or it's Elizabeth.  Exactly. Obviously the three Goliaths needed to chat, to see where our heads  are at. We did.  How concerned are you, Elizabeth?  I'm concerned, man. I was about ready to poop my pants today, not going the  lie. I'm hoping that they'll throw me a bone, because of my character and the  fact that I’m loyal and once you get me on your side, I’m there for the long  haul.  Jeff: Davie, did you try to plead your case today?  Yeah, absolutely, Jeff. Listen, licks got three kids, family, she didn't come  from much. She's got a good story if she makes it to the final tribal. She  could beat 'em all. Also, she's got a lot of friends on the other side. I was  blindsided on the first vote.  Jeff: Boy, Elizabeth, Davie's game is very clear, throw you under the bus  with every comment that he can.  Yeah, pretty much.  Jeff: Natalia, has the game kicked full in or are we still hovering around  it?  No, the game has started. I mean, when you have a tribe of five people and  you lose, you got to start playing. And to be honest with you, Jeff, I’m excited  to play this game. I'm excited to come to tribal and experience everything  that I can. I mean, if I go home tonight, guns ablazing, I’m happy.  Jeff: Elizabeth, that is the mark of the modern "Survivor" player,  which is if I go down, I want to burn out rather than fade away.  Jeff: Yeah, you got to start playing the win from the moment you first get  your buff. That includes tonight. You got to be willing to have some balls  and make big moves. You can't just make the simple, easy moves and have a  resume at the end of the game.  Jeff: Natalia, that is the best thing Elizabeth could ever say in this  situation at tribal is to push the big move and say one of you guys should do  something.  Elizabeth, not going the lie, is desperate, but how the one "Survivor"  is making big moves. It's just deciding when to make those wig moves.  And you can wait until it's too late and figure out later, I should have made  a move then. I think tonight will be a huge determining factor in who will be  sitting at that final tribal council. Be sitting at that final tribal  council.  Jeff: Natalia, what do you make of this?  I don't like that at all.  I'm just making sure everyone's on the same page.  No. I want to know what happened.  I think it's uneasy because we had a plan going into it.  We had a plan, and him doing that is totally nothing to do with the plan.  I trust him.  I'm good.  Jeff: Natalia, it's as if you're processing it behind your eyes. Is that  tension near trying to figure out what this could mean.  Yes, it is. I'm not okay with what happened right now.  It's the same thing, right?  Yes.  Jeff: Davie, nobody talked to you.  No one talked to me. I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing. But  I guess we're about to see.  Jeff: Elizabeth, this is "Survivor."  sure enough is.  Jeff: This is what you dream about.  When you're sitting on the couch, it's exciting to watch. When you're sitting  right here, it's not so much exciting, it's like --.  Jeff: Reassuring going on.  Let's go.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Natalia, you're up.  I'm just going to be real with you. I don't trust you and I don't know what  happened.  I really don't know what just happened. So sorry.  Jeff: I’m go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want the play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote Elizabeth.  Davie. Natalia. That's one vote Elizabeth, one vote Davie, one vote Natalia.  Natalia. That's two votes Natalia, one vote Elizabeth, one vote Davie, one  vote left. Fifth person voted out of "Survivor," Natalia. You need  to bring me your torch.  I knew it. I knew I couldn't trust you.  I'm sorry.  Don't be sorry. Shut up.  Where do I put this?  Jeff: Natalia, the tribe has spoken.  Did you know?  Me? No.  Why are you smiling? Oh, my God. I can't handle you right now.  It's a game.  Jeff: Well, it doesn't matter the number of days into the game or the number  of people on a tribe, there's always an opportunity for a big move. Grab your  torch, head back to camp. Carl, a buff will be waiting for you become at  camp.  Yes, sir. Captioning funded by cbs captioned by media access group at wgbh  access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," there's nowhere to run.  I trust my gut.  Alex mind sided me. This was not supposed to happen.  Jeff: Nowhere to hide.  She has a master's in ungraciousness.  I'm ready for Survivor without Natalie.  Jeff: Because the storm is coming. That's the Goliath.  I'm just upset because I knew the second we got to this tribe there was a  shift in Alec. I should have went with my gut and I did not go with my gut. I  think I should have made a big move and continuously make a big move and I played  a stupid game tonight. I'm just pissed. I want to hurt him so bad.