<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor": Everybody drop your buffs.  Oh, my God. I freaking knew tJeff!  Yeah!  Jeff: The Goliaths had the advantage of three new tribes.  The Davids are collectively in a lot of trouble.  Jeff: While Carl was the odd man out. You're going to exile island.  Wow.  Jeff: At exile island, Carl found an advantage. The Vuku tribe was facing  tribal council. The Goliaths were in charge. But Alec considered betraying  one of his own. At tribal council, Alec made a big move.  I don't like that at all.  Jeff: ...when he voted out Natalia. Natalia, the tribe has spoken. And Carl  jownd the Vuku tribe. 15 are left. Who will be voted out tonight? Captioning funded  by cbs  Carl I’m Kara.  Nice to pete you.  Nice to meet you.  Nice to meet you.  How was exile.  It was horrible.  Really?  Yeah, it was horrible.  Leaving the tribal council, I feel naked. I feel exposed. I feel like this  was not supposed to happen. Alec blindsided me. He backstabbed Natalia, and  he full on blew it. If you want to make a big move, like, don't do it now.  Like I said, just do it, just do it.  Yeah, which is awesome.  So I did it.  You have awesome trust with them. I'm worried about where does it leave me?  Right, you and I are still together?  Do you promise.  100%. What's done is done, and I trust my gut.  Okay, let's move forward, keep winning--  you got it.  I have to figure out how am I going to get in the good grace of Davids, because  Alec is the knight in shining armored that saved all three of them and I was  the one who was blindsided upon so I have some scrambling to do. [ thunder ]  the light shining on the ocean there.  Oh, yeah.  That's awesome!  Ever since the swap, i've been super worried about my place in the tribe, but  feeling the sun right now honestly feels like a great sign for the future.  It's a breath of fresh air. But I’m scared it could be taken away from me at  any moment. And here come the clouds.  Oh, no! Go away!  Seriously, what the hell.  Wind and rain, wind and rain.  It's going to blow right over.  Yeah, that's what I’m hoping, it's just one big gray cloud. [ hurnd ]  i love the weather! I'm just happy to be here, and I’m talking about living.  So when you're living, you have another opportunity to experience it however  it comes. This is a beautiful thing. I think we need to go.  It's really going.  Guys, get one of those tarpz. We have to cover the fire.  Ah!  The elements have been crazy. Like, we can't even make a fire. All the wood  is wet. We can't eat rice. We can't do nothing. I mean, this is the real  deal. We're not playing "Survivor" this season. [ thunder ]  an hour ago, we were enjoying the sun, and then clouds blew over. It got real  windy. We started getting pelted with sand and rain. Everything is soaking  wet, and everyone is freezing. And now there is a river of water that is  going through the bottom of our shelter. It's completely flooded. From the  beginning of the game, we've sat through rain and crazy weather. But this is  undeniably crazier than anything we've seen. This is a very serious  situation.  Right!  Tree mail!  "good morning, Vuku. The weather continues to impact the the game. A  massive storm is set to hit the islands in the next several hours. For your  safety, we're going to evacuate you from your island. You will return to the  game as soon as weather permits. Jeff."  holy crap!  Tree mail says that there's a strong cyclone coming our way, and they're  going to have to evacuate us from the island. It's about to destroy our camp!  This is crazy, man! I'm ready to go. Get my black ass out of here!  This is certainly the craziest season that I can remember in terms of every  single element of this game so far has been fraught with some kind of crazy  catastrophe. But this is really serious. Clearly, Jeff is so scared, in this  case, he wants us out of the area entirely. We're all Davids today. That's  the Goliath.  oh, my gosh!  Wow, guys.  Holy crap.  Man!  <br/>Yeah.  We get back from being evacuated, and our shelter is obliterated. There is  nothing left standing. And had any of us been inside of that, I mean, it  would have been game over, for sure.  We come back to camp, and I think everyone's mood immediately was like oh, God.  Now this. It looked like a bomb went off. It was just leaves everywhere,  trees had fallen over. It's pretty intense. It's pretty intense.  We'll split a couple of bamboos, fix the floor.  It might be worth adding one more beam here, because then we can lay these a  little bit better across.  Sounds good to me.  I feel like I have lived a lifetime out here on the island of fiji. Two  cyclones, a medical evacuation, a person quitting. I mean, it just speaks to  the crazy nature of this game. It is moving at a lightning fast speed, and it's  up to us to keep up.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! Tiva and Jabeni, getting your first look at the new Vuku  tribe. Natalia voted out at the last tribal council.  Oooh.  Wow.  Jeff: Carl has joined the tribe.  Wow.  Jeff: Been a busy couple of days. Turbulent weather and based on your  reactions, turbulent game play. But you are all safe and sound, and the game  is back on. Shall we get to your reward challenge [ applause ].  Yes!  Get it!  Jeff: For today's challenge, you're going to use poles to knock sandbags out  of an overhead net. Once you have all your sandbags, you'll use a giant  slingshot to hit two targets. First two tribes to finish win reward. I know  you want to know what you're playing for.  Yes.  Oh, yeah, baby.  Jeff: After 14 very tough "Survivor" days, time for something a  little more substantial.  Yes, Jeff.  Chickens! &gt;[ applause ].  Eggs!  Everyone loves eggs.  Jeff: Four egg-laying hens, one rooster for the first tribe to finish. For  the second tribe to finish, a dozen eggs courtesy of the egg-laying hens. [  applause ] last tribe to finish, nothing but a return back to camp where you  will probably be rebuilding your shelter. A lot at stake. "Survivor"  is book on. Give you a minute to strategize. We'll get started. All right,  here we go. For reward, Survivors ready? Go! It is Dan and John. It is Mike  and Nick. And it is aland he can Davie.  Go, go, go!  Jeff: Trying to pop these sandbags out of this net. Dan and John doing a nice  job. That is how you do it right there. One pop at a time knocking the  sandbags out.  Doing a great job!  Jeff: Nick and Mike getting a little momentum. Another nice hit by Mike. Nick  knocks another one out. Alec doing a great job for Vuku. Davie-- I’m not sure  what Davie is doing. John has the last one for Tiva! Tiva can start putting  them in the basket now. Tiva in the early lead. Gotta get all your bags in  the basket.  Go, dan, go, dan!  Jeff: Dan now untying knots trying to release his slingshot. Nick trying to  get out the last one for Jabeni. He's got it! Let's go, Jabeni. Got to get  all your bags in the basket. Vuku has their last bag! Vuku can start  collecting bags. It is going to be Lyrsa untying the knot for Jabeni. It is  now Carl untying knots for Vuku. Dan has his slingshot untied. Lyrsa has made  up a lot of ground. She's got the slingshot free. Here comes Angelina. Dan  with the first shot. Just misses. Angelina now for Jabeni. She just misses.  Keep going! You're right on it!  Jeff: Carl has the slingshot free for Vuku. Alec comes in. He can start  firing.  Loarks lower!  Jeff: Alec with one shot scores the first for Vuku. Vuku has one target left.  Tiva had the early lead. But Dan cannot connect. Elisabeth for the win right  here. No. Everybody starting to get zoned in now. Angelina, she's got it! Vuku  and Jabeni both have one target left. For the win. Nick, no.  That was right there!  Jeff: Elisabeth for the win right here. And she's got it! [ cheers ] Vuku  wins reward!  Jeff: Looking for one more!  You got it, dan!  Jeff: It has been dan, the only person to fire for Tiva, and he finally gets  it. We're tied 1-1. John comes in. It's a showdown right now between David  and Goliath. John for the win for Tiva.  Oh!  Jeff: Just misses.  You hit rim! You hit rim.  This is it! I feel it! I feel it!  Jeff: Nick for the win. And he's got it! Jabeni wins reward, a dozen eggs.  Leaving Tiva empty-handed heading back to camp with nothing.  Sunny side up!  Jeff: Vuku, nice job. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. Your chickens will  be waiting for you when you get there. [ applause ] Jabeni, congratulations.  Grab your stuff, head back to camp. Your eggs will be waiting for you when  you get there.  Thank you.  Jeff: Teef agrab your stuff, head back to camp. Got nothing for you.  Some of the Tiva tribe has been very confident about our ability to win, but  if we had been that overconfident before an immunity challenge and lot of, my  butt could be on the line.  we're pumped. Vuku tribe has won their first challenge, and we won some  freaking chickens. I'm so excited. Elisabeth is from kentucky. We're going to  have kentucky chicken tonight. Everybody needs a little k.b.c.  Last night, Alec's decision was an absolute disaster. It's now three Davids  and two Goliaths. So at this point, I don't have a choice but to throw Alec  under the bus.  Because those other guys are strong.  Will you take me? I need you guys as much as you need me.  We're good.  Cool.  I'm loving this.  I just plan on turning on my social charm as much as possible, and  out-charming Alec. I had trust in Alec, but how am I supposed to trust him  moving forward?  Exactly, especially when he didn't keep you in the loop with what was going  on.  I trust you guys way more than I trust Alec.  I want to trust Kara, but I still sense that she would rather work with the Goliaths  than with the Davids. I do not get that sense when I’m talking with Alec.  I mean, he's, like, in a decent place I think with all the Goliaths.  Until this has happened.  Right, yeah. Now he has to go do major damage control.  Going forward, Alec is going to need me way more than Kara, and we need to be  weighing loyalty. We need to be weighing numbers. We have the power to for  sure get rid of a Goliath. So it's obvious to me she's the one who needs to  be home.  Me, too.  Congratulations on wur win.  Yeah.  Our win.  Good job, everybody.  Oh, my gosh! I couldn't have dreamt of a better reward prize. As a  vegetarian, eggs are one of my main sources of protein. I eat them almost  every day back home, and I haven't had a lick of protein in two weeks. And so  winning the eggs was just my dream come true.  I think we should boil them all today.  Oh, God.  We've got to eat all the eggs today?  No, if we keep them in something that is not that exposed to the sun--  in this kind of weather, tomorrow morning they're shot. How long do you  think?  Maybe a day or two.  Like I said, by this time tomorrow.  They're not going to go bad.  It's only two eggs each. It's not a big deal, right?  Oh my God! It's like I really don't get this woman. I just don't get it, how  someone can be so egotistical in a situation like this. Sheemented to cook  all the eggs. And that would be great if you have somewhere to storage the  eggs. I went to culinary school, and I graduated magna cum laude. So I know  what I’m talking about.  Time to get some wood.  She's has, like, a masters in ungraciousness.  All right, i'll be back.  I just want to make it to the merge. [ laughs ] that's all. I just don't want  to play with her. I'm so sorry, Mike.  I don't want to play with her, either, are you kidding? I've had nine more  days of this than you. Natalie's hijinks get old. She puts a target on her  back. Whenever the tribe is trying to make an important decision, Natalie's  voice is the loudest and the most intractable. And it just starts to wear on  your nerves. After 15 days of it, I start to lose my patience, and I’m ready  to have a little bit of "Survivor" without Natalie.  a ka-genius? It's a step above a genius.  Thank you, that's a high compliment.  You think so, too?  For sure.  He's the president of the brochachos. I kind of came up with the word.  Can I be the c.e.o.?  I can be, like, head of awesome stuff, h.a.s.  The h.a.s. Of the brochawchos.  Christian wants to be part of the guys and feel accepted and he is accepted.  He's one of the bros. He's one of the group we have. Gabby is not part of it,  so it makes Gabby more an outsider, so from my understanding, she will be the  first to go from our tribe but I want to make sure she doesn't have an idol.  I still have my immunity, idol but traditionally any time you go to a new  island there's a new idol. I have an advantage nobody else has-- I know what  to look for. For me, I’m looking for anything that's green, like our Tiva  green. Because the first idol I found it was wrapped in a purple string. I  have been scouring this island, and I cannot find that sucker for the life of  me. And not having one here is hard for me to believe, so I’m going to keep  searching. So I’m walking down the trail, and there was just this open area  to the left. I'm-- that just-- that's the only big open area. So I’m looking  around there, and I look down, and I see at the base of a tree a piece of  wood wrapped in green. I found it! I'm like, wow! Again? Really? You got to  be kidding me.  No idol but we got us a clue.  This gives me another canc to get an idol that nobody knows about. That could  be the game changer, two idols. I knew I could play this game well. I was  confident that I could play it well, but I didn't know that I could play it  as well as I am. I didn't feel like a Goliath. I'm starting to. 320-pound Dan  will be really proud of me right now and what i've done, you know. Not only  at home in my life but in this game. But it is beyond important for me to not  be caught looking for this idol in that immunity challenge. So I’m going to  have to be real sneaky to be able to get it.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! All right, let's get to today's immunity challenge.  First things first, take back the idols.  I don't want to give it back.  Jeff: Thank you! Thank you! Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For  today's challenge, you're going to race up and over an obstacle. You'll then  lift the ladder, climb up, and use a rope to raise a bridge. Cross the  bridge, make your way to the finish, where you will retrieve a ball. Finally,  you'll maneuver that ball to the top a snake maze. First two tribes to finish  win immunity, safe from the vote. Losers, tribal council, where somebody will  be the sixth person voted out of this game. Day 15. Let's do it. [ applause ]   Jeff: All right, here we go. For immunity. Survivors ready?  Yes.  Jeff: Go! Gotta get up and over this first obstacle.  Go, go, go, go!  Jeff: Vuku quickly doing a good job.  Come on, Christian.  Jeff: Who is going to be last to get there? Natalie takes a fall. Vuku in the  lead. Go green, go, purple! Now, who you going to send up? Carl goes for Vuku.  Find that ladder. Retrieve that rope. Gabby for Tiva. Carl has the rope.  Gabby has the rope. Here goes Lyrsa.  One, two, three, pull!  Jeff: Now you gotta pull the rope to lift the bridge.  Hold it!  Jeff: Head across. Watch your bridge!  Okay!  Jeff: Go! Go!  Thereto go! Let it go!  Jabeni in dead last, still trying to lower the bridge. Go, purple!  Go, go, go!  Jeff: Green now in the lead. Orange right on their tail. Now everybody's got  to be at the mat. Bringing up the rear it is purple, falling way behind.  Natalie with another hard fall. Here comes Gabby.  Good job, guys.  Jeff: Vuku now untying trying to release their ball. Orange, you're good,  untie! Alec on her tail.  You got this, Alec. Just take your time.  Jeff: Bringing up the rear it's Nick, Mike, and Lyrsa. Gabby has her bag. It  is John for Tiva.  All right, John!  You got it!  Jeff: Lyrsa now untying, trying to release their ball. John with a bit of an  edge over Alec right now.  Take your time, brother.  Jeff: Alec has the ball for Vuku.  You got it, Nick.  Jeff: And Nick now has the ball for Jabeni. Everybody working on the final  phase of this challenge. You have to maneuver this ball to the top.  You got tyou got it.  Jeff: It looks easy. It's not.  Take your time, Alec. You're good, you're good.  Jeff: Two tribes will finish, two tribes will be safe.  Good move.  Nice save.  Good move.  Great job, John!  You got it. You got it.  There you go. Nice, nice.  Jeff: Right now, it's Jabeni trying to catch up with Vuku and Tiva in the  lead.  It's getting narrow, brother, be aware.  Jeff: Both trying to execute the same move.  Like you're on a surf board.  Okay, you're still good.  Jeff: Alec drops. He has to start again.  There you go.  Jeff: John very much in control of this challenge right now.  You're fine, John. John, down, down.  Jeff: And John drops right behind him. Now the lead is Jabeni just like that.  They swap out.  All right, brochacho, let's go.  Jeff: Immunity on the line.  Take your time, Nick.  Jeff: Nick has been very steady. Slowly inching his way to the top.  Easy.  Jeff: Whereas, Alec, being much more aggressive this time, making bigger  moves.  You're doing great, man.  Jeff: Christian now going to have to move very fast and/or hope Nick drops.  The challenge gets trickier. The higher you move on this maze, the narrower  it gets. Nick slow and steady, so slow, he's not even moving.  Nice.  There you go!  Jeff: Alec now make something moves.  You're good.  No need to panic.  Jeff: Alec gaining on Nick. He's figured something out, has a good rhythm  going.  There you go brochawcho.  Jeff: Christian with a nice move, gaining ground inch by inch. Alec, another  nice move.  It's okay!  Keep going, Christian.  Jeff: Wow, Christian is really making fast work of this.  Nice, Christian.  Good move, brother man.  Jeff: Nick right behind. Alec and Christian closer and closer.  There you go!  Jeff: They have caught and passed Nick.  Okay, Nick.  Jeff: This is "Survivor" at its finest. It is Alec with a small  lead over Christian and Nick right behind. Everybody is in it right now. Alec  for Vuku very close. Can they close the deal? Christian very close. Nick is  right there. Who is going to get there first?  Take your time, Alec. Your pace. Your pace.  Jeff: Alec does it! Vuku wins immunity. Looking for one more. Both guys  closer and closer. And he does it! Tiva wins immunity.  Oh, my God! Thank you!  Jeff: Sending Jabeni to tribal council for the first time.  Great job.  Bro.  Thanks, guys, very much for your support.  Jeff: vinaka, congratulations, another win. Nobody going home from Vuku. Tiva,  congratulations. [ applause ] well done. Nobody going home from Tiva. Vuku, Tiva,  grab your stuff, head back to camp. Enjoy the night off. Jabeni, first loss,  tribal council tonight. Somebody will be the sixth person voted out of this  game. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. See you tonight at tribal.  I'm voting for Natalie because I can't stand her. Possibly, outside of the  game, she's an adorable lady. Inside of the game, she's not. But I feel a  little bit uncertain because if the Goliaths decide to stay strong, it will  be between me and Nick.  today, we lost the immunity challenge. We thought we would be able to pull  this one out, and we were very close. But we fell short.  I'm sorry, guys.  No apologies. You did great.  Thanks.  That was tricky.  I'm sorry.  Should we try to get some food?  Yeah.  Nick really played a great game, but somebody has to go. Going into tribal,  we still are three Goliaths with two Davids. So we're debating between voting  for Lyrsa and Nick. So what do we want to do? Keep her or keep him?  We ran through the pros and cons of voting out Nick or Lyrsa. We decided on Lyrsa,  because she doesn't bring a lot to the table.  That's funny.  I know it sounds silly, but the elements do have an impact on you. I know  that's so, so wrong. It's so cold out here, and I’m one of those people who  runs really cold. And having a jacket out here really could be a huge benefit  to me. I would prefer if someone else did the dirty work. Is and I think Natalie  is actually a perfect person to give me that jacket.  You all know what I’m writing down. Are we going to vote Lyrsa tonight?  I want that jacket, that members only jacket. You gotta get it now, or you're  out of time.  I'm not stealing anybody's stuff or anything like that.  Well... How you feel about giving up your jacket ja.  My jacket?  Uh-huh.  No, I’m taking my jacket with me.  The jacket is worth a million.  Are you trying to bully me or something?  No, I just asked a question. That's not bullying.  It seems like it. I know we're playing a game but some things are just  crossing the line. If somebody is in a position of power and they use that  power to coerce or threaten somebody into doing something that they don't  want to do, that's bullying, in my opinion, and I don't tolerate bullying.  Natalie slike, trying to convince me to leave my jacket. Natalie said,  "is that jacket worth $1 million to you?"  are you kidding. She said that?  Steal mine! Are you [bleep] kidding me.  I think Natalie should go, because these unbearable, but on the Jabeni tribe,  the cards are definitely stacked against me. I mean, there are three Goliaths,  there are two Davids. So Lyrsa and i, we're in bring trouble.  There it is.  Mike trusts me. He's my fellow rock star, so I’m hoping we just get four  votes on Natalie today, me and Mike come back to camp tonight and have an air  jam session, and we'll be sitting pretty.  You get the fire going? I don't sell any fire.  Look, I cannot deal with this.  Nick and I both feel like Natalie's got to go, and I want to figure out how I  can do that with the Goliaths feeling good about me, so I’m just hoping that Nick  can get Angelina on board. It will take a lot of work, so he needs to step up  and come through on our little rock star alliance.  The way I see it is we can't just play this game David versus Goliath.  I know.  We're gog have to work with Goliaths and Goliaths are going to have to work  with Davids. All I want to do is go far with people I like and like playing  with. We were thinking Natalie.  It's long overdue.  Lyrsa thinks that I’m voting for Natalie, and Natalie thinks that I’m voting  for Lyrsa.  What is your-- your.  --  i'm nervous because it's a big move. I am at this pivot point where I need to  look at who can I trust? Who do I want at the merge? We're good? Okay, all  right? Can I get this jacket.  I'm the only member who is going to use this jacket  tonight's vote is so critical, given that Natalia is out of the game now, by  taking out Natalie, we are taking out another Goliath, which puts us even  match, 7-7, with David. So my mind's racing. This is definitely a big  decision, and there's no wiggle room. There's no room for error. Jeff alright lets get into it Angelina, 15 days in, you have three Goliaths and  two Davids. How big of an impact does that have on how this game is going to  play out?  So, to be completely honest, that is the biggest factor because we look at  the numbers, not only at Jabeni, but across the board. It is absolutely  critical that we can maintain those numbers. And so, at this point, we do  want to stay Goliath strong.  But they keep saying, "Goliath strong. Natalia-- you guys don't know  what's going on, on the other side.  Actually, we did commit to going Goliath strong. There is still a Goliath  tribe. That was the plan when we parted, and I’m going to stand in belief to  what i've committed to so--  but you weren't the first option at that first tribal.  I'm always in trouble here, Jeff.  No, it's not that your--  all of these tribal councils, I’m the person that seems to be struggling  here.  Jeff: Let's talk about that. Is that new for you?  It certainly is. I am never the center of drama. I am never the center of  drama.  Jeff: In your professional life back home, are you in charge?  Yes, but I am more laid back than what you'd normally get. Being on the tribe  and being more collaborative it's other day there was a discussion about the  eggs. I'm saying let's boil all the eggs and get it over with.  But we don't have the correct temperature to hold the eggs. In four hours,  those eggs are going to start creating bacteria, and I learned that at  school. I went to school for this.  What I’m saying is it doesn't take five people to decide on boiling eggs. One  or two people, tell us what to do, and we'll do it.  I have to jump in, for Natalie, he really prioritizes efficiency but  sometimes the fastest way to get there isn't to get everyone on the train to  get to that place.  It does feel Natalie has strong feelings about a lot of things that happen at  camp.  Really?  Yeah, how things are done, how quickly, they're done, where they should go.  You know, there's disapproval looming in the air if things aren't done the  way you want them to be done.  Jeff: So, Mike, so far, you've had an issue with Natalie. Angelina has had an  issue with Natalie, and yet it sounds like--  you have an issue with me? We haven't had an issue. We have differences. We  talk it through and move on.  Jeff: My bad. No issue with the glghtz. Everybody is getting along really  well. Nick, where do you fall in this?  Today, I talk to Natalie. She don't care what I have to say. All she's  worried about is jackets.  Here's the fact, Jeff. I'm in sales. And I saw it as a negotiating, not a  bullying. If you want to stay in the game and you have something valuable to  a main player in the game, well, I was leveraging.  Jeff: You're saying, "if you give me your jacket, I may think about  voting for Lyrsa?"  indirectly.  Jeff: Indirectly. What else would it be?  Implying that, yes? I didn't say it straight out. But that was the nature of  the conversation, yes.  This is unbelievable.  It's not unbelievable. I'm in sales. Like I said. I said it should be  believable. I'm in sales. We're not talking about a person. We're talking  about a person wearing a jacket they needed.  For me, that's very, very mean, you know. It's impersonal.  Jeff: Mike--  actually --  sorry, I interrupted you again you keep going.  Angelina, you want to help me out with the jacket situation?  So Natalie was trying to help me out. Just full transparency. But I wasn't  eye would never-- I did not steal anyone's stuff. I do think that Natalie was  doing that out of love for me. She knows that i've been freezing at night,  and so I do think it came from a really right place. And so I do just want to  defend her on that front. I think that it came from love.  Jeff: Mike, Angelina has been a peacekeeper the entire tribal. Any time  there's an argument with the Goliaths, she's the one who said, "even  though we sound like we're mad at you I’m with you."  you have to walk a fine line. For me, I do think it's still a number's game.  Knowing you had a group that made a commitment that maybe will give you some  safety is worth something. At the same time, we are looking toward the next  stage of this game. And it is about people that you vibe with, people that  you think you can work with, people that you think you can trust. It's part  of the factors that you're weighing as awe make decisions moving forward.  And you should see the jackets. I'm sorry. I had to go there.  Jeff: Natalie, I think I just figured you out. You need the last word.  Yup.  Jeff: Is that fair?  No. Not always.  Jeff: Jackets and eggs. It has been a lively tribal council. It is time to  vote. Lyrsa, you're up.  Take your members only jacket back to boston. I like your purple hair.  You can make a preacher cuss.  You can make a preacher cuss.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes.  Jeff: If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now  would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are read, the decision is  final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council  immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Natalie. Lyrsa. Natalie. Two  votes Natalie. Lyrsa. We're tied, two votes Lyrsa, two votes Natalie, one  vote left. Sixth person voted out of "Survivor: David versus Goliath,"  Natalie. You need to bring me your torch.  Okay.  Oh, my God.  I justmented to give you a hug. I'm sorry.  Natalie, is there any way I could have your jacket? Natalie.  Jeff: Natalie, the tribe has spoken.  Thank you, Jeff.  Natalie?  Jeff: Time for you to go.  Thank you.  Is it worth $1 million?  Guess not.  Thank you, guys.  Jeff: Well, based on tonight's vote, it would appear you chose tribal harmony  over tribal lines. Grab your torches, head back to camp. Good night.  Captioning funded by cbs captioned by media access group at wgbh  access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor":  when the battle lines blur...  As far as the games go, she would cut you.  I just don't trust Angelina.  Jeff: Friends become enemies.  I don't like stupid people.  Jeff: And enemies become friends.  It's not do I blindside dan. It's when.  I don't feel like I deserved all of the bad rap they got. Some of the things  that were said are true. However, I was loving the game, and my only regret  is that I didn't stay in the game longer. I didn't give Angelina my jacket  because I didn't know if she was a part of the reason why I’m out. So why  should i? I don't have to. And I chose not to. So I’m wearing it.