<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor": The tribe was facing tribal  council, and the David were outnumbered. We're in big trouble.  Jeff: But Natalie's abrasive personality was getting old.  At tribal council, Angelina had a master plan.  This is a phony vote so I can try to get Natalie's jacket before she leaves.  Jeff: She tried to con Natalie.  Natalie, is there any way I could have your jacket?  Jeff: But Angelina was left empty-handed.  Natalie?  Jeff: When Natalie was sent home. Natalie, the tribe has spoken.  Thank you, Jeff.  Natalie?  Jeff: 14 are left, who will be voted oat tonight? Captioning funded by cbs  and ford. We go further, so you can.  You're here. You can do the honors.  Yay! I thought I was never going to see that day here. I survived tribal  council once again. I have more life than a cat, man.  Lyrsa, just to be super clear, the only reason I wrote your name was to try  to get that jacket.  That was incredible.  Oh, my got! What a performance.  <br/>Angelina wrote my name because she wanted Natalie's jacket. A jacket? Like,  that's very petty. And that's really mean and that says a lot about Angelina's  character.  Lyrsa?  What.  Can you do me the biggest favor?  Sure. You want my coat?  No.  For her, the jacket is more important than me, so, yeah, I don't trust her.  Natalie is going to hate us. She's going to hate me.  She's definitely going to hate me. I'm going to have to change my address.  We gave up the Goliath majority, but Natalie going home was bittersweet. She  was bitter and for the tribe it was sweet because now we have a little bit  more peace around camp.  When she walked out you were like, Natalie, can I have jur jacket?"  i asked her, like, three times.  You jumped up to hug her, I thought you were going to reach around and grab  the jacket out ofier bag.  I wasn't going to shoplift from her! I wanted Natalie to get blindsided but  walk away having her think I was on her side to get her beautiful fleece  jacket. Unfortunately, you can't always get everything that you wish for.  Angelina, I feel like she's--  she is so fake.  Just so she could get Natalie's jacket? Last night really exposed just how  completely crazy she is.  It really did. I thought it was so funny when she did that.  She was crying and acting shocked. She was like...  Really?  That was just too much.  She deserves an emmy.  It was a perfectly tribal in my book. Natalie goes home, and Angelina looks  like a fool in front of everybody. If Angelina will do that for a jacket,  imagine what she'll do for a million dollars.  As far as the game goes, she would cut you--  she's going too hard. Angelina's sealing her own fate with this kind of  shenanigans. I know she's a sketch-ball now, I know it. And I think it really  opened Mike's pipes she might flip on a dime.  She will definitely flip on a time.  We could get out Angelina and it wouldn't be no skin off our backs.  going fishing?  I'm going to try. I'm going to see where the fish are, and then I’m going to  see if I can, you know, catch fish with a spear.  That's awesome!  Give it a shot. So spear fishing on "Survivor" is three equipment  components, one of which is the mask to make sure you can both see and  breathe under water.  Your nose is so squished.  The flippers. Do I put meas over my shoes?  No, you put thoam your normal feet.  When are a bit awkward to walk in as I found out the hard way.  Have fun.  Thank you. I've never put on a pair of flippers before, I believe. Just every  step was a blow to my general self-worth. Just the personal ego agony. [  laughter ] once you get in the water, you know, it's nice. And, of course,  the business end here, the spear. Essentially, you turn this into a  spring-loaded murder machine. Hold it back, store a bunch of potential  energy, as we call it in the physics business, and you release it in the form  of kinetic energy-- i.e., stabbing.  I couldn't catch any fish. Certainly, I am not a food-seeking missile.  Everything looks close, but in reality--  yeah.  I gotta find a way to sneak up on them better. So if they're counting on me  for large amendments of food, we may be starving to death.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! Vuku, Tiva, getting your first look at the new Jabeni  tribe. Natalie voted out at the last tribal council. All right, shall we get  to today's reward challenge?  Yeah! [ applause ]  reporter: For today's challenge, one person will be attached to a heavy bag  of coke nuts. On my "go," you'll work together to get that bag to  the beach. You'll then lift the bag, allowing the person to climb over an  obstacle and retrieve four rings. You'll then attempt to land those rings on  a target. First two tribes to finish win reward. Let me show you what you're  playing for.  Yeah!  Jeff: First tribe to finish...  Yeah! [ applause ].  Yeah!  Jeff: Cooking utensils, herbs and spiess, 10 vegetableica babes.  Yum!  Jeff: Second tribe to finish, twoica books.  We got it.  Jeff: Last tribe to finish.  Nothing.  Jeff:ing nothing.  Sucks.  Jeff: Vuku you are sitting somebody out, who will it be?  I will sit out.  Jeff: Tiva you have one extra person. Who will it be?  Me.  Jeff: Take a spot on the bench. Everybody else, i'll give you a minute to  strategize we'll get started. All right, here we go, for reward. Survivors  ready? Go!  Go, Tiva!  Jeff: You've got to carry those coconuts back to shore. Gabby takes a fall.  It is Vuku quickly in the lead. Tiva right with them. Jabeni trying to stay  in it early in this challenge.  Good job, guys! Good job, Tiva! &gt; Jeff: Tiva and Vuku together. Gabby up and over. Alec up and over. Jabeni  bringing up the rear. Let's go, Jabeni! Jabeni, you're dead last early.  You've got to lift that bag of coconuts to get enough slack to retrieve four  rings. Gabby is already over. Alec is over heading for his first ring. Lyrsa  is taking a long time on the ladder! Alec has his first ring heading back.  He's good. Coming back for the second. Those bags are very heavy! Gabby has  the first.  Lyrsa come fix the rope.  Jeff: This is a disaster for Jabeni, absolute disaster. Two tribes knowing  how to play "Survivor." one look like they're just beginning. Alec  whipping through that third ring. Nobody problem at all. Alec now coming back  for the fourth and final ring for Vuku. Lyrsa trying to get back with that  first ring for Jabeni.  Good job, good job.  Jeff: Here comes Gabby with the second ring. Gabby is good with the second.  Alec has the fourth ring. Unclip. Vuku has their four rings. Now they'll try  to land the rings on the target. It will be Alec now tossing the rings.  You gotta go get it.  I need a little more rope.  I can't hold it much longer like this.  Jeff: Gabby has the fourth ring.  Down, down, down.  Jeff: You're good, Tiva! Unclip!  Come on, come on, come on!  Jeff: Alec with another toss. Short again.  Jeff: Lyrsa has want fourth ring for Jabeni. You're good, Jabeni! Unclip, Lyrsa!  It is Dan throwing for Tiva.  Yes!  Jeff: Dan lands the first ring for Tiva. It's now Tiva in the the lead. Here  comes Jabeni. A big reward on the line. It's going to be Nick for Jabeni.  Yeah!  Jeff: He's got one. Vuku had a big lead and they have given it away. Davie in  now for Vuku. Davie tosses his first toss and lands one. We are tied 1-1-1.  We're playing to four. John tosses and connects! Tiva now with two and two  left. Davie just short. Nick scores the second ring. For Jabeni. It is Tiva  with two, Jabeni with two, you h Vuku with one. Dan scores the third ring for  Tiva. Tiva down to their last ring. Vuku had the ring. Dan could win it right  here. Yes! Tiva wins reward! Looking for one more. Nick scores the third ring  for Jabeni. Davie scores the second for Vuku. It's now 3-2. Davie's got to  pick it up Nick for the win. And he's got it! Jabeni wins reward! [ applause  ].  At least it's not tribal.  Jeff: Tiva, congratulations. Your reward will be waiting for you back at  camp. Grab your stuff, head out, enjoy the afternoon.  Thank you, Jeff.  Jeff: Jabeni, got off to a miserable start but you pulled it out. Cookware,  two kabobs waiting for you back at camp. Nice job. Enjoy it. Vuku, got  nothing for you. Grab your stuff head back to camp.  Winning is the good thing, but others on the other tribe were not happy we  voted off Natalie. Maybe staying with Angelina makes more sense. If we merge  together, I have taken out two Goliaths from my original tribe. I would have  a huge target on my back.  oh, my God!  Look how beautiful!  Man!  My God!  Congratulations, guys. [ applause ]  Tiva's tribe is just rocking and rolling, man. We won by a landslide yet  again. That's what we do as teef as. I just want to eat a pepper.  I miss carol a lot, but other than that, I don't know how I could be blaig  the game better right now.  Oh, my God! I found two idols. Don't eat the peppers. Don't eat peppers. And  not only that, you know, i've indoctrinated Christian with me and John, more  of the brochachos. I trust him more to protect me and cover my back than I do  Gabby.  What a great meal.  There you go! All right, brochachos! We feed each other the way we need to  feed each other. That's an experience I never had before.  It's actually a first for me, too.  I'll remember this.  Brochachos are tight.  It's an interesting transition happening. Me, this idea of being this cool  guy, cool to hangute with around camp. I-- I always wanted to be that guy,  you know. I always wanted to be someone that people wanted to talk to. One of  my biggest fears in this game and outside this game is being ostracized, you  know, being left out of the loop of friends, colleagues, at a party. I'm  becoming this Goliath-like figure from these David origins. The fact that I am  becoming this person people like to talk to and hang out with is validation  that this work has been paying off, this sort of lifetime of  self-improvement, if you will.  The biggest things that make dancing cool is misdirection, and the best  example of that is the moon walk. If someone is having a sweet routine, the  whole crowd pops when they do something unexpected.  Right. I guess that's like my pop and lock adds a visual compelling element  to it, yeah.  It's obvious these Goliath boys would wrath bro down with Christian and leave  me on the oits. So I need to find a way to take my game into my own hands.  But it's scary! It's really scary for me. I know we keep saying we just have  to win, we just have to win. But what if we don't?  What if we don't.  I know I’m on the bottom, and I don't want to just lean on hope, hope that we  will win. Hope is not a strategy. This game is about taking chances.  Yeah.  Which freaking scary, and i-- I need you. I don't know who I have anymore.  Yeah.  Like, I trust Christian 100%. And I feel connected to you, more so than John  and dan. I can't work with dan. Dan doesn't talk to me about strategy, so,  like, you're the only person that's talked strategy to me. I, like, don't  want to get emotional because this is so lame but--  i know.  It's really scary being on the bottom and, like, and, like, you're the only  person that extended an olive branch to me and Christian. And, like, I wanted  to play it cool, but, like, I just have to, like, put myself out there. I  have nothing to lose. I know you have more to lose.  Seeing her tear up, she just cut to my core. I am an extraordinarily  empathetic person. That is kind of my greatest gift as a doctor, so when I see  someone emotional, my first instinct is to alleviate their suffering. She is  putting a lot of trust in me. And I think Gabby is someone that I can trust  long term. I think this game shouldn't be David versus Goliath.  Yeah.  I think it should be who do you trust? So if it were to come to a tribal  council, I’m trying to play as much with John and dan, but then blindsiding  dan.  I really appreciate that.  I identify Dan as a threat. On the other hand, I feel like you, me, and Christian  are much more cut from the same cloth. And, honestly, like heart and head  tell me to go with you and Christian.  Okay. Every day, the line between David and Goliath are blurring more and  more. When you look around and you think about who is the biggest threat, it  probably is dan. He has this brochacho thing going along. It's a little bit  of a boys' club. And not only that, he has an idol in his pocket, and that  scares me. So now the question is less becoming do I blindside Dan and more  becoming when?  Breathe in and oit. Go out just a little bit more.  Out?  <br/>Not quite as close to my spine.  Okay.  Okay. Four weeks before I came out here I couldn't walk because my back was  hurting so bad. I suffered through the first 16 days of this on that stupid  bamboo, and it's taking a toll on me mentally not being able to sleep.  Everybody keeps talking about wanting to get this bed more comfortable by  splitting the bamboo where they're all level. It's day 16 and ain't nobody  done nothing about it. Well, guess what? I want to do it now, and it needs to  be didn't right way. You ready?  Yeah.  I see elisabeth and Kara start chopping bamboo in half. It's going to be dark  soon. That's not a half-day project. It's a whole-day project. And I’m like  oh! Hold on! Pump the brakes!  I can't sleep on it. My back is killing me.  If we was going to start it, we should start that early in the morning. We  can't start it when we ain't got but two hours of daylight left.  We had a whole day. We're going to wait until day 39 to fix our freaking bed.  There are two things in life I don't like, lazy people and stupid people.  Why are you slowing the split one away.  I took all the half ones off.  It's a mistake. I have always been a person if I care about something I can't  let go. So when I’m irritated, like I am right now, everybody's already going  to know it. Going to know it. Aaaahhh!  You okay?  Yeah, I’m great.  You got an issue?  <br/>Yeah, I got issues.  Let it out. Thereto out right now.  I just eye just need to get this out, okay?  Go ahead, go ahead.  Four weeks before I came to "Survivor," I could not get up out of  bed to go to the freaking bathroom by myself. My back was in such bad shape.  And I am not a wi wuss, okay?  No one is saying you're a wuss.  I just need to listen for just a second, okay? And I have been suffering on  this bamboo since I have been here and I haven't said one word about it,  except for throwing out ideas. I am in constant pain. And I got tired of  being patient waiting for somebody else to help make a bed more comfortable.  And it's just really frustrating to start taking it apart and put it back  together your way without involve meeg in the process. So it wasn't like it  was a group decision.  A group decision? We're going there? It wasn't a group decision to take it  apart.  For one, evidence laying on the bed trying to get some leap, and I’m woken up  to the freaking bamboo being sawed in half.  With the Davids I thought they had this cowboy hat convention but,  apparently, there's some kind of rift there. As much as I hate conflicts  between two people it also makes me sit back and eat my popcorn knowing it's  not going to be me.  I'm sorry I am being a jerk about it. I really am. But it's really  frustrating.  Things change every single second in this game so where the person you were  tight with got under your skin. As far as elisabeth goes, we tend to clash.  She's a know-it-all. And I don't do well with know-it-alls at this particular  point, if we were to lose I would try to get rid of Elizabeth.  Jeff: Come on in, guys!  Jeff: Come on in, guys! All right, let's get to today's immunity challenge.  First things first-- take back the idols. Gabby gives it to me. Carl makes me  come get it. I get it. Don't want to give it up. Once again, immunity is back  up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're going to carry a large saucer to  a water tower, fill it, make your way through a series of obstacles, empty  what's left into a well, then race back. Once you fill the well with water,  you'll drop a bag of puzzle pieces. You'll use the pieces to soft puzzle.  First two tribes to finish win immunity, safe from the vote. Losers, tribal  council with somebody will be the seventh person voted out of this game. Vuku,  one extra member. Kara sat out last challenge. Cannot sit out this one. Who  is going to be?  Me.  Jeff: Elisabeth going to set out for Vuku. Tiva, Alison sat out last time who  is it going to be?  Me.  Jeff: Gabby is going to sit out. Take a spot on the bench. Everybody else,  give you a minute to strategize and we'll get started. All right, here we go.  For immunity. Christian, you ready?  Yes!  Jeff: Survivors ready?  Yup.  Jeff: Go! First job is to get out and get that saucer so you can start  getting water. Tiva has their saucer heading back. Jabeni has theirs. Vuku  off to a slow start now. Everybody's got to be on a beam. You drop, you gotta  go back.  Wait, slow, guys.  Jeff: There are three beams and four people. Figure it out.  We got twe got it.  Jeff: That's how you do it! Vuku has caught up now. Suddenly it's Vuku in the  lead now.  Here we go!  Jeff: And Jabeni, dead last. Vuku has water. Tiva has water.  Keep it going. Keep it going.  Jeff: You want to fill this saucer. Tiva heading out with their first saucer  full of water.  Reporter, let's go.  Jeff: Jabeni going to head out now with not nearly as much water as Tiva has.   Should we go back?  No, no, no. They're going to spill it.  Jeff: You're going to lose some water along the way. Up to the fill that  baby. The more water you have when you get to the well, the fewer trips you  will have to make.  We have to go up a little bit.  Jeff: And a big trop by Vuku. They lost half their saucer.  Be careful! Be careful!  Okay, rotate.  Jeff: Now it gets complicated. You have three beams. You have to have  somebody on every beam while balancing a saucer with water that you  desperately need to fill that well. This is where team work is crucial!  Wait, wait, wait.  Jeff: Jabeni loses nearly everything.  Fut up against that thing and we tip up. So put that there.  Jeff: That's how do you it right there, Tiva. Tiva back, they're going to  fill up their well. Wow, Tiva does it. They've dropped their puzzle pieces.  Good job, Tiva!  Jeff: Vuku's got to help back.  Good lead, Tiva!  Jeff: Tiva did a nice job in terms of transporting water. And that is going  to be the difference early in this challenge. Vuku having to head back. Jabeni  definitely having to head back. They barely have any water in their saucer.  It is Christian and Alison working on the puzzle for Tiva. They have yet to  go to tribal council.  Let's trade out the ones that are not edge pieces and put them over here.  Jeff: Here comes Vuku and here comes Jabeni. It has been a normal story for Jabeni  to be dead last but they have pulled challenges out in the past. Can they do  it again. Jabeni already exhausted early in the challenge but they are not  giving up.  Yeah!  Jeff: Vuku drops their puzzle pieces! They're good. It's now Jabeni still  struggling to get back.  You okay?  Yeah, my arm --  literally taking a stop to rest. Kara has the puzzle pieces. It's going to be  Kara and Alec solving the puzz pel.  Let's go, Vuku!  Jeff: Here comes Jabeni. They need to have enough water to fill that well and  it does not look good and they've lost what little they have again.  Got one!  Jeff: Alison and Christian doing a nice job. They are closing in on immunity.  Alec and Kara continue to work together well. Jabeni back with another saucer  full of water, trying to get it all in. A lot of it is splashing out, hoping  it will drop the puzzle pieces.  Really? One more.  Jeff: No.  Wow.  Jeff: Once again, Jabeni has to head back.  Jabeni looks like they're on the edge of giving up.  We're not going to give up.  <br/>Nope, not going to happen.  Jeff: You're close. One more saucer will do it.  All right.  Jeff: Christian with another piece. Alison with one more. Tiva closing in on  another immunity win. Keeping them safe in the game. Vuku not far behind.  Guys, guys!  Jeff: We are close to a "Survivor" blowout right now. Alison with  the next-to-last piece. Alison and Christian going to do it together. There  it is! Tiva wins immunity, safe again from tribal council! It is now a story  of Vuku versus Jabeni. It would be an impossible comeback at this point for Jabeni.  And yet they still fight. Their heart is in it. They just can't get the  performance to match.  Let go, let go.  If we've got a chance in hell, we gotta go.  I'm just telling you if I go I might drop it. I'm just trying to keep it  together, dude.  Let's go, let's go. We have to.  Jeff: Sometimes there is just nowhere to hide on "Survivor." you  either have it or you don't. And right now, Jabeni is nowhere close to having  it. Alec and Kara taking their time. No rush. Jabeni still fighting. That  "Survivor" spirit is what got you out here, and it's what keeps you  out here.  One more time.  Oh God!  You okay? You okay?  Jeff: Jabeni, just when they were back with their last saucer full of water,  literally dropped the saucer.  I mean, we-- there's nothing we can do.  Jeff: Alec with the next-to-last piece for Vuku.  Do the plea of us want to try to lift it up.  They're done. They have one piece left.  Jeff: Kara with the final piece securing immunity for Vuku. Vuku wins eu78  immunity. Safe from tribal council. Jabeni knows what's coming. Tribal  council for Jabeni where one of the foyer will be voted out. Day 17, a day  none of them will forget. Tiva, congratulations. Beautifully execute at every  stage. Well earned.  Thanks, Jeff. [ applause ]  brochacho.  Jeff: Vuku, congratulations. Tiva and Vuku nice job. Grab your stuff. Head  back to camp. Enjoy another nice night off.  Thanks, Jeff.  Jeff: Well done.  I'm sorery. Sorry.  Jeff: Mike, one of the things about "Survivor" is you can't prepare  for every challenge. That was a terrible performance, but it's not indicative  of a terrible tribe. What kept you going when it was clear there was no  chance for you guys to win? [ sighs ]  it's all right.  I just know this is an important elimination. And I don't want any of us to  go home. And-- and so I think all of us were putting best efforts, even  though we were out-gunned, but I’m proud of every one of them and I just feel  bad they couldn't do more.  Jeff: It is only day 17, but 17 days is all it will be for one of the four of  you. Nick, Lyrsa, Angelina, Mike, tribal council tonight. Somebody will be  voted out. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. See you tonight at treebl.  I've gotten to go Nick, leers aand Angelina, and I like all of them. I know  how much this means to them, and I don't like the idea of dashing dreams. So  to have one of them go home... Isn't-- isn't-- isn't as fun as I thought it  would be.  It was so hard.  You look at what the other teams looked like, mferl-bound...  They got it, in, like, two minutes gee,y know.  I'm sor sorry one of us has to leave. We did all we could.  I really wanted all four of us to make the next staej of the game which I’m hoping  is a merge, but I feel like this is the most momentum vote of the game so  far. We have seven Goliaths, seven Davids. We're here on a tribe with two Goliaths  and two daefds. It's not just somebody going home. Whatever happens today is  going to impact everybody's gentleman for the rest of the game.  Yeah.  I mean, personally, like, I would love to just party with you on this game.  So--  yeah.  And I know you would be loyal to, like, us. And I know you want it.  You bring a lot to the team.  I really don't know why Angelina thinks I would be willing to work with her  after the jacket thing. Crazy.  What are your thoughts?  I mean, i'll stick with Nick. So I think maybe it's gonna be, like, a tie or  something.  Coming back from the immunity challenge, evidence actually feeling pretty  open minded to working with Lyrsa, given that we're both latinas. But it felt  like there was no room for negotiation or compromise or consideration. And  so, that put the nail in her coffin. It will absolutely be Lyrsa tonight.  It's thursday. We have to vote her out.  For sure.  You think Nick is with us?  Yeah. I mean, no one's going to want to go to rocks.  No one wants to go to rocks. And we guarantee him safety. All right, so we  need to work on Nick today.  Oh, yeah.  They are sticking together.  That's what they just told you?  Yeah. I think we've got a chance if we can just get to them.  Right now, my life in this game and in David as a number is hanging by a  thread, and Mike is holding it. We need to convince him to finally vote Angelina  out, but no matter what happens tonight, she's not getting my jacket. I will  maybe offer one of my socks and just because it has a hole in it. I really  want to play with you, meek. I'm just telling you that I’m real--  i know you are.  And I really want to stay. &gt;&gt;y know. The thing is for me, whatever  hesitation I have has nothing to do with you versus Angelina. It has to do  with the Goliaths.  So I just wanted to let you know, I think you, me, and meek are such's good  trio together. Since day one I felt really solid with you.  Yeah.  You know.  I don't have any loyalty to her. She's just nonstop strategic. It would be so  crazy.  I want to work with you long term.  Uh-huh. I know you and Mike will probably stick together no matter what, but  I mean, I can't do that with Lyrsa.  Yeah.  For her to go out now, she'd be so pissed.  Can I ask for her socks? And her coat? Y really want that coat.  Well, I’m down. Oh, my God, Angelina's going to be so mad at me.  Yeah, it sucks to see her go. I like her, you know, but we weren't super teat  or anything.  There's no question in me meend.  Yeah. I don't have any desire to work with yag as far as I can throw her. She  thinks she's running the whole show. And that's not true at all. The truth is  i'll probably discuss it with Mike, my fellow rock star, and whatever we  think suits us best is what we will do.  .  Yeah, and it's good for your game.  My game is more-- here's the thing, if the daefdz get together and start  picking off Goliath after Goliath after Goliath, I’m just boning my own game.  You know what I mean?  I do have a lot of faeght in Mike.  And trust him. At this point I feel like Mike's best friend. I think we could  go deep in this nf this game and have fun playing it. My job is to convince Mike.  What do you think is best for us?  The safe part of me says Lyrsa.  Uh-huh.  Because I feel like Lyrsa's not, like--  she's not going to be a threat to anybody.  And, also, I do think there is some up side to voting out Angelina. So I’m really--  I’m really torn.  It's almost like a free shot to take out a big threat.  I'm really struggling with which way to go. I really trust Lyrsa in a way I just  don't trust Angelina. I mean, this is not a player to be taken lightly. She  is here to win. She is the ceend of person to turn on and and you never know.  But by voting her out, am I screwing every Goliath left in the game. The  truth, is I like a lot of the Goliaths left in the game. My gut says Lyrsa  one minute and Angelina the next minute. Like, I feel a choker on my neck  and, like, it's getting tighter and teeter.  You know, the clock is ticking. I've got to make a decision.  Jeff: Nick, I was struck at the end of the challenge by the clear bond the  four of you had. Does that surprise you?  I am surprised. I mean, I don't know if it's the struggles that this group  has gone through together, but, yeah, today when we lost I wasn't thinking  about me. I was thinking, man, one of us has to go home.  Jeff: So, Mike, is there anything to the David-dplght or is that out the  window and it's now just people?  There's no wrong answer here. I think all four of us are strong players. We'd  be lucky to have an alliance with any of us.  Jeff: So what's the criteria right now for tonight's vote?  Well, if there is a merge, we are thinking about who do we trust to help us  navigate that next treacherous part of the game.  Jeff: Lyrsa, is that what it is for you, trust and loyalty from hereon out?  Yeah, to me it has been from the get-go of the game, trying to make bonds  with people that will stay loyal to me. And the bonds that I created with  these people are more stronger than what we had with the people that we  played before.  Jeff: Angelina, trust and loyalty number one for you right now, looking  ahead?  Trust, loyalty, and strategy.  Jeff: How so?  I'll get there. I add strategy because if there is' merge, you have to think  about who do I trust? Who trusts me? And who makes the most sense to be  connected with me in this game.  Jeff: Nick, is this a bit of a roll of the dice that "i hope we're  making the right decision and if we merge our assumptions about what is  happening are correct?"  absolutely. It would be like a war coming in. And right now I’m picking the  brothers and sisters I’m fighting beside and fighting with, not feeting  again.  I'll cut to the chase, Jeff. As the underdog in these three tribes we had to  prepare for the worst, and the the worst is coming here again tonight with  four players. That being said, we wouldn't have made the move on Natalie last  tribal if we didn't have a plan. And I’m really hoping that that is what we  stek to tonight.  Jeff: Lyrsa, is that code for anybody who's with me on my plan, just make  sure our plan is the plan in place?  Everybody else here has a plan so it all depends which plan you're working on  and ultimate to move forward with. So I hope that my plan, which is based on  loyalty and truth, moves forward in the game.  Jeff: Nick, do you have a plan?  I have a plan. She's got a plan. I think we all have a plan. For me  personally, I’m here for this tribe. The David and Goliath stuff is over.  Jeff: Your pitch is I don't care about tribal alliances?  Absolutely.  Jeff: To get rid of me would be an absolute mistake.  It would be a mistake. You'd be wasting a good relationship that you can use  later in the game.  I'll go to bat for Nick. Can I jump in? Is that okay?  Yeah, sure.  I think Nick is someone who is a pleasure to be around. He helps around camp.  You can look into his, like, piercing, wilson blue eyes and you can see what  he's thinking. To have someone who brings that honor to the game is-- is  super valuable. And so I just wanted to add that to what you already said.  I appreciate that.  Yeah, of course.  Jeff: Lyrsa, what do you make of that, very flattering.  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. I think it's trying to buy his vote and vote against  someone else. I am nervous that it might be me. All I can say it I’m being  honest with people. When you tell you I’m going to be with you to the end I will  be with you to the end. I don't have a reason to lie here. That's the way I carry  myself in the game.  Jeff: What's the risk with tonight's vote, Mike? What if you guys get it  wrong? [ sighs ].  Well, if we get it wrong, my hope is that it's not a fatal mistake. I do  believe that everybody trusts each other and maybe that's going to end up  being one person's problem tonight. But our decision tonight is not just  going to impact our games here but everybody playing the game on the field.  Jeff: So it really is everybody is putting all their chips in right now  tonight. One person is going to go home, and the the other three are hoping  that the 24th are as loyal as they say they are. All right, it is time to  vote. Angelina, you're up.  This time the vote is actually for you. Love you, chica. Adios.  Seeing how you were trying to charm Nick, just convinced me I have to vote  you and carry my plan out. Have to vote you and carry my plan out.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes.  Jeff: If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now  would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are read, the decision is  final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the tribal council area  immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Lyrsa. Angelina. One vote Lyrsa,  one vote Angelina. Lyrsa. That's two votes Lyrsa, one vote Angelina, one vote  left. Soafg person voted out, Lyrsa. You need to bring me your torch. Lyrsa,  the treeb has spoken.  Bye, guys. Have fun!  Bye, Lyrsa. Sorry. [ sighs ]  Jeff: It seems clear that tonight's vote was not about who to get rid of but  who to keep together. Time will tell if you made the right decision. Grab  your torches. Head back to camp. Good night. Captioning funded by cbs  captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor": The merge is here.  The game starts now.  Jeff: And the best-laid plans--  i'm the strategic mastermind.  Jeff: ...often go awry.  I have your back. People aren't going to suspect it.  There is a counter-Goliath insurgency forming.  David and Goliath is over.  Well, they vote me out and I didn't see it coming. They played me good. I'm  super pissed at Nick because I didn't know he was a flip-flopper. Of course  it sucks to lose, but you want me to be honest? I'm really, really upset that  I will have to sit next to miss Natalie expe reunion and I have to go with  her right now to the ponderosa.