<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor," at the viba tribe, the men formed a  bond.  They're part of the brochacos.  Jeff: And so did the women.  Heart and heads.  Jeff: At the Vuku tribe, an alliance fell apart.  I trust my gut.  Alec blindsided me. This is not supposed to happen.  Jeff: And tensions were high.  We ain't got but two hours of daylight left.  I don't like stupid people.  The Jabeni tribe was facing tribal council, and the rock star alliance held  all the power.  What do you think is best for us?  My gut says Lyrsa one minute and Angelina the next minute. We have to make a  decision.  Jeff: At tribal council, Nick and Mike sent Lyrsa home. Lyrsa, the tribe has  spoken.  Bye, guys.  Jeff: 13 are left whom will be voted out tonight?  Jeff: 13 are left whom will be voted out tonight?  It's a delightful morning, guys.  Life is better when you don't have to go to tribal.  What's going on?  Somebody is waving at us.  What?  Oh, my God.  So we are having an extremely lazy morning when we hear the roaring of a  little bit of motor.  They're coming to viba beach.  We sprint out to the beach and I immediately can detect the Vuku tribe  pulling up. Next thing I know there is another boat. And it's the Jabeni  tribe. I'm thinking, this is the merge. The game starts now.  To me I think the merge signifies that you really start playing strictly for  yourself.  Hello, everyone.  Oh, my God.  So I’m going to have to try to build some different relationship, because I don't  think that I will be able to trust just simply the Davids, especially Elizabeth.  She gets under my skin, and at this point, I would be willing to get rid of  her, but as of right now I just want to taste a beer, you know?  Oh, my God.  Congratulations, everything you need for a perfect merge is right here.  Oh, my dwud. Look at all this.  This whole time I have been concerned. I've been losing my game. I look at  the table and there has to be 100,000 calories at least. I see everything  that I could hope to put in my face, and I am about to go to town on all this  delicious food.  Congratulation, everyone.  Are those sweet potatoes?  Oh, my God.  So everyone is enjoying the feast, but everybody is also here to play the  game. I feel pretty good going into the merge with the idea that we're going  the they true to our own tribal alliance, even though I really got the like Christian  a lot when we were on tribe viba together. The numbers are 7-6, so we start  whittling away all the old Davids and then do battle like gentlemen and  ladies at the end.  Gabby, will you date me in.  I'll double date you. I know typically with the merge there is some kind of  idol hidden somewhere. Sometimes you can find a clue at feast. I notice we  all have individual napkin holders, and I was super conscious of what if  there is something in it, and I also noticed the sign that came with the  table that said, everything you need for the merge is right here. Well, does  that also mean some kind of advantage? I don't know. But I didn't see  anything hidden at the table. This could be "Survivor" paranoia  where you look for a sign in everything where there's not one.  That's what they told me about Natalia. Of course, I never met her.  I've seen her in tribal. I look at Alec. Alec looks at David, and he goes...  Like that.  It comes to light that Alec orchestrated a blindside against Natalia, and my  first reaction is shock. I'm like, dude, you're on a tribe with the majority,  and it seems like a careless and emotional move.  You.  What happened?  Alec did that.  Was she going nuts?  I don't know, because I never met her. I was at exile.  Wow. This means I mead to tread lightly with Alec. He's already shown how  quickly he'll flip. And so it's a dangerous situation, because there are six Davids  and there are seven Goliaths, if one person wants to flip, they can  completely change the game.  All right, y'all.  What are we doing?  Tribe name.  Okay, okay. So I started doodling words. And I like kalo kalo, which meant  stars.  I'm down for the good vibes.  She knows everything. If you say something... She's so annoying.  Carl is drunk, and he's telling me that he's annoyed with Elizabeth. She  doesn't necessarily fit in, and I’m all on board.  I think she's number-one out.  Priority number one is to take out a David.  She has to go. I can't take her much longer.  We have the numbers, so we need to take the David tribe out while we still  can and keep us Goliath strong.  All right.  So first off, mason.  I've been waiting.  I want the talk and then get back.  I'm so dpld you survived all those votes. Congratulations. I am so glad that  my pal, the mason to my dixon, kentucky Nick is still in the game.  Do you know anything?  You promise you won't tell nobody? I think Dan has one.  He gave me actual actionable intelligence. He thinks that Dan has an idol.  That is a piece of wood. That's a huge piece of information. Yeah, we're  number one.  Okay.  Yeah, dude. Happy to have you here.  That's awesome.  I missed you, too.  I was like, I need my comfort blanket. I need my person who makes me feel  better. Reuniting with Kara was awesome. It was so nice to see her. We jump right  back in the swing of things.  I found another idol.  No, you didn't?  You're the only person i've told.  Really?  I told her that I found a second idol. I planned on keeping that one all to  myself, but I was just so excited to see her, I can't help it.  And I’m the only one who knows?  Dan shares with me on the beach that he now has found another immunity idol,  so I’m feeling good. We've got two freaking idols. The majority alliance,  we've got the golden ticket. Just keep it going. Just don't mess this up.  Let's get everyone else out except for us.  We really have each other's backs if anything happens, if anything pops up.  We're the most unified group.  I think we keep getting Davids out.  So who is first?  Elizabeth.  I'm with you 100%. Let's get her out of here.  Goliath has a majority right. Nowly ride that wave as long as that wave is  stable.  I like Christian.  You can't let him lure you in.  He has to go early.  I think we have to blindside him when we have the numbers.  I would love to use the numbers to take out the biggest David threat.  We have our five. This is like reward, immunity, reward, immunity. The old Goliath  tribe. I'm with you guys for sure, but you're now eve to think going enter a  merge that things are going to stay David and Goliath, so it's like keep  doing your thing and think you're Goliath strong and i'll jump on board with  the Davids. I'll form those connections.  Bro, I want to play with you. I'm close with a lot of people.  The thing is I don't know who is going to go home, but what I do know if we  can trust each other now, and if we can like form this unlikely relationship,  like you and me, right, and whoever else, like dude, if I have your back,  like people aren't going to suspect it. So what you're saying is this should  be a line of communication that we should nurture but on the down low.  100%, 100%.  I'm totally on board with that. It's the merge. I think we will see alliances  break. There will be tears shed. There will be blindsides. There will be  idols flushed. It's my time to shine right now.  I have serious reservations about Dan and Kara, because I was sleeping two  people away, and her and Dan were whispering for about two hours. That seems  like a potential twosome. Whether or not there's anything romantic or not, that's  pretty much irrelevant, they're two close people. That's a threat to me.  I want some coffee.  I need a soy latte stat. Getting to the merge, my strategy from the beginning  is to figure out who I can work with amongst the Davids and who punks the Goliaths  I still feel like I connect with. Alison, I still think she's cool. I like Alec.  The three of us could work well together. I came over from Jabeni with Nick.  My hope was to be able to work with Alec and Alison and bring Nick into the  fold. We know that like the Goliaths are going to fall apart at some point,  and I want to have a solid six so we can make sure to monopolize the game.  We get down to 11, we need like six.  Us three, but we need numbers. That way --  who do you think?  I dig Nick and Christian and Gabby.  You've come to play "Survivor," and the game in my opinion doesn't  really start until the merge happens. Premerge you're at like the pregame,  the preparty. Everyone the still getting ready, doing their hair. Then you  come here, and it's 13 of us, and this is like the party. This is what  everyone r.s.v.p.s for. Now you can pick up the girls, this is it.  So I’m tight with Alison.  Yeah.  I dig Christian.  I'm so glad you like Christian. Christian has been my person throughout this.   I was telling Christian, I think David and Goliath is so over. I want to play  with you. I want to play with Nick, Alison. I dig Mike.  Yes, I like Mike a lot, too.  This game isn't about, you know, just numbers, you have to earn this title.  You have to form connections and build relationships. That's how you're going  to get further and further in the game. Right now I need to focus on who do I  need to talk to.  We want to work across tribal, which makes sense obviously.  I have. I dig Christian.  Alison and Christian?  Yeah.  It feels like it might make sense to take two Davids out early on.  I was going to say, Elizabeth, right?  Keep those lives that are left totally in the dark.  Yeah, yeah.  I just watched out on the beach and got invited into an alliance of six,  that's good news for me. This gets me further in the game and so with more  allies, when the Goliaths are ready to turn on each other, I’m going to get  further in the game.  I have never felt this excited about this group I’m with.  At a top superficial view, there are seven Goliath, six David, which would  ordinarily look quite bad for the Davids, but right now there is a counter-Goliath  insurgency that's forming, six people, three former David, three former Goliath,  myself, Gabby and Nick on one side. And Alison, Mike and Alec on the other  side. I'd call it a strike force, because Alec, he is ready to move. He's...  A lot of people talk about David and Goliath being over, but Alec walks the  walk. He apparently flipped the scripted at that infamous Vuku tribal council  when Natalia went home, so Alec is spearheading this strike force of six,  which as far as I’m concerned will be parachuted in to some battlefield  somewhere to deploy a vote and take out a target when we see fit.  They were talking for two hours. They're a threat. If we could keep the Davids  together, that would definitely be my first choice, but we are outnumbered  right now. So we have to be able to pull one to make that initial vote off.  Alec voted out a Goliath when we were at the Vuku beach. So I know for sure  that he's had my back once, maybe he'll have it again. If we can get all the Davids  to vote dan, would you vote dan, too?  Like for the first one?  Yeah.  That's a good idea. He's a strategic player and he's got Kara in his back  pocket.  Alec would be the odd ball out. I would be with a bunch of Davids, you know  what I mean?  Right. I understand.  It's hard. Like so many people right now.  Think about it and let me know.  Elizabeth wants to make a big move, and with my new alliance, the idea in the  future is, yeah, we're going to turn on the Goliaths and start picking them  off, but I need to play double agent as long as I can.  There you are. Just the man I was looking for.  I don't want the ruin that right now and have to show my cards this early.  Elizabeth gave me her pitch. She said, oh, yeah, she was worried about you  two. She's like, does it concern you? I was like, does it concern you? She's  like, yeah. Then she goes, yeah, I want to vote out dan. I don't know why my  name keeps coming up.  I told you.  Why me and not John?  I am furious when I hear that Elizabeth is throwing my name out there. I  don't really understand it, because I ain't done anything astronomical, so  why my name is being thrown out is beyond me.  Don't freak out.  Yeah, you're fine.  If I go home, I go home.  Dan sitting pretty. Two immunity idol, the majority alliance telling him  what's going on. He should feel like king of the castle. So internally I’m thinking  like, get yourself together, slap yourself into schaap. It could be so much  worse.  It's just whatever. Screw it.  You want to put my name out, there i'll show you what I can do. She's got to  go.  Dan. Dan!  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. Let's get to your first individual  immunity challenge. First things first, take back the statutes. Tribal  immunity no m. Individual immunity is now what you covet.  Beautiful.  Jeff: With this around your neck, you cannot be voted out. Let's get to it.  For today's challenge, you're going to swing a pendulum through a frame and  around a statue. If at any point your pendulum stops or your statue falls,  you're out. Last person left standing wins immunity, safe from the vote.  Losers tribal council where somebody will be the eighth person voted at of  "Survivor: David vs. Goliath." take your spots. We'll get started.  All right. Everybody grab your pendulum. Start swinging. Give everybody a  chance to get momentum. Once everybody has momentum, the challenge will  start. Quiet is a good thing. Everyone has momentum. This challenge is on.  Another unique challenge on "Survivor," something you're not going  to be practicing in your backyard, but now you're called on to do it. If your  tach chew drops, you're out. If you fall off, you're out. If your pendulum  stops moving, you're out. You can hit that frame, just keep your momentum  going, keep that statue on its perch. Mike loses momentum. Mike is out. First  one out of this challenge. Michael take a spot on the bench. That's how fast  it can go. We're down to 12. Christian loses momentum. Christian is out of  the challenge. There's no wiggle room in this game. Survivors do or die every  day. Right now the statue is the least of the worries. Just keeping momentum  is hard. Carl now playing it. Carl loses momentum. Carl is out. We're down to  ten. Gabby loses momentum. Gabby is out of the challenge. We're down to nine.  Elizabeth looking good. John looks look he's been doing this for years.  Every day I do.  Jeff: Just like that Kara loses momentum. Kara is out of the challenge. We  are now down to eight. Ten minutes into this first round. At 15 minutes you  will switch hands, going in the same direction, a live switch. Alec is now  playing it. Alec clanging. He's okay. Davie with a hiccup but nice recovery.  That clang is the dinner bell at tribal council. When you bang that frame,  you've got to keep your pendulum moving Nick drops his statue. We're down to  seven. Alison, Alec, dan, Davie, John, Elizabeth, and Angelina all still  fighting for immunity. All right. We are getting ready to move to the next  phase of this challenge. You're going to switch hands. Time to start making  your move. Three, two, one, switch hands. Davie can't make the transition.  He's out. Angelina drops. She's out. And we are down to five Alec drops his  statue. We're down to four. John steps off. John out of the challenge. We're  down to three. Alison, dan, and Elizabeth. Elizabeth now clanging. Dan drops  his statue. Dan no shot at immunity. We're down to two. Alison versus Elizabeth,  one Goliath, one David. One immunity necklace. This is it, a showdown. You  cannot lose focus, not this far into the challenge. You have to keep going.  You have to keep swinging. Elizabeth out of nowhere loses momentum. Alison  wins first individual immunity.  Good job, Alison.  Jeff: Alison, come on over.  I'm trying to hug you.  Jeff: Hug me. I like it.  All right, girl.  I needed a new piece of jewelry.  Jeff: What are you feeling right now in because I can feel your entire body  is just pulsing.  I'm literally in ecstasy. All I’m thinking about is when my parents and my  family watch this, how proud they're going to be. [applause]  Jeff: Alison safe tonight at tribal council. As for the rest of you, after 20  tough days, somebody going home tonight. Grab your stuff, head back to camp.  See you tonight at tribal council. It won't be you. Congrats.  That's right.  Jeff: Elizabeth not winning was a big factor. Elizabeth was throwing out my  name. That mountain hawks me want -- that makes me want to get her out of  here. On top of us, it would be stupid not to get a David out. It's not hard,  not hard at all.  To me Elizabeth is not necessarily a threat. Like maybe a little bit. She's a  medium threat.  She was one today.  She's a medium threat. Let me finish. Let me finish. So she's a medium  threat. She doesn't have any allies. She doesn't have any social graces, so  why not use this opportunity to blind side the Davids when they think it's  going to be Elizabeth. Christian the other night, he's the biggest threat on  the Davids. He's the only one who can beat us probably on that side. It  breaks my heart. I love the guy, but he could beat us all. I don't want to  sit around and wait for the game to come to me. I want to take out the  biggest threat right now. And that is Christian. He's a Goliath in his own  right. And I’m hoping to sway him at tonight's tribal.  In military warfare, you never want your enemy to know when you're going to  hit. It's always a bad call. They know it's Elizabeth. Given that my husband  served in the marine corps, the way that I’m angling the conversation to the Goliath  tribe is really based off of military tack tux. It kind of gets them fired  up, luke we're going into battle. So it's intentional language I’m using to  get my tribe in the game.  So tonight I’m rally depending on other Goliaths to execute my vision, our  vision, and take out thebiggest David in this game.  In the context of this game it makes sense.  Angelina has this bright idea that Elizabeth isn't the biggest threat,  therefore she doesn't need to go, well, me, I’m torn, because Christian is a  brochocho. I love that kid to death. The real thing that bugs me is she's  talking all these military terms. Sorry, you're not in the military. That  means you don't know jack squat. It's easy when your name is not being thrown  out, there but if we're in an alliance and we're going to take care of each  other. Christian ain't going to win the next nine immoonities, we can take  him out. How hard is that to understand? It's basic.  The story we're selling them is that we're so pa -- thetic that we'd rather turn  on ourselves, anyone but me. Act luck we don't have power.  Originally I was fine with voting off Elizabeth as sort of a sacrificial lamb  knowing that after this vote I have people that want to work with me.  What are they doing down there?  Talking.  But to be a David and feel like an underdog and to see it play out in real  time where the Goliaths walk up and down the beach and feel like they have  their pick of the litter of who they want to take out, it's just so -- I wouldn't  expect anything less of the Goliaths.  It's hard to feel like your fate is in somebody else's hand.  It's so infuriating to feel like an underdog this whole game and have to sit  there in the shelter and hope that it's not you.  They just get so set in their ways.  She's not even convincing either. The thing is know about you strike force.  You have no what idea right now. Angelina, the master manipulator, she wants  to get out Christian. But I have built this little small army of three Davids  and three Goliaths, and if I were to vote out Christian, I lose trust now  with not only Gabby, Nick, and Christian, but I lose trust with all the Davids,  because in their eyes I’m just sticking with the Goliaths and then it's us  against them.  We can't flip on Gabby and Christian.  We still solid?  Yes.  Right now voting out Christian is not best for my game. Hear me out, I’m solid.  Just... It makes me nervous the unpredictability, then predictable nature of Elizabeth.   We should have got Elizabeth. Then we decided Christian.  I feel like we should get Elizabeth.  We all four want Elizabeth.  I want Elizabeth.  We need to convince who?  Angelina.  What if Angelina says no?  Then it's going to be --  i think we need to talk to Angelina.  I'll talk to Angelina.  Right now it's better to get rid of the chaos.  I disagree, but i'll go with the group. I'll do it, but I disagree.  It's like extremely frustrate took obama rushed by completely different plan  to, have Dan be super continue sending. I don't appreciate that.  She's over there whispering. It's not her decision. He makes me super nervous  now. Now I don't even feel safe in my own home, in my own land. And it's  second day, third day of the merge. And he should have recognized that this  is part of the inherent risk in flip-flopping again when your group already  made a decision.  Right.  And I wasn't even there to be part of that decision. Like at least the first  time we were all there and said 100%. I was told what the do. That's what  we're trying to avoid. That's what we're trying to avoid.  Hey.  We should not be talking. I'll probably get in trouble. They're throwing your  name out there. But I’m the only person, I want to be up front with you,  because i've got nothing but amazingness from you, and I have tried. I  thought I had a different plan. Then they flipped again.  I appreciate that.  You have a big heart, and I just respect you as a person. I just didn't want  this.  I really appreciate that. You have no idea what that means to me.  I just figured the more information. I would rather see you here tomorrow  than some of these people.  All right. I'm going to go back. No, it's okay. I'm good. Angelina came to  me, sorry if I start crying, but I came here to win "Survivor." I didn't  come here to get voted out. And I’m willing to do whatever it takes, and that  includes betraying somebody.  That's what she told you?  Yeah. She's in the lying to me.  Is it true?  Yes.  I ain't going to get my feelings hurt because it's a game.  Tell the Goliaths that Angelina is telling their plan and we get Angelina out.   You think that high work?  I new there would be a daylight right now.  So let's do it tonight, right? And I’m not going to back down, because I am  here to win. I am here to win "Survivor." I did not come here to  leave tonight. Right? Right? So it's going to be an interesting tribal  council.  Jeff: Wow. Here we are. Alison, the merge vote often sets the tone for the  back half of the season. Do you sense that might be the case with tonight's  vote?  I thank God I have this around my neck, because before I was only having to  manage four of my own relationships. Now I’m managing 12 relationships and I’m  having the take the expoant of that and I’m managing a ton of relationships.  How many combinations of relationships do you have to worry about?  144 is the number.  Jeff: There are so many possible configurations of people. Is that something  you have to navigate all the time?  Yeah. There's so many conversations going on. You are trying to keep  everything in line and we're going to see whether and not it's still David  versus Goliath. But everything is shifted and, yeah.  Jeff: Interesting pause. Angelina, do you believe it's still David versus Goliath?   Sorry. That was way too long of a pause. I think Goliaths want to take a more  conservative approach today. They want to stay united. It's one that I’m standing  behind today.  I disagree. The Goliaths are convincing themselves of this mirage that  everything is fine, when it's not the reality. The reality is that there's  fractures. I know that the Goliaths are going to be voting for me tonight.  Angelina told me today on the waterfall trail that she was going to be voting  for me. I think Goliaths know that there is a fracture in your group.  Just to jump in here since this is kind of -- like this is just bad strategy.  We had a conversation, and I just said some things that we talked about --  you probably should elaborate on that if you don't want your tribe to worry  about what "these things" are. I was non-committal because she was  hearing lies and I couldn't lie at that point. It was a rough afternoon.  I think she was already starting to manage the jury for her final tribal  council.  I agree.  That's what it is. That's what she came to me. She wanted my vote. Nobody  else told Elizabeth.  Because they want you to flip.  I'm ask you for an answer.  All I said was it's still up in the air, and she looked at me and I said, I can't  answer that.  Elizabeth came to us, the Davids, and said, "i just heard it was my  name." she was trying to get my jury vote and I fell like y'all deserve  better than that.  We're at 13 people. I'm not thinking that far ahead. I'm focusing right now.  I'm with Goliath. I was not backstabbing anyone. They're trying to fracture  us. Guys...  Alison, walk me through the managing the jury. The jury does begin tonight.  The power is going to shift, and the person that we write down tonight is  going to determine if we're worthy of $1 million. So you can have a human  moment with someone and say, I didn't want it to be this way, but it's going  to be you, and then you've pocketed a vote.  But Gabby, that's how good players play. If you can get away with it, it  could be a $1 million vote at the end.  I think Angelina did probably want to have a human moment with Elizabeth.  What hurts me is how they can expect if she hears her name to not want to  play.  I feel like Elizabeth is basically trying to throw us a lifeline and trying  to point out where there may be a fracture. I'm sorry that it's you, Angelina,  but you can't be insulted that Elizabeth wants to play.  I'm not insulted with the play, Gabby.  She wants to help her former tribe, because the fact of the matter is we're  at the bottom.  I can't imagine what that feels like, well, I kind of can because I feel like  I might be right there with you. But they're trying to fracture us. They're  using me to try to get the numbers back.  Obviously you think we're going to sit here and get picked off one by one.  Obviously!  Obviously!  I don't fault you for it, but I am checking in with my tribe. Your name is  not out there, Gabby. Your name is not out there.  I understand that, but we've been at the bottom this whole time so we're used  to it.  Okay, the struggle was real. Jabeni was at the bottom, too, I feel you girl.  I should have just lied, Jeff, because now all of this is happening, but what  people know about me is I am an authentic person, and this game is hard for  someone who is trying to be a loving person because you have to cut people.  Jeff: But Angelina, whether you meant it or not is a little irrelevant. People  have a perception, so how do you deal with that?  Again, it was not jury manage. It was a raw human moment where I couldn't  lie. I apologize to my tribe. I wasn't trying to be sneaky.  Yeah, you were trying to be sneaky. I think that it's important that the Goliaths  know that there are fractures.  Jeff: What is your hope for tonight, Elizabeth?  I would like to see the Davids stick together with one or two Goliaths. Goliath  got his head chopped off because he was ar gaptd and he thought he had it. I  feel like that same attitude is going on with the Goliaths. Are you going to  deal with the fractures now or later? I'm hoping one were to people will join  the David side. Because I feel like the David side does want to be strong.  Jeff: Angelina, are you concerned that Elizabeth's big swing might end up  hitting you.  I sure hope not, Jeff, because I feel really strongly about the alliance that  I’m in. If I had any hesitation today to write down Elizabeth's name, it is  all gone now. I'm excited to go vote for Elizabeth and I hope that our team  stays strong in that decision to do so.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Carl, you're up.  Seriously. I was trying to help you out. I hope you go home.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want the play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. Once the votes are  read, the decision is final. The person voted out will be asked to leave the  tribal council area immediately. I'll read the votes. First vote, Angelina.  Elizabeth. Elizabeth. Elizabeth. That's three votes Elizabeth, one vote Angelina.  Elizabeth. That's four votes Elizabeth. Elizabeth. That's five votes Elizabeth.  One vote Angelina. Elizabeth. Six votes Elizabeth. Eighth person voted out  and first member of our jury, Elizabeth. Seven, that's enough, you need to  bring me your torch.  Well, Jeff, miguel was to come in and have and be myself, and I did.  Jeff: Well done. The tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  Good luck you guys. I love you all. I really do.  See you, Elizabeth.  Funny way of showing it.  Jeff: Well, despite a unanimous vote, it's clear from tonight's tribal  council that this group of 12 is anything but united. Grab your torches. Head  back to camp. Good night. Captioning funded by cbs captioned by media access  group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," when trust dissolve dissolves.  I feel manipulated.  Angelina, you slimebal.  Jeff: And bonds crumble.  Gabby is not taking this alliance seriously.  That's a weird thing to say.  Jeff: No one is safe.  So we take him out next?  It could be a #brochachoblindside.  Well, I got voted out. I did what I could. It fell on deaf ears, but I certainly  hope that some cracks are built in the Goliath tribe, because I would really  like to see a David win this game. I still love "Survivor" more  than I ever have in my life and I still had a great time