<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor," after the merge, the Goliaths had  the advantage.  The numbers are 7-6. We need to stay Goliath strong.  Jeff: But an alliance formed across tribal lines.  We have a solid six.  Three former Davids. Three former Goliaths. I'd call it a strike force.  Jeff: Facing tribal council, there was a unanimous target.  We all want Elizabeth.  Jeff: But Angelina spoiled "the blind side."  they're throwing your name out there. I just wanted to tell you.  I appreciate it.  Jeff: At tribal council, Elizabeth outed Angelina.  Angelina told me today that she was going to be voted for me.  They're using me to get the numbers back.  Obviously you think we're going to sit here and get picked off one by one.  I don't, I don't.  Jeff: And put the spotlight on Angelina.  I think she was starting to manage the jury for her final tribal council.  I agree.  Jeff: But Elizabeth couldn't save herself. Elizabeth, the tribe has spoken.  12 are left. Who will be voted out tonight? Captioning funded by cbs  tribal council was a doozy. I did not expect Elizabeth to drag my name  through the mud. She manipulated something that wasn't. Now I understand why  everyone wanted her out. Telling Elizabeth it was her name on the block was  jury manage. , and I got caught red handed. So I need to reassure everyone  that this was a mistake. I walked toward the water line, and she followed me  into the forest, and she was badgering me for a name. It's super frustrating  because it was a moment of weakness. It wasn't a moment of strategy. Do you  know what I’m saying? And for her to say I took her aside and told her it was  her, that's just in the true.  Okay.  Angelina tries the make up some story that, wah, cry, it's not my fault, I had  a moment of weakness. Like really?  She's more of a threat than I thought she was. I didn't know her.  Angelina, you slimeball.  That was 100% a jury management.  I am not for one minute buying that lie. It doesn't make sense because I saw  them go to the well.  You were working the jury. You went and talked to her. That's all there is to  it.  My eyes were big and she figured it out.  That's where I have even more of a problem, if you're not going to own your  mistakes and say, hey, I tried make a bold move, it backfired, I’m sorry. If  you're not willing to do that, then I can't trust you, so as far as I’m concerned,  the first opportunity I get, she's gone.  It was crazy. Angelina blew up her own spot effectively. That was the one  takeaway I had. But Angelina in a way, now she's kind of been defanged or something,  because it's like the jig is up I guess. The six, we haven't talked that much  since we've brought up the six or whatever.  We can talk now if that's okay.  I was legit about all that. And like I’m totally on the level about it.  This six is awesome.  Yes.  I've been calling it the strike force because we have the ability to strike  anywhere and with anyone. The strike force of six consists of three former Davids  and three former Goliaths. We got myself, Gabby, and Nick on one side. On the  other side you have Mike, Alison, and Alec. Our primary strategy is to vote  out one of the Goliaths. Right now they seem amenable to vote ang lee  narcotic but I think this will be a pivotal test of trust for the strike  force.  We're insear. I hope you're sincere. Gabby at tribal council was making me  feel like she's not really taking this alliance seriously or she wouldn't be  so angry, talking about the Davids, like they're picking us off one by one.  It's like, okay, you clearly don't believe anything we've been telling you.  Right now there is this six, but the truth is that some of the things Gabby  was saying last night actually made me feel like she's not fully on board.  Maybe these Davids are really thinking along tribal lines in ways that I wasn't  thinking about. I know you're tight with her, but that was my only anxious  takeaway. Are we really doing this?  Gabby does get emotional at time, but we are solid. Mike has concerns about Gabby  in that he was a little worried about gab yes's commitment to the six.  That's a weird thing to say. At least he told me, though.  There are so many trees. Maybe it will be like a coconut or whatever. Maybe  there will be something under those murky waters.  Maybe. At this point the Davids are down numbers. So even though Angelina is  in trouble, me and Davie went out to find an idol.  Look for something out of place, string or anything. What's this?  Dude. Yes!  What is that?  Sure enough we see a blue ribbon. So we unravel it, and it's this beautiful  symbol I remember from the merge that looks like a cool '80s design I could  put on a t-shirt. So I’m like, okay, well, what is it? I'm thinking we got to  find a palm tree sticking out on a cliff.  It's all starting to come together. This is a clue. All right. We need to  start looking around this island. Palm tree and a cliff.  So we come out of the trail on the beach, and then my boy Carl comes and  joins us. And then we saw a freakin' palm tree coming out of a cliff like the  symbol on the freakin' whatever the thing is we just found, and because these  other people are right there, what I did was I let them continue to just walk  while I kind of just created a diversion to make them think that I’m just out  here enjoying life.  Look at Davie?  What is he doing? Tae kwon do?  I'm over here doing my own thing. Meantime, I know Nick is gung ho, bam, bam,  bam, bam, bam.  I get to the tree, and I see a little ribbon tied around the parchment just  the way this clue was hidden. "congratulations. You now have power in  the game. This advantage allows you to steal the vote from another player at  tribal council. The player whose vote you steal will not vote. En stead you  will cast a second vote."  he has an advantage.  You have an idol nullifier.  Oh, my God, dude, we are set. This could be my slingshot that I use to take  down a Goliath. I mean, this could be the stone that goes right to its head.  We found an advantage.  We found an advantage. We get an extra vote.  Okay. Perfect. We've got an advantage in the game. Another one. Because right  now I got a freakin' idol, my very own, no one else knows.  We've got two advantages. We have an idol nullifier.  Carl has the idol nullifier, which allows him to smash any idols that are  played, and now we have a freakin' steal-a-vote if we need it.  We're the only three that know it.  We're out here starting from the bottom. Now we're here, baby.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. Let's get to today's reward challenge. For  today's challenge, you'll be divided into two teams of six. On my go, you'll  hold sandbags connected to a trough above your head. If at any point a  sandbag drops, that trough will dump, and your shot at victory will wash  away. The last team standing wins reward. Want to know what you're playing  for?  Yes!  Jeff: It is one of the greatest pleasures in life, pizza.  No way, no way!  Oh, my God.  Jeff: A dozen pizzas, meat and vegetarian, waiting for the winning six become  at camp.  Wow.  Oh, my God.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Maybe after 21 days you guys have actually forgotten what pizza tastes  like.  Yes, we have.  Oh, no. Really? Have at it, Gabby.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: One tiny slice for 12 people.  Make sure there's enough for everyone.  Jeff: Dan and general and Alec on the end hoping there's something left.  Is that bacon? Is that bacon?  You take a bite and i'll take a bite. Oh, yes.  Oh, man.  Jeff: Worth playing for?  Yeah.  Jeff: All right. We'll do a schoolyard pick for teams. We'll get started.  Oh, great.  Jeff: Let's do it. All right. You've divided eight sandbags between the six  of you. Hold your sand bags above your heads. Everybody looking good. And  this challenge is on. Gabby was a captain. She chose Christian, Alison, John,  Alec, and Nick. Mike was a captain. He chose Carl, Kara, Davie, dan, and Angelina.  Each sandbag weighs ten pounds, you must always be holding one bag, but you  can pass the extras as much as you want.  Good for now?  Uh-huh.  Jeff: Every 15 minutes one player will drop out and have to give their  sandbag to someone else. So the longer this challenge goes, the more weight  you're going to be carrying. We're in the very early stages of what is going  to become very difficult. You want those pizza, you will definitelyern them  today. -- you will definitely earn them today. -- you will definitely earn  them today. All right. It is time the lose one member from each team. Who is  it going to be?  Me.  Jeff: Gabby is going to opt out. Angelina is going to opt out. Take a spot  down here on the front.  I chose the dream team. You got this.  Thank you, Gabby.  Jeff: Now you have ten more pounds to distribute amongst the five of you. Now  it's going to get difficult.  John, give it to me, because I want the save your arm.  Jeff: Nick going to trade off with Alec. A lot of move. Going on. That's th  challenge, trade off. When it gets too heavy, pass it out.  Shake it out.  Jeff: You got to keep it above your head. Mike, how you doing?  I have a heavy bag. I think this is the heaviest bag out here. [laughter] Mike.  Why is he so funny?  Jeff: Everybody feeling it. It's really a question of who is masking it  better. It's really a question of who is masking it better. All right. Who is  going to be the next person to drop out?  Christian, you drop.  I will drop.  Jeff: Carl is going to drop. Give it away, Carl.  Good luck. You got this.  Jeff: Christian is out. Carl is out. Carl can barely move. That back  spasming. We're now down to four on each team. Now 80 pounds for four of you.   Take one of these real quick. I'm losing my grip. I just need a second.  I'll take it.  Jeff: Now it's going to get heavy. Purple struggling now. Dan passing back to  Davie. Davie struggling to keep them up. Davie gives them back to dan.  I can take one if you want.  I'm good now.  You sure?  Yeah.  Everybody okay?  Yes.  Jeff: This could end at any moment if somebody just can't hold anymore and  drops their sandbags. That trough will dump water, and it's over. It's about  willpower right now.  Come on, bro.  Jeff: Nobody is comfortable. Everybody wants this to be over. They just want  the other four to drop first.  Put it back on mine. I'm honestly fine.  Jeff: That pizza will taste so good when you know you earned it.  Don't let that freakin' fall.  Jeff: Dan one handing three bags. Impressive and risky.  Where you got a bag?  Right here.  Where's the three at?  We're playing smart. Dan drops, and this is it. He got confident with his  three bags and cost his team the win. Orange wins reward. A dozen pizzas  waiting back at camp.  My arms are burning so bad.  Jeff: All right. Nick, Gabby, Christian, Alec, John, Alison, a dozen pizzas waiting  for you back at camp, and for you only. Will that give you an advantage in  the next immunity challenge? Most likely. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp.  Enjoy the pizzas.  Thank you.  Jeff: Mike, Kara, Davie, Carl, Angelina, got nothing for you. Grab your  stuff, head back to camp.  We got nothing for you either.  Jeff: Finally, what someone thinks.  The challenge was Dan being way to cocky. He thinks he can run his mouth. I  can't wait for it to catch up with him and bite him in the ass.  Crushed peppers.  Congrats, you guys.  Thank you.  Oh, my God.  So we get back the camp, and, of course, the pizza, breadstick, and soda were  lovingly spread in the middle of camp. The winners can help themselves. We  start eating right there in front of everyone.  We can't lose whatever we had in the first place.  Take it somewhere else. I'm happy to start in on the rice if you want the tag  team.  Should I go ahead and kill the chicken?  When when we lost the reward, it became clear that I’m not here for reward  and I’m here to get to the end of the game. Other people get caught up in the  moment of the pizza and they forget what the real drama is here, which is  staying in the game. How do you outlast everyone else? For me that is my  focus. And so I fell like I needed to take just a moment to look at all my  options. I have a Goliath alliance, and I have a new alliance of six, which  includes three Goliaths and three Davids. But I’m starting to realize that if  I go with the six, there's the risk the Davids might pull a fast one on me,  take control of the game and screw me over. I want the make sure that that  doesn't happen. Okay. Here is the thing, my fear is we vote out Angelina now,  there is still room for something that we can't control could happen. Because  the person left on the field that is the most dangerous to win the game is Christian.  He's one of those guys in a week were to weeks, you're going to be like, why  did we not take this I go out when we had the chance.  Yeah.  Christian is somebody I wanted to work with, but I worry because I think he's  just as smart as I am and can actually pull some moves I don't see coming.  Like Carl and Davie, they're not going to mount somen vux, -- unsure rest,  and gaBi couldn't get people to follow her into battle but Christian could.  He's the last person who could weasel his way to the end. That's my two  corrects on that.  Mike wants to blow up the alliance of six by voting out Christian and just  continue to be Goliath strong for now. And take out a big threat. I totally  hear his point, but if we do this, I’m locked in with the Goliaths, an I don't  know if that's best for my game.  The only person who is like a strong player out here besides us is Christian.   Christian.  Anybody watching this season, either they're rooting for Christian and  they're like, why aren't they taking out that guy.  He's everybody's favorite guy.  So we take him out next, no more discussion. No more running around tomorrow.  That's the plan.  This was my plan. This was my idea. I was trying to lead the charge on Christian  last vote, and now I am having flashbacks to all those times, either me or  another woman had thrown out an idea and a few minutes later a man throws out  the same idea and everybody is like, that's a great idea. Let's do that. And  you're like, um, I just said that a few minutes ago.  You guys know I want this.  The only question is what we're going to tell him.  The only thing he's going the believe is --  why don we stay tight-lipped and say nothing.  Because after last night's fiasco, he's going the believe it.  Don't you want to be the star of another tribal council, Angelina.  I'd rather noting but if that's what we've got to do, that's what we've got  to do.  Because my name was thrown out there so much last tribal, I am the decoy in  order for us to blindside Christian, yet very easily I could become the real  deal, because since we're telling the Davids to vote for me, if something  crazy happens, it could be the demise of my game.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! All right. Let's get to today's immunity challenge.  First things first, Alison, take back the necklace.  Dang it.  Jeff: Thank you. Once again immoonty is back up for grabs. For today's  challenge you're going to balance on narrow perch while holding a buoy  between two handles. If at any point you fall off the perch or your buoy  drops, you're out. Last person left standing wins immunity, safe from the  vote. Losers tribal council where somebody will be the ninth person voted  out, second member of our jury. Take your spots. We'll get started. All right.  Here we go. Everybody get on your perch and pick up your buoys. Take a deep  breath, get focused. All right. Everybody looks good, and this challenge is  on. This could go very fast. We've done this challenge one time, in  "game changers." brad culpepper won it in 23 minutes.  My hero.  Jeff: You are not yet 23 seconds. Kara in trouble. Kara is the first one  outs. We're down to 11. Kara will take a spot on the bench. Now it's Alison  in trouble. Christian drops. He's out. No shot at immunity. Alison drops.  She's out. No shot at immunity. Early casualties. Davie now drops. It's now John  in trouble. He drops.  Come on, bro.  Jeff: Gabby is out an we're quickly down to six. Carl now shaking. Wow. Carl  is out. We're down to five. We have already lost seven people. It is Alec, Mike,  Angelina, dan, and Nick fighting for immunity. Safety at tribal council. Alec  loses his balance, falls off. Alec is out. We're down to four. Get back in  control. Mike wobbleling. Mike can't recover. We're down to three. A long way  away from where brad culpepper was when he won it. What is different this  time? Angelina starting to wobble, but a nice recovery. Nick struggling. Can  he recover in no, Nick drops. We have a showdown, and they are side by side, Angelina  and Dan for immunity. Angelina holding hers up. Dan holding his down. Both  work. Two Goliaths battling it out for safety at tonight's tribal council.  Tribal council looming tonight. Ninth person out of this game will join the  jury. Dan with a nice recovery. Sweat dripping, legs shaking. Angelina's legs  twitching. Stay strong. Both players dripping sweat.  Drip, drip, drip.  Jeff: With $1 million potentially on the line. Dan wobbling again. Angelina  slipping out of the hole. She's got to recover. That's it. Angelina drops.  Dan wins individual immunity, safe tonight at tribal council. [applause] dan,  come on over.  Good job, dan.  Jeff: Dan safe tonight at tribal council. Cannot be voted out of this game.  Sadly, for the rest of you, after 22 tough days, somebody will be the ninth  person voted out and become the second member of our jury. Grab your stuff,  head back to camp. See you tonight at tribal.  Thanks, Jeff.  I hope that tonight we blindside Christian. I think we need the stay together  as the dysfunctional Goliath family we are. I just hope the Goliaths can keep  their egos in check an we can make this work.  Congratulation, dan.  Congrats, dan. That was hard.  Good job, Angelina.  Laser focused.  Epic win.  I was locked in, dude. I was like, I’m not letting Angelina beat me.  Congratulations, man.  Appreciate it.  The vote is going to be easy tonight.  I'm guessing there is a plan.  Angelina.  Angelina. Can't have those kind of shenanigans.  Tonight's vote is going to be a huge shock for the Davids. The story we've  been telling them is everyone is going to vote out Angelina, but what  actually is happening is the Goliaths are all on the same page tonight to  vote out Christian, and it sucks. He's an honorary brochacho, but he's smart.  He's charismatic. He's good socially. And because of that he's a threat. So  tonight it's going to be a #brochachoblindside.  Hard to be in the hot seat. Even if it's a presumably fake hot seat.  I get it, but you need to keep it simple, because if we try to get all crazy,  that's when stuff goes awry. I know it doesn't feel good to have your name  being thrown out, there but we have seven of us against five of them. Okay.  After what happened at the last tribal council, my name is on people's lips.  If the Davids have any sort of power, a.k.a. An idol, they could protect Christian,  in which case, the next runner-up is me.  It's just very stressful.  But Angelina, you're the one that messed up. No, listen to me. You messed up,  right? And if Christian whips out an idol, i'll pull out the idol and give it  to you. It's not a problem. I don't want you gone.  Dude, she's got to go.  Angelina?  Yeah.  It's just we need to get a David out before we take her. My question is, Christian  busts out an idol --  i don't think Christian has an idol.  I don't think he does either. Do we still give it to Angelina or do we not?  I'm saying new york because we still have the numbers at that point.  You down with that? You good with that?  Okay.  I would love to get Angelina out. Angelina is a threat, an she does need to  go. But if everyone's going to vote for Christian, I’m going to have to go  with it. However, I don't want Nick to feel blindsided by this vote. Nick and  I have a good relationship. I don't want to lose his trust.  I got to be 100% honest with you?  Uh-huh.  They're blindsiding Christian.  Mike is really worried about Christian. Christian would beat us.  Uh-huh.  I don't know what's going on with Mike. I thought we were on the same page.  Well, now all of a sudden he wants Christian out immediately. I'm like, what happened  to the alliance of six.  Trust me, like I’m going against my alliance in a way. You could very easily  go if you wanted to.  As far as I can tell, the plan for Angelina is on.  Bro.  Tell me what you're thinking.  I think they're full of... They're lying to you. You need to do something.  You think it's that desperate?  Yeah.  Everyone is talking, oh, it's Angelina, it's Angelina, it's Angelina, which  is comfortling but extremely suspicious. Now Nick is telling me, they're  lying to you, man, and all of a sudden I’m wondering if the Goliaths are  thinking, that Christian, he's wiley, let's get rid of them.  Let's figure out who the leader is.  How do we do it without a Goliath vote.  Just don't do nothing, just whatever you were doing before we talked, keep  doing that.  Definitely, definitely, man. It makes perfect sense. Why would they turn on  one of their own when they could take out a big threat and have the Davids on  their knees. If that's the case, I’m screwed. I don't have an idol. I don't  have immoonty. I got nothing.  I have a question for you, Davie, would you use the advantage to save Christian?   He's in trouble?  Yeah.  Why are they talking him already?  They're convinced that he's this huge threat. Like I was hoping to save it  until we're like in the final six orfinal seven or something, but I don't  want the see Christian go.  If the Goliaths are going for Christian already, that means maybe their plan  is to pick the Davids off one by one by one by one. Nick is going on about  man we need to use the steal-a-vote to save Christian, but the only thing  that can save him for sure is the hidden immunity idol that I have in my pock  which Nick doesn't know about.  So will you use it?  At least let's think about it.  I would like the help Christian, but there is definitely a part saying, Davie,  you're not in trouble, save your idol. Maybe if we use the steal-a-vote, we  can make something happen.  I'm not ready to see Christian go. He's part of the mason-dixon. I have some  moves still. I could use my advantage, steal a Goliath's vote and cause a tie  vote. It's possible it could work, because they probably ain't going to draw  a rock for Angelina, but if I use this to steal a Goliath's vote an they all  stick together and come out on top, then I’m screwed because it's going to be  me next. I'm so under the radar right now. Nobody is looking the vote me out.  So I got some decisions to make. And if I screw up, it could be my downfall  in this game.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the first member of our jury. Elizabeth voted out at  the last tribal council. So Angelina, the last tribal was a unanimous vote,  but it was anything but united.  Just a little bit.  Jeff: So when you get back the camp, what went down with you?  You know, I wanted to make sure that everyone in my alliance was crystal  clear on what went down, why it went down, and I’m putting a lot of faith in  the people who said that they have forgiven me and are moving forward, and I’m  hoping that that is the truth.  Jeff: Nick was there any talk amongst the Davids of saying, maybe Angelina,  she took some heat last tribal, maybe she's our crack.  Of course, but if there is a Goliath alliance, it don't matter how mad they  are. They might keep her around.  Jeff: Mike, why not keep Goliath seven. It's five easy votes.  There's an argument for, that but the Davids have been an influence the last  vote and will be an influence to this vote tonight, so it's a lot more  complicated than that.  Jeff: Davie, surprise you to hear Mike say Davids were involved with the Elizabeth  vote and there will be Davids involved with tonight's vote, because that  doesn't sound like Goliaths versus Davids.  Absolutely, Jeff. Elizabeth did a great thing. She exposed some cracks. You  had Alison talking about jury management. You got Angelina telling secrets.  So, you know, I want to hope that what Mike is saying is true.  I don't believe it one bit, Jeff. They got the numbers, man. What else can we  do? You can tell a person trust me all day long, but I trust you more after I  see the votes read versus just sitting here talking.  Jeff: John, that really is it. You don't know what the other people are going  to do. You don't know if they're saying the truth or if they're pulling fast  one on you. How do you navigate all of that?  Ultimately you get what you give. If you don't give anything, you don't  really have chance of receiving anything honest from anybody.  The problem is if you get what you give, they high just give you that back.  If you give to the wrong person, then you're boned.  It work both ways. You don't gann trust just by boston, people around or  telling people how to vote. It has to be a give and take relationship. And I feel  like I have that relationship with some people here. They know that I’m ready  to work with them, not just tonight, but for the rest of the game.  Jeff: John, when you hear Nick say, I don't care what happens tonight, I’m loyal,  what does that say about where we are in the game?  Well, I don't personally know exactly what's going to happen tonight, but for  me, I am for voting out threats, because when you respect someone as a  threat, they might not be good for your game and it might be better for them  to go.  Jeff: Christian, general says for him it's getting rid of threats. I go back  to day one, you're selected as the perceived weakest, turns out you weren't.  Are you worried that you might be the obvious target?  Of course that is my worry. You never want to be too much of a threat in this  game. What did I do? I just came out and announced myself, hello, my name is  threat in the first ten minutes.  Jeff: Big bang theory they call you.  But you want to manage your threat level in "Survivor." that's  something I neglected in this game. As a result, I could be an enormous  target. But I just have to point out that in spite of David versus Goliath,  you know, we have some Davids on the brochachos, as well.  Jeff: What's your point with that?  I'm hoping that these bonds I built across these swapped tribes mean  something.  Although I would argue that thatten creases his threat actually.  So you're arguing, Angelina, that I’m an enormous threat.  I wasn't putting you out at the biggest.  But just said big threat and you're like, actually even bigger threat. I want  to make sure --  that's what you coat tribal council. You elevate others over yourself in  order to move the target away from you.  Make sure I understand perfectly what you mean, and I think you've done that.   Of course.  Jeff: Angelina, is it ever possible to have a vote and go back luke you were  before the vote?  I think last vote was probably the last time that we would go back the camp  mellow and united.  Jeff: So there will be a consequence to tonight's vote?  There has to be, and depending on where the looks are drawn, there will be  some happy people and some unhappy people. An we're all going to have to  sleep together regardless. No all right. It is time to vote. Nick, you're up.  I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want  the play it, now would be the time to do so.  What?  Can I say a few things, Jeff?  Sure.  For the people in my alliance, I’m sorry I had to hide this from you guys,  but I think you'll understand. And I’m nervous, Jeff, but I’m nor nervous for  Christian. This is for him.  Jeff: Okay. This is a hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast for Christian will  not count.  I want the take care of my alliance, too.  Oh, my God, dan, I love you. I want the play this for Angelina.  Jeff: Okay.  Oh, my God.  Did you say who it was for.  Yeah.  Thank you, dan.  Jeff: This is a hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast for Angelina will not  count.  Wow. That's my angel right there. Oh, my God.  Jeff: All right. I'll read the votes.  This is David versus Goliath.  Jeff: First vote, Christian. Does not count. Christian. Does not count.  Christian. Does not count. Christian, does not count. Christian, does not  count. Christian. Does not count. Christian. Does not count. Angelina.  Thank God.  Jeff: Does not count. Angelina. Does not count.  Now what?  You guys are tough, man.  Jeff: John. Within vote John. Ninth person volted out an the second member of  our jury. John, that's two,s that enough. You need to bring me your torch.  Good one, guys.  Sorry to see you go.  John, I love you, man.  That's off the top rope, brother.  Good game, guys.  Jeff: John, the tribe has spoken.  We love you.  I still want top comptroller if that's okay.  You're in, brother.  Thank you.  Jeff: An now, like Angelina said, y'all get to go back to camp and live  together. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night. Captioning funded  by cbs captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor:" when there's a bad breakup.  Walk around the beach and figure it out.  I have to separate myself from him.  Jeff: You have to play the field.  Every single person is like, should I go over there?  Come to the David, come to the good side.  But there are always trust issues.  Dan is going home.  They're lying to my face again.  In classic Goliath fashion, David with the sling, two votes from a distance.  That's all it takes the take down a Goliath in the game of "Survivor."  ironically, I predicted tonight a brochacho blindside. I was talking about Christian,  and it ended up being me. Son of a bitch.