<br/>Jeff: Previously on "Survivor": Carl and Nick had two advantages:  oh, my God!  Jeff: And while Alec and Alison had a bond with the Davids...  We have to keep Nick and Gabby and Christian.  Jeff: ...it didn't stop them from sticking with the Goliaths.  So we take him out next.  The Goliaths are all on the same page tonight to vote out Christian.  Jeff: At tribal council, Davie played his idol.  I'm nervous for Christian. This is for him.  Jeff: Which frightened Angelina.  I'm going to take care of my alliance, too. I'm going to play this for Angelina.   Jeff: But the Davids had a different target. John sending John to the jury.  John, the tribe has spoken. 11 are left. Who will be voted out tonight?  Captioning funded by cbs  hey, guys, I want to say something real fast.  It's season 37, guys. I mean, I feel like the game has evolved enough to  where we can respect each other's game play without taking it personal.  Oh. My. God! Dude, I felt like I was in a wrestling match just now! All the  way from south carolina, Davie rickenbacker sakes down the mayor. Let's  gbaby! I got his jacket! I should put it on right now, man. I'm here to say  we're here to play, let's play, guys. Let's play. I'm the defeater of slam  town! Let's go!  Yup. They make the big move. All of us then are just picked off slowly but  surely.  Right.  My problem is that for two votes, I have told certain Davids-- namely, Christian  and Gabby-- that "oh, I’m gonna flip the script. I'm gonna vote out dan.  I'm going to vote out Angelina."  right.  And I haven't.  Right.  You know, I have been talk with these Davids about make a move, and I took  the conservative approach last tribal, and it didn't work out for me. But to  win this game, I want a resume, and I want to make big moves. And after a  bomb like that, my head is going a million miles a minute. I am trying to  think, well, where do my loyalties lie? We've been promising them to go with  them--  to do something with them.  If you don't do it on the third vote--  we're gonna miss the boat.  Yeah. From a numbers standpoint, the Goliaths still have the 6-5 advantage.  But Alison and I were actually contemplating flipping, and Mike kind of held  us back a little bit, but I think for us, we've been Goliath strong for too  long.  He's just sitting there thinking.  Tribal council, everything was just turned upside down. It just turned into a  giant mess. I played my idol on the wrong person, which is frustrating. And  then Kara and Alec and Alison go off and have a little powwow together, and I’m  sitting on the beach for, like, two freaking hours. Nobody pulls me aside for  a powwow. I just feel taken for granted and unappreciated. I felt that Kara  and I were rock solid. But it doesn't feel like that after the vote. I mean,  it hurts.  It's, like, I make the sacrifice for our tribe, and I get left out of  everything.  I feel like you're being emotional.  Yeah that's real good-- that's a real good thing to keep me out of.  Dan, who was once my ally, my go-to, is coming loose at the scenes. He is  emotional, and he's letting the game almost get to him.  I didn't even know you were over there!  Well, then you should walk around the beach and figure out who is speaking  where. This is "Survivor." you don't sit on the beach alone. I feel  like Dan is the anchor holding me down at a certain stage of the game. You  have to always be moving, always be talking, strategizing, trying to figure  out what to do next. I had a feeling this day would come, that I was gog have  to cut ties with him at some point. But this is not easy. In the normal  world, this wouldn't happen, but in this game, I know that [ voice breaking ]  it sucks. But it has to be done. I have to separate myself from him if I’m going  to win this game.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! All right, let's get to today's reward challenge. For  today's challenge, you're going to be divided into two teams of five. On my  "go," you'll make your way through an obstacle, and retrieve a bag  of numbered tiles. You'll make your way to the finish where those tiles release  a key. That key will unlock a snake puzzle. First team to finish their snake  puzzle wins reward. Want to know what qiewr playing for.  Oh, yeah.  Yeah!  Absolutely, Jeff.  Jeff: Prepare yourself for the boula burgir bar.  I knew it!  I need protein.  Jeff: Cheeseburgers! Bacon burgers!  Bacon!  Jeff: Cooked to order, cold bear, soft drinks. We're going to do a random  draw for two teams. There's one extra person, meaning one of you will not be  on a team. One of you will have no shoot reward.  Wow.  Jeff: All right, we'll draw for teams. We'll get started.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: All right, we did a random draw. We have our two teams. Wearing purple Angelina,  Christian, Alison, Gabby, and Nick. Wearing orange with a clear physical  advantage, Mike, Davie, dan, Alec and Kara. Carl drew the wrong rock. Carl,  no shot at reward. How you feeling?  I feel like I’m at exile all over again, Jeff.  Oh!  It sucks, man.  Jeff: Highs and lows of Survivor, right?  Absolutely.  Jeff: Here we go. For reward. Survivors ready? Go! Over-under. Pretty close  right now out of the gate. Can't do anything till everybody's there. Alec is  there. Dan's there. Nick is there for purple. Gotta get everybody there  first! Mike, finally. Go, orange, go, purple!  I'm good, go.  Jeff: Now you have to lift one person to untie those tiles.  I need higher. Stand on my shoulders.  We got you.  Got it.  Jeff: Alecs that. Going to drop. Go, orange! Now you're under that net. Gabby  taking a little longer. She's got it. Go, purple!  Careful!  We got you!  Let's go.  Jeff: You have to scrape up those knees but it will be worth it for the  burger.  Let's go, Mike.  Jeff: It's orange through. You gotta wait, Mike. Get back! Orange still  waiting on Davie. Go, Mike!  Jeff: Purple taking a long time to get under that net. Early lead to orange.  Mike now going to try to solve the combo for orange. You're good, purple, go!  It's going to be Christian and Mike! Mike going to give it a go for orange,  trying to solve that combination.  It's not 27 blank 16. It's not 27, 36, 18.  Jeff: This is about a little bit of luck and just moving quickly. Both  combinations are the same. You have a cover if you want to block it. Or you  can let the other tribe look over.  Yes!  Jeff: Mike's got it!  Cover, cover, cover.  18 last, 36 first!  Jeff: Orange did not cover their combo. Alison may have picked it up.  36-blank-18.  36-18--  come on, you guys!  Jeff: Mike has it released. Orange can start working on the puzzle.  9-11!  Go, go, go.  Jeff: Purple has their key! Christian can unlock the puzzle pieces. Orange  already working. Christian's got it. Two people on the puzzle. It's going to  be Christian and Alison for purple. Kara and Alec for orange.  You got it. You're in it.  Jeff: It is Christian and Alison now trying to catch Alec and Kara. A bula  burger bar. Hamburgers, cold beer, soft drinks. Day 23 on "Survivor."  that is it. That is five stars. As good as it gets. We are neck and neck  right now. Purple has caught up and is back in this. This puzzle is moving  quickly. Both pairs work together very well.  Good george Kara, good job.  Jeff: We're literally even right now. Same amount of pieces left for both  pairs. Orange thinks they have another piece. Kara with another piece for  orange. Alec with a piece for orange. Orange starting to pull away now. You  can feel the panic. Alison trying to force a piece. Orange down to three  pieces left.  Come on, guys, you got this, you got this.  Jeff: Keep digging, purple. Kara and Alec trying to finish this. Alec with  another piece. Is he write rite? Is this it?  That's.  Jeff: That's it! [ cheers ] orange pulls it out! Alec, car adan, Mike, and Davie  win reward at the bula burger bar! All right, orange, nice job. Dan, Alec, Davie,  Mike, Kara. Burgers, cold beer, and soft drinks will be waiting for you.  Everybody going back to camp. Boat will pick you up and take you to the bula  burger bar. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. Carl, you can join them.  This whole game i've been fighting with Alison and i've beenmenting to work  with her. And even though my team ended up losing, this is a prime  opportunity to see if she'd be willing to make a big move and be willing to  turn on the Goliaths and come to the Davids. Come with the good side!  congratulations. Enjoy.  Bye, guys.  Hey, congratulations.  Eat all the burgers for me, please.  And all the beers!  We lost the reward challenge today, and it just hit me like a ton of bricks.  They had veggie burgers, too. I'm like, the veggie burgers! I know it's so  stupid to cry over veggie burgers, but you never anticipate how physically  hard this game is on your system, and then when you add all of the emotional  stuff on top of it, it kind of just feels like being, like, hit by 1,000  waves at once.  At least we're gonna get a ton of rice.  My question slike, what actually is happening between the Goliaths?  I think there's, like, two things that are going on. Every single person is  like, "well, should i-- should I flip the script? Should I go over  there?" and at the same time, every single person is saying, "no,  we have the majority."  stay strong.  Exactly.  Stay strong.  I believe that. I have a relationship with Alison so I still feel like  there's a potential to work with her, which could eventually flip this game  and finally help me get out of being in the minority.  Plus my big move would have been writing Angelina's name.  Honestly, I think it's good that you didn't do that, because that's not that  impressive of a big move. Something like Dan would actually be a  game-changing move. Dan changes everything dynamics-wise.  I actually considered taking out Dan before, so it's not a bad idea. But I have  been torn between sticking Goliath strong and making a big move that will be  put on my "Survivor" resume. And I have built a great arab raep  with Gabby. We get each other. And I’m seeing i'll have security in the David,  and i'll number this beautiful position to play this game.  I'm so freaking stoked right now.  Can I get a veggie burg wer cheese and grilled onions? That would be awesome.  There are two things that can happen on a reward. Obviously, you get the  food...  Oh, my God!  I needed this!  But, also, it's a good time to talk strategy. Davie took a little walk, and  the four left are all Goliaths. So I was trying to rally the troops and keep  everybody united because we still have the numbers. But trying to keep these Goliaths  together is like herding cats. If we split up and go with those guys, we're  basically forfeit anything chance of winning.  Right.  We need to stay together like true [bleep] Goliaths.  <br/>I know we all hate each other, but let's get through that.  Why don't we talk to Christian again?  Mike really wants it to stay Goliath strong. He thinks we've got the numbers.  But Dan is a liability for my game. So for me, I need to get him out. And  it's no longer David versus Goliath.  It felt good and then it quickly felt bad.  We need to be the first three to create an alliance with the Davids. Because  that puts us in the strongest position possible. I want it to be us three to  make the move.  Yeah, you're right. Like, we could flip.  I wanted to get Dan out, so I need Alec and Alison to know that I’m in this  with them, so to gain their trust, I want to give them a piece of  information. Now, I want to share something with you that only I know. Dan  has another idol.  Oh, my God. Dan right now is a threat in many people's eyes. But he's also  the least strategic out of the Goliaths. It's like "Survivor" 10  one: If you find an idol don't tell anyone. Especially don't tell some  charming girl like Kara. It's unfortunate for him but he's got to keep his  mouth shut.  Taking out Dan will bust this game wide open. But I’m in a good position, and  there is a security blanket in having numbers, majority rules. Will it at the  next tribal council? I do not know. "Survivor," when an idol gets  played there's another idol back at camp. Since I played an idol, I think  there's another idol back at camp. It really is in our better interest to  look out for each other. So us Davids got a game plan-- to wake up at the  crack of dawn and try to see if we can find some type of new advantage or  some type of new idol. And finding idols is what Davie rickenbacker does for  a living.  Searching?  He's over there.  We should all commit to this place first.  There's an idol around here somewhere. And I really want to find it this  time. I want to know where it is. I want to make sure it's out of the hands  of of the Goliaths, and specifically, in my grubby hands.  I think it's pretty much done.  Come around breakfast time, everyone sort of calls it quits-- goes back to  camp, get the fire going, maybe get some coffee. But I wasn't done yet. I  tried to look around the big landmarks, and I realized, man, this island is  pretty big. So I try a new strategy for looking for the idol. I call it a  "breadth first search." it's something we do in robotics and  algorithms all the time. The idea is you search around a lot of little places  a little bit. I break down the areas into sectors. I got the water well area.  That's section one. Down the path next to it, that's going to be section two.  Look at the trees along there. Section three is along the way back to camp.  So I’m working through my sectors and making sure I’m not spending too much  time in anyive given one. I see a tree with little different leaves than the  one around it. I think this is the kind of thing that's a bit of a landmark.  I look around on the ground. I look around the back of the tree. No luck.  Then I sort of of look up, and I see blue yarn. That doesn't occur naturally  on this island. What is this? What is this? Oh! And wouldn't you know it?  It's an idol. At some point, I’m going to tell the Davids about the idol  because I will need their help. I know I’m a target. Now, and I think  forever.  Jeff: Come on in, guys! All right, let's get to today's immunity challenge.  First things first. Dan, got to take back the necklace. Thank you. Once  again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're going to  race out to retrieve a ball. You'll then balance that ball on a disk while  you cross a beam. Once you get all three balls to the finish, you'll maneuver  them through a track. First person to land all three balls wins immunity.  Safe at the vote. Guaranteed to see day 26. Losers, tribal council, where  somebody will become the tenth person voted out and the third member of our  jury. Big stakes this deep into the game. Take your spots. We'll get started.  All right, here we go. For immunity. Survivors ready? Go! High-step it first.  Alec leaps over the entire high-step. That is how you win a challenge on  "Survivor." you've got three balls total. Got to balance one at a  time on the disk while balancing on the teeter totter, then head back for the  next one. Nice job early out. Davie drops. He's got to go back. Alec with a  nice balance. Carl drops. Dan's across. Alec is across. Both heading back for  their second balls. Here comes Kara, Mike, Angelina, Davie. Once again, Alec  leaps over the high-step. Kara has her first. Christian's got his. It is Alec  and Dan in the lead. Both working on their second ball. Everybody else trying  to catch them. Dan's back with his second ball. He's got one left. Alec right  on his tall. It is Dan in the lead right now. Here comes Alec with his second  ball. It is Alec and Dan early in the challenge. They are sprinting through this.  Alec heading back now again for that third and final ball. Christian drops.  Gotta go back. Dan back first with his third ball. He can start working on  that track. Alec back with his third ball. He can start working. It is Dan and  Alec now trying to land that first ball. They have led this entire challenge.  Gotta land all three balls to win. Huge immunity on the line. Dan lands his  first ball. Alec lands his first ball. Kara can start on the track. Carl's  back. He can start on the track. Alec trying to land that second ball. He  drops. Gotta start again. Angelina can work on her track. Everybody trying to  catch Alec and Dan right now. Christian with a big fall. That might have  crunched somewhere hard. Carl's landing his first ball!  Yes!  Jeff: Alison's good. Start working. Dan trying to land his second ball. Dan  drops. Angelina with one. Angelina, Carl, dan, Alec have all landed one ball.  Kara drops. Alec moving very fast on the track. Alec lands his second ball.  Alec now in the lead with two. Everybody trying to catch Alec now. Dan drops  again. Alison drops. Alec slowly making his way across the track with his  third and final ball. Dan trying to land that second ball. Dan cannot get his  second. Angelina drops. Carl drops. Alec dangerously close to immunity. And  he's got it! Alec wins individual immunity, safe tonight at tribal council!  Alec, come on over.  Yeah! [ applause ].  Good job, Alec.  Wooo!  Jeff: Third Goliath in a row to win individual immunity. A David has yet to  win. Alec safe tonight at tribal council. Cannot be voted out of this game.  As for the rest of you, after 25 days, sadly, one of you going home tonight,  will be the tenth person voted out, the third member of our jury. Grab your  stuff, head back to camp, see you tonight at tribal.  I'm glad Alec won. I'm glad it's a Goliath. Obviously, I can't trust Christian.  He's one of the smartest people out here and one of the most dangerous. So we  need to cut the head off the snake, and right now it looks like Christian is  the head.  going do into tribal, it's hard for me to even wrap my head around what I have  to do, because I do care about Dan as a person. I'm praying that it doesn't  break dan's heart, but I need to move myself forward in the game, so dan's on  the chopping block.  That was record time Alec.  And knowing about dan's idol, we might have to split votes. So I need the Davids.   We'll play ball. Waver you want.  Yeah?  So here is what we're thinking because we don't know if Dan has an idol. So  what do you guys think about splitting votes? It's no secret that Dan and Angelina  are at the bottom of the Goliaths.  Yeah.  We're ready to play.  Okay, awesome. I'm so down. Kara is pitching the Dan to be the one out. I  start to feel Davids are trying to pull a fast one over on us. It just seems  like they're on board too fast. So as we approach tribal council, I’m finally  having some clarity. I've been so busy trying to do something, I didn't  realize that the right move is actually to take a step back and go with the  flow. Stand there strong with the Goliaths.  I know, because it's-- I know. My mom always says, "go with your gut  instinct." our first instinct is to take Christian out. We know where Dan  falls. We know where Kara falls. Like, we have a good grasp on that. Mike is  right. It will be a cakewalk. From a numbers standpoint, we still have the  6-5 advantage, and when I weigh out the options, it's coming down to who can  I trust? Can I really trust my alliance with the Davids? Here comes Kara.  Oh, perfect!  But right now, we need to stay Goliath strong and try to take out Christian,  who is a potential threat.  I'm feeling like it's big tore get out Christian. That's the bigger move  here. Not to flip. It has to be Christian.  My head is in a complete whirlwind because this could be an absolute disaster.   Your face.  I have to adjust my game dramatically. I want to write down dan's name, but  it's going to be really hard for me to try to continue to sway votes to Dan without  putting my entire game in jeopardy.  Yeah, that's what we were going to do regardless.  Yeah, regardless.  Okay.  Crazy, man.  I don't know what they're thinking.  Five of them.  Angelina's there, too.  They're idiots.  I'm looking around, and I’m noticing the beach is pretty segregated. We've  got Goliath sitting on the raft. And we're like what could they be talking  about?  I don't understand why they're out there.  You don't understand? Let me break it down for you.  They're Goliaths.  They are so dumb.  Kara said she's ready but these scared--  that's what everyone says.  I wish I could do across tribal lines, but I’m nervous because all the Goliaths  are lying to my face again. Let me tell you guys, yeah, and the only reason I  haven't told you all is because us three knew and we haven't had a chance to  discuss it to decide to tell you. But we have a secret advantage. Where we  can steal a vote.  We can steal a vote.  Yes!  Don't you love surprises.  Do you like surprises? I found the idol.  Where was it?  It was over by the--  what is going on with us?  Guess what? I have a [bleep] secret advantage as well.  I have an idol nullifier.  You guys, you guys-- we have three advantages, guys.  The stakes at this vote are extraordinarily high. You could even say they're  pivotal. The Goliaths told us they are on board with this vote. But if I believe  them, we wouldn't need to play these advantages. So that is what we're  weighing.  Okay, the one that's tricky to use is the idol nullifier. Basically the  method to use it is to lure someone into playing an idol.  If we think somebody has an idol and we steal their vote.  So we have an arsenal. We have to make sure we don't blow it. If we can't  trust the Goliaths, then we have to change tactics. It's just a question of  how. So us Davids have these three advantages. My hidden immunity idol they  can use to protect me. Nick's vote steal, which is primarily beneficial  during these tight votes where one vote can make a difference. And Carl's  idol nullifier, which could change everything in this game. But the question  is what do we play and when? And how many for this vote? Or none of them at  all. In this game you never know what can go wrong. And we can't screw up  this vote. And we can't screw up this vote.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. Elisabeth and John, voted  out at the last tribal council. So, Alison, last tribal council was a shocker  for a lot of you.  Oh, yeah.  Jeff: What kind of impact has it had on the game?  It was really just my wake-up call. For 20-something days I was in la-la  land, and that tribal council said it's time to wake up. Let's play this  game.  Jeff: Gabby, was there a little sense of joy in somebody else suffering at  tribal?  That sounds so mean, but it's not joy, but maybe relief to know that the Goliaths  maybe got a taste of what it's like to not always be on top.  Jeff: Christian, is it inappropriate to say, "yeah, I kind of like that  you guys now know what it feels like?"  it can be seen as a little insensitive, and you have to be cognizant of how  quickly this game is going to shift. I mean, we can't forget there are still  six Goliaths and five David. You hope something has changed, but it's  difficult to know for sure.  Jeff: Dan, if it was a wake-up call, does that mean the war is back on? It is  now Davids versus Goliath for sure again?  Absolutely. I'd rather work with the enemy I know than the enemy I don't  know. If I go work with the Davids I’m on the bottom and I don't want to play  my game that way, either.  Jeff: Mike, it's true. If you can stick together, you can pick people off. If  you have the numbers. Which the Goliaths do.  Yeah, and that's a powerful thing to have at this stage of the game. You  know, nobody wants to be the first person from a tribe to flip and be seen  as, like, a traitor, and to ruin everyone in your tribe's game. So for me,  it's definitely a priority to keep the numbers.  Jeff: Alec, do you believe it's still David strrs Goliath?  This game is so hard. Ed Davids have been with the Davids since day one. I  have been with the Goliaths since day one. Naturally, your trust falls with  those people. But then you want the lines to blur and you want relationships  to form and you want to trust people but there are so many things going on.  When we talk about blurred lines, I feel like there's a misconception about  what that means. We're not saying, "hey, let me know which one of us  you're picking off and hope it's not me." we're saying, "hey, one  of you is at the bottom of the Goliaths. Let us help you not be at the bottom  anymore."  and be at the bottom of the Davids. That sounds fun, too.  But at the end of the day, you own the bottom. And the bottom can change day  to day--  not when you're in a minority.  Things change day to day on "Survivor."  if everything is stagnant in the tribe you're omaybe switching things up  might make things change for you.  People reaching out to the Goliaths first. We're davi Davids and we're got  door slammed in our faces. Who is more sincere here in terms of wanting to  work across tribal lines based on the information given.  The fact is we had plans to work together. We worked together to vote out  elisabeth and then we were supposed to work together to vote out Angelina.  When it was a Goliath suppose to go, then everything changed.  Jeff: Carl, you agree with that? You're nodding.  I mean, trust is not something you can just tell a person and they run with  tyou know what I mean. People tell me, "trust me, trust me," and  the vote comes through and it's totally different. And I’m like how the hell  do I trust you? You don't just tell me. You have to prove it.  I believe that's great eye live that way, too. Who I do get good vibes from.  Who can I trust? What relationships do I depend on to further me in the game?  So many things to think about.  Jeff: Nick, this is what you're referring to when you say, "but we had a  chance and you guys were lying to us."  and he says, "we want to play with these people. We want to do that. But  they don't, and it's because the numbers were 7-5. So what can we do? We can  bust the game wide open, change the numbers and say, "play with who you  want to play with and play who you trust and forget about the buff we put on,  on day one."  Jeff: Christian, you listen to Alec and he says I don't want it to be tribal  lines. I want us to all play so I can play my best game and the conversation  keeps going back to David versus Goliath.  Game reminds of sort of like an old car that you're not sure is going to  start. You know, we hit the merge, and you're like, okay, is the game going  to kick in. And you turn the car is &amp; it doesn't start. That almost blew  our engine. Let's do it one more time, and we'll find out whether or not the  crank actually turns over. We turn the key tonight.  Jeff: Wow. So tonight's vote is pivotal.  Tonight's vote is major. Either one of the Goliaths switched over and is  going to join us in the vote, or the Goliaths are going to take a bigger  advantage in the numbers. It's just that simple.  Jeff: Okay, it is time to vote.  Jeff. I think it's the correct time for me to pull something out of my  pocket. And it's a secret advantage.  Hmmm...  Jeff: Go ahead and read it, Nick.  "this advantage allows you to steal a vote from another player at tribal  council. The player whose vote you steal will not vote. Instead you will cast  a second vote. So I got my second vote right here.  Jeff: All right, so it's pretty clear. Nick has the power to steal a vote  from one player. That person will not vote. Nick will get two votes. The  question is before we vote whose vote are you going to steal?  I think i'll take Alison's vote.  Oh, didn't expect that.  Jeff: Alison the most powerful thing in the game is your vote and he just  took it.  I mean thurts a lot. I want to play this game, and a big part of playing this  game is by voting. And I want to demonstrate trust with the people they said,  and now I’m deprived of that opportunity.  Jeff: Okay, so, Alison, you will not vote tonight. Nick, will you will vote  twice. It is time to vote. Gabby, you're up.  Oh, man! I have no idea what's going to happen tonight. I have no idea what's  going to happen tonight.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes.  Jeff: If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now  would be the time to do so.  Just give me a minute.  I knew it!  Classic dan!  Oh, man!  Savage!  They're trying to pull a fast one. I'll make sure it ain't me going home.  Jeff: You're playing this for yourself.  Yes, sir.  Jeff: This is a hidden immunity idol. And this... Is the idol nullifier. The  nullifier blocks the power of an idol, if played against the correct person.  This nullifier was played against dan.  Oh, my God!  Wow!  Whoa!  What!  Jeff: Dan, your idol has no power. Any votes cast against Dan will still  count. I'll read the votes.  Oh, my God! First vote, Christian.  Keep the tradition going. Christian. Christian. Angelina. Three votes Christian,  one vote jaeg. Angelina. Two votes Angelina. Dan. That's three votes Christian,  two votes Angelina, one vote dan. Dan. That's three votes Christian, two  votes Angelina, two votes dan. Dan. That's three votes Christian, three votes  dan, two votes Angelina. Dan. That's four votes dan, three votes Christian,  two votes Angelina. Tenth person voted out and the third member of our jury.  Dan. That's five. That's enough. You need to bring me your torch.  Bing! Dan, the tribe has spoken.  We love you.  Bye, dan.  Bye, dan.  Jeff: Time for you to go.  Jeff: Well, for the first time in a long time, we're back even. Five Davids,  five Goliaths. But based on the reactions at tonight's tribal, the question  is have the lines finally blurred? Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good  night. Captioning funded by cbs captioned by media access group at wgbh  access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Stay tuned for  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor": When you've been betrayed...  Your name was a contingency plan.  Goliaths don't know how vicious I can be.  Jeff: ...hell hath no fury.  You're too emotional.  Do you not know what game we're playing.  Jeff: Like a woman scorned.  Carl and Gabby are on a collision course.  You think when you have an idol you're golden, but I just got knocked out of  the game. Who would have thought there was a doggone idol nullifier. I take a  lot of pride. I'm pretty sure Kara flipped her vote. It kind of hurts a  little bit. But if she wants to work on the bottom of the Davids that's her  problem, not mine.