<br/>[cheering and applause]  Jeff: Welcome to the "Survivor: Island of the Idols" reunion show  where Tommy has just won our 39th season. And the $1 million. Tommy, one of  the really cool things about watching you play is you were very open in  saying information was my game. Knowing stuff. Walk us through that.  I actually fell kind of like a kingpin. Everyone was telling me everything.  I'm not trying to sound cocky, but I was open and real with people. When  you're real with people, they're real with you. People were telling me they  found an idol, they found an advantage.  Sandra, is that something you can teach a "Survivor" player or is  that an instinctual social thing  no, he has to have this in him. When we were in the elevator, I’m like, why  would you tell Dean you found the clue. He said, I’m colorblind, but he kept  on telling him, I said, if cow had come to Island of the Idols, you don't  tell Dean or anybody anything. But he didn't need Island of the Idols. He  didn't need it.  Jeff: Let's get to step two, what you need with the information. You betrayed  and slayed. You betrayed Janet by telling jeep. You betrayed Noura by saying,  I can't do fire. You betrayed Lauren by teaching Dean the make fire. You're  making friendships while this is happening. Any remorse?  I'll be as honest as I can. I love these people, they're my best friends,  they're my sisters, they're everything to me, but when I was going to bed, I said  I wasn't playing to make best friends. I got best friends and they were great  about it, but I was playing to win this $1 million. I was playing to win for  my family, for my students back home. I love you all my class 4-d. I have one  student out there today. I'm so excited to take it home to them and say sorry  later.  Jeff: You're sitting next to two people who played very similar games. This  is "Survivor."  this is "Survivor." the one thing i'll give Tommy credit for, even  though he didn't come to the Island of the Idols, everybody else that did  come there, they all said that Tommy was their ride or die. Tommy was their  number one. They were in with Tommy. So he was doing something right from the  beginning.  And I told him that. I said, one thing that always kept coming up was, I’m with  Tommy. I'm like, damn, everybody's with Tommy. But it's true. He shouldn't have  no regrets. That's good.  Jeff: Dean, great fourth-quarter surge, as Aaron said, he liked your game,  and you and all your jewelry. But what was a positive take away, outside of  the game, just for you as a guy who was out there?  Yeah, I can really say with confidence that it was the best life experience  outside of the game play i've ever ever had. It literally strips you down  from technology, from family, from food, from shelter, from everything, and  there are moments out there where I hit my lowest of lows. It taught me  seriously and this is going to sound corny, but to just be grateful for  everything that we do have in our families and a simple roof over our heads  and a granola bar.  Jeff: Noura, you were -- [cheering and applause] who would have guessed that?  And that is pretty much the point of my question. For all of your crazy  unpredictable, you were consistent every single day. What is the confirmation  for you? Or to anybody who people look at and say, you're a little peculiar  in terms of embrace your uniqueness.  If you follow the herd, you'll never be heard, so I feel I wanted to play  this game my way. We can learn a lot from the legend, but you need to be your  own legend, the only way to do that is to be you. It's the hardest job in the  world, an you have to do it day in and day out. That's your job. So my point  is stick out, stand out, be a peacock. Be a peacock.  Jeff: That's Noura.  Go for it. Be you! Do you!  Well said, Noura.  Jeff: Speaking of somebody who stood out, every so often there is a pl]y+j  that comes around this instantly captures the heart of a feign, Elaine, she's  one of those players. Take a look.  What? I'm 5'2", a little busted can of biscuits. Everybody  underestimates me because of my size. I have the heart of a lion and I’m strong  like an ox.  Elaine wins individual immunity.  Can I have the hug first? It's more important.  I'm going to play the hero and ride in on my stallion and save the day for my  peeps.  I like steak. Yum, yum, yum. [cheering and applause] &gt;&gt;s that my family.   Jeff: Elaine  thank you.  Jeff: One of the reasons people adored you so much is you were open an you  were really vulnerable, and you said at one point, this is the journey of the  soul, I needed this. Did it deliver what you needed?  Yeah. It did. 1,000%. I come out searching for something other than just a  check to take home, which I need, by the way, but I was searching for  something else because of everything I was going through, and it literally  gave me what I needed and more. I always say, God always gives you what you  need, not what you want. I thought I needed $1 million, but he gave me so  much more. I'm blessed and grateful for playing.  Jeff: Karishma, one of the most powerful moments of any show we've done is  the simple hug you had with your husband, because we saw it all. We saw you  being on the outside. We saw how much you trusted this person who was there  for you. Tell me about what was that in a bigger picture, what did you take  away from that moment?  Yeah, coming into this game, I knew I was going to have a tough time with the  elements and the athleticism, but what I didn't expect is how difficult the  social game was for me. And I didn't expect the emotional turmoil that comes  from feeling not accepted for who you are. And at the end of the day, when  you reach those incredible levels of loneliness, you're reminded of the  friends you have at home, the family you have at home and the person who  chooses to be with you and gives you the hug that you need more than food,  more than shelter, more than anything in the world. And it just reminds you  to appreciate what you have at home and never think about what you don't  have. Just focus on what you do anderson choose happiness every single day.  Jeff: Thank you. Well, Jack and Jamal and the do rag was one of themost  talked about scenes of any season of "Survivor." here's a reminder.   Thank you for allowing me to apologize.  Yeah, thank you for doing so. Jack's apology to me kind of like made up for a  lot of times when i've had to feel so insignificant and let it roll off my  shoulders for my own social mobility. So that apology, man, i'll remember  that for the rest of my life.  Jeff: Jamal, one of the things that people have said to me is that what was  so beautiful is that Jack, who couldn't be here tonight, was open in saying,  I’m sorry, I didn't mean it, and I honestly don't even know what I did, will  you teach me. An you, instead of exploding or taking the moment, you said,  i'd love to, and what resulted was this beautiful thing. What is the response  then for you from people.  Yeah, the response has been amazing. The way that that has started so many  amazing conversations about race, about difference, about language, about the  way we treat each other has been phenomenal, but I want to definitely highlight  that Jack is amazing. Like he andry boys. We actually remain back in rhode  island, we live together now. Good dude. But that's the point. He and I had a  friendship out there which is really rare to find out there on "Survivor."  and inside of that friendship is how you can have those hard conversations.  So to continue that kind of change to, continue being better to each other,  we have to be better to each other and related to each other and have that  foundation. And you can have those moments where there is harm caused and you  can talk it through.  Jeff: You are so good in moments like this. Thank you. Now we're going to get  to one of my favorite parts of the a finale, because it is so weird, unless  you're a new fan, then you know that every season sia, the international  iconic one-name pop star and prolific songwriter awards her favorite player  with the sia gift, it's cash. It's her cash. And sia's philosophy is I have  been blessed in my life beyond anything I thought I would ever have. I love  "Survivor." I want to reward the people who make this show so fun.  So once again it's christmas for three people, three. We have a new  competition. Jamal, on behalf of sia, she would like to present you with  $15,000. [cheering and applause] Elaine.  Me?  Jeff: You. Busted can of biscuits. Sia would like to gift you $100,000.  [cheering and applause] and we have one more. [cheering and applause] and we  have one more. Sia would also like to gift $100,000 to Janet. An she wanted  me to tell everybody it's her birthday gift to herself. She's at home  watching. While they celebrate, we're going the take a break, and when we  come back, we're going to sit down with Kellee. An we're going the talk about  everything that happened with her and Dan. This is her first chance to speak.  It's an important conversation. An we're going to turn this into a positive.  We'll be right back.  Jeff: Welcome back to the reunion show for "Survivor: Island of the  Idols." this season had a lot. There was some great game play, some very  fun players. Also provided some great teaching moments. We had talk of how a  women's alliance is feared yet nobody anybody mentioned a men's alliance  which is much more common. Missy pointed out that Missy and Aaron both won  immunity at the same challenge, two black players. An we talked about race  relations with Jack and Jamal. We also had Dan's unwanted touching of Kellee.  It was a very complex, unprecedented situation for us, and the steps that we  took if the game to address the situation were made by a group of dedicated  women and men across time zones in real time. An we intended to do the right  thing. But in the months that have passing we have learned so much about what  we could have and should have done instead, and if this happened today, we  would handle it much differently. We have already taken important steps to  lay out new policies, procedures, rules, and methods for reporting that will  create a better and safer environment for future players. We are committed to  doing our part to turn this into something positive. It's all because of  kelly, the woman who was brave enough to speak up, despite the risks. Now  it's time for Kellee to finally get a chance to have her voice heard, because  due to the crazy format of "Survivor," if you're a jury member,  you're not allowed to talk some Kellee, ironically, is the only one who still  hasn't been able to share her thoughts. Before we begin, I want to say to  you, you were right. You were right. [applause] you were right to speak up.  You were right to step forward, despite a lot of risk, and to speak your  truth, and I want to acknowledge and apologize for your pain. You didn't ask  for it. And you didn't deserve it. I would like now turn it over to you to  vent at me to, share what you've learned to, share your feelings, because you  haven't been able to talk.  I am very nervous right now. I just... There's is much pressure on this  moment. I feel like it's been building up for many, many,  maã    y months, and I just feel a lot of pressure to do  right by not only my own voice, but to the voices of many others who have  experienced this or reached out me and shared their stories of inappropriate  touch, sexual harassment, sexual assaulted, whatever it might be and all the  things that come after that. And so I feel very nervous about it.  Phil:  Jeff: Let me help. Is there anything you want to get off your chest that  you're upset about with me or production that you want me to hear?  I think one of the things that has been and was the hardest thing was the  fact that Dan remained in the game even after I spoke up. The reason why is  not necessarily the injustice, it's because I felt like I spoke up and I was  not being supported or believed. And when someone goes through something like  this or anything remotely like it, to not be supported and not be believed is  really the hardest thing. It's one of the hardest things. And so --.  Jeff: Let me tell you something, because what you just hit on I think is probably  the biggest package of what we learned in a nutd shell. When you had your  emotional interview, that did prompt us into action. I got on the phone with  cbs. It's a 15-hour time difference. Everybody was in. We were trying the  made the right decision. We made a decision to meet with you privately. We  weren't transparent about why we met. That's something else that I have  learned. We could have said, here's what we're talking about. But what we  learned is a few people told us in those meetings they knew it was Dan, and  they knew Dan wasn't going to get any votes, that Dan was going to go to the  end because Dan couldn't win. There was all this talk of players using it to  lie in the game, and what i've learned is when you are not in a situation  like this, you can't make your decisions of how to handle it based on the  actions of somebody in it because they're in. Missy and Elizabeth got a lot  of really unfortunate social media hate mail that they didn't deserve. They  didn't ask for this either. None of you asked for this, which brings us back  to the thing I said at the top. Your voice should have been enough. And the  silver lining, one silver lining is it will next time. We learned a lot from  you being willing the stand up and take it and continue to try the play.  I don't want the lie. This has been such a hard situation. And I certainly  did not ask for my "Survivor" experience to be defined by this or  about this, and really no one is sitting up here had asked their "Survivor"  experience to be defined by this. And we can't really go back and change what  happened to me and what happened to, you know, all these other people,  because, you know, it wasn't just me, it was all these other people that had  choices that were speaking up in different ways. People at different times  are ready to speak up in different ways. Sometimes someone high not be ready  to speak up in the way that I spoke up. Even though I was ready the speak up,  it was still incredibly difficult. And so, you know, I think the most  important thing when I think about this situation and what happened is that I  hope that this season of Survivor isn't just defined by inappropriate  touching sexual harassment. I hope that it's defined by change, you know, and  I feel like I can be really proud of the fact that I spoke up and I asked for  these changes and cbs and "Survivor" are making those changes  because I asked. You know, I have to fundamentally I believe at the end of  the day that individuals and institutions are capable of change. And I think  that as a result of this season, many of us have had these hard  conversations. We've learned a lot. And I think we're still learning. And  ultimately my biggest hope is that each one of us, each individual, each  institution, each organization, and especially cbs and Survivor can take  this, learn from it, and do better. You know, I fundamentally believe that we  can do better.  Phil: We are committed to it, Kellee. I would love your insiepghts as a  player and I just want to say, I appreciate, I can feel hower nervous you are  right now and you feel pressure. I feel like you expressed yourself really  well. You continue to be a generalious great spokesperson. And not only will  cbs and "Survivor" change and maybe lead the way with other similar  shows, but I know there are families watching right now that are seeing you  and able to say to their kids, we should talk about this. We all need to  understand that there's a lot to this. So I offer my hand in partnership and  I say thank you so much, Kellee.  Thanks, Jeff.  Jeff: All right. More of our reunion show, including what we're doing next  year when we come back.  Jeff: "Survivor" first period in the summer of 2000, and in  february of 2020, we'll premier our 40th season. Take a look. You better be  ready it's coming for you the fire is burning and when it's through the  strong will survive coming for you  Jeff: It's the biggest battle in "Survivor" history, 20 returning  winners.  Coming become out here, I can feel my blood starting to rise.  It's like the super bowl 20 years in the making.  I was diagnosed with hodge kings lymphoma. It's a miracle they e-mail sitting  here today.  I met my wife on "Survivor." we have four daughters. It would be  really missed up if they had to see daddy vote mama off.  Jeff: Survivors ready?  Go!  Epic challengers face the return of the edge of extinction and encounted ear  new twist that will reset how the game is played.  The fire tokens add a layer of duplicity that did not exist before. Plus  they're playing for the biggest prize in reality show history. If being  crowned the winner and winning $1 million is not enough to inspire you, how oobtd  $2 million? Let the fireworks begin.  Jeff: It's the most anticipated iser sure season of all time.  The winner close everything out of the water.  My competition here is the greatest of the great.  Everybody out here was the best at one time. Who doesn't want to play with  the best?  Jeff: "Survivor: Winners at war" pierce in february. It is every  winner you'd ever want the see. We have two of them on the stage, Rob and Sandra,  and look at this, one in the audience, amber, they met on "Survivor,"  four beautiful girls, and they'll all be battling against each other for the  title greatest of all time. That's coming in february.  Jeff: See you in february. Good night!