<br/>39 seasons, and this game is full of twists andturns.  There are endless things you have to adapt to.  "Survivor" is where it's at now, because it's about to get crazy.  There's always a twist. What these guys don't know is that Sandra and I are  actually out here to show the new kids how it's done. "Survivor"  school is in session.  Jeff: Boston Rob and Sandra, two of "Survivor's" most dominant  winners, are back.  I'm the only person that's ever won twice. And I shouldn't even have the say  it. You should already know this, but I’m coming back because it's about time  the queen teaches others some of her tricks.  Jeff: They're already establishing their world, but this time they're not  competing. They won't vote, and they cannot win the $1 million. Instead,  they'll serve as mentors to a new group of players. They'll live on the Island  of the Idols. It's a "Survivor" bootcamp run by two masters of the  game.  We understand every component of this game.  Jeff: Every player who visits will be instructed in a different facet of  "Survivor."  your lesson is about the art of persuasion, calculated risk, staying calm  under pressure.  You came to win, right?  All right. Let's get to work.  Jeff: And then be given an opportunity to test what they've learned for an a  chance to win an advantage.  Are you confident enough to take the risk?  What is your gut telling you?  This is opportunity.  Jeff: Which onings -- ones will rise to the moment?  Here's the idol. It's good for one of your next three tribal councils.  Jeff: And which one will fall victims to the lessons learned.  You lose your vote at next tribal council. You will never make that same  mistake again.  Jeff: And who will have what it takes to outwit, outplay, and outlast all the  rest to claim the $1 million prize? 39 days, 20 people, one Survivor!  We're heading toward this beautiful island in Fiji. I couldn't be more  excited. I mean, there are no words to describe. Excited is like an  understatement. I can feel all these mixed emotions ready to just burst out,  but I got to keep them down, because as soon as I get off the boat, I have to  be calm, cool, collected Karishma.  Finally.  Oh, my.  I'm so excited to see my tribe mates, but then I was like, where is Jeff Probst,  what is happening right now?  Wow.  Island of the Idols.  I looked at our tribe flag and I saw "Survivor: Island of the Idols."  I was like, oh,. No when people talk about idols in general, it's already  paranoia, but that's what our season theme is revolving around? I have no  idea what that means. My mind is blown right now.  Check it out.  I think on top of things.  I'm from india.  I'm moan.  I played hockey a long time ago. I played with the rangers and the kings a  long time ago.  That's awesome.  Do you play sports in.  I played basketball.  In college, right? I can tell.  Oh, my God. We have an olympic swimmer?  I am a three-time olympic swimmer, and I am a competitor. It's basically  embedded within my d.n.a. Because i've been a competitive swimmer my whole  life.  Do you play baseball?  New york but I love baseball.  I stepped away from the sport a year and a half ago. It was a very hard  transition. You're at the olympics and you're at such a high note. You  wonder, wll I ever get there again? This game has honestly made me as excited  as I was for the olympics. I never thought I would feel that again.  I play violin and piano.  I play the flute.  No way.  Are we the same?  We are having a good time, which is super cool, because I literally needed  some happiness in my life. I went into the military at 18. I played  basketball for the air force team. And about three years new york I developed  a brain tumor. As it grew, it gors worse. And at one point I couldn't walk. I  couldn't talk. I almost died.  Wow.  Oh, my goodness.  Wow. We tried some medication, and I was really lucky, because right now the  tumor is completely gone. So it's like new life.  This is our home.  That's why I’m here now. I have to do something decent. I want to be the sole  Survivor. I want to be the s-o-u-l Survivor. It's go.  Something is weird. No scrambling. What is happening?  The theme of the season is "Island of the Idols," which really  makes your mind go wild.  Good luck.  I have never touched a buff before.  This is unreal.  I'm thinking, are there idols on this island? Is there another island that  has tons of idols? So it's surprising. It's shocking. And it's cool. I'm Lauren,  everybody.  Hi, Lauren.  I'm so excited to meet all of you guys.  My name is Jamal. Very nice the meet all of you all.  I'm Tommy sheehan from long island, new york. I'm a furth grade teacher.  Oh, awesome.  I teach the little guys.  Everyone on our tribe seems smart and bright and social. Everyone is excited  to be here, which I think is a positive thing. We're going to get to work.  Does anybody have any preferences as to what they might want to do first?  Does anyone know how to build a shelt center -- sheller?  Who has a construction background?  Coming into the game, I am worried about my age because of the stigma of the  older person, especially the older woman. I have started fire with bamboo.  There is no better way to make an impact in this game than to make fire.  I think super mom can do it. Don't let me down.  I am a lifeguard. I have 130 lifeguards working for me.  Ready?  Hold your hand on the other side.  Come on.  Come on.  Yes, Janet!  You got it.  It's been my experience in life that if you prove who you are, people don't  care what your gender, what your age is.  We got smoke! If you prove who you are, then you can become part of them.  Give me palm fronds.  Yes!  Keep going.  Get down, get down.  We got fire!  It was really cool. To break the mold on the older woman.  You guys are amazing.  I couldn't have done it without those guys. I showed my tribe that I had a  special set of skills, and I knew how to use them. Captioning funded by cbs  and ford. We go further, so you can.  He needs one of those, what's it called? He's a beast on that.  Oh, yeah.  Why don't you cut down a tree.  I'm the first mong person to be cast on "Survivor." we came over as  refugees after the vietnam war. I grew up low income. I was first in my  family to go to an institution like stanford.  That's perfect.  I have always been that time of person that does the work.  Are you fresh out of school?  New york I may in the look it, but I’m 27.  I guess the guy that totally surprised me is Vince. Vince definitely knew  what he was doing. He's excellent.  I do stuff like this at home. Like being out in the wild, you know what I mean?  Like I live on a farm.  Elaine, she's not all prissy with the dress on and all that kind of stuff.  She's got the work boots on and the hat and the whole bit. We hit it off  right away.  How are you all feeling about the group?  A lot of energy, a lot of energy.  Just nervous to get us to the merge as a team. We just don't want to lose  challenges. That's when teams start to fall apart. It isn't always the best  athletes. It's working together.  When I played in the nhl, I was a captain for every team I played on. If  you're on a team and you want to win, it isn't all your physical strength.  Wayne gretzky wasn't the biggest guy but pRobably the best player to play the  game.  I like your earring. I like you vibe.  My whole world is all about discipline and hard work. And Elaine and I and  vin, I think we're all thinking the same way.  Tom and Elaine have gonzalez for a while.  And vin.  What are we going to do in.  If this is what they want to do, okay.  At this point, we have to be strong. There's three people mis, Elaine, Tom,  and vin. They just left. So everybody at camp says, seven, three, we're good.  Let's get back the work. And those three immediately painted a target on  their backs.  Bring 'em in and we'll see what we got.  That's nice. I like this.  Look at that. That's nice.  Wow.  Dude.  The Vokai tribe is doing awesome. It could not be going more well. We check  all the boxes. We have a shelter. We have fire, good morale, high spirits,  fun. We're chilling.  Hey.  I'm thinking to myself, this season is "Island of the Idols," so  you got to be an idiot not to actually look for an idol.  Guys, where did Jason go?  That's a good question.  Molly, you're very perceptive.  Something is happening right now.  Jason just disappeared. It was the clichest "Survivor" mistake of  searching for an idol on day one, so when I noticed that Jason is gone, the  goal is to say, where's Jason.  I look at my job as though I play "Survivor" every day. I'm an  account manager. I run a talent management company in hollywood. I think  working with actors is very similar to "Survivor," because I have  to get a bunch of very passionate aggressive people the make the decisions  that I really do believe are the best decisions for them and for me, so there  was complete strategy in noticing that Jason had just wandered off. Why would  anyone do that? You can't disappear day one.  No, I agree.  All I wanted was a first vote to be created that isn't me. An I got to tell  you, it was joyous to watch. Oh, he's done. It's over. So it is impossible  now for Jason to dig himself out of that grave.  It's like a giant clam.  Wow. I'm 23 years old, which makes me the youngest person on the tribe. I  think that's good. I think my playful attitude will be without a doubt my  biggest asset.  Oh, my gosh, they're going to be so stoked when this comes in.  The goal is I want everyone to want to have a relationship with me. But I need  to find a person, and person number one is Tommy. We're the two young dudes.  We're very similar, and that's an obvious freaking pairing.  My best friend lives in virginia. You come visit me and i'll go visit you and  i'll teach you how the surf.  Exactly.  As a fourth grade teacher, my job is to make sure everyone feels comfortable  around me. In this game, I’m doing the same thing.  My favorite teacher of all time was my fourth grade teacher.  Really? Mine too. My fourth grade teacher changed my life.  My strategy is to connect with people in one-on-one conversations and get to  know who they are.  I'm 26. I've been dating my girlfriend for three years.  Awesome. How do you feel?  I'm going to propose. I bought the ring.  You are? Oh.  It's great.  And it's really working. Everyone has been coming up to me. I think I did a  great job of connecting with people one on one, an I’m building a lot of  alliances.  We mead people we can trust.  Absolutely.  I really like Jamal a lot.  Yeah.  All already I can see the cor group formed which is great, because I don't  want to be the person on the outs. We kind of just clicked. We want to have a  good time. We need to get rid of the drama. We need to get rid of the  sliminess. This is a tribe game. Let's make this easy and Jason is the person  who is running around trying to do something for himself. It's a little shady  to everyone else. It rubbed people the wrong way.  So Jason.  It's annoying and upsetting and whatever, but I’m grateful for it because  it's the most unifying thing. We all agree about this.  They think you have an idol.  Why do they think that?  I really don't. We've been out here for like an hour. How would I find an  idol.  I am thinking, I like the guy and I want the work with him. He also feels  familiar to me and he reminds me of an ex-boyfriend that I feel is an  authentic good guy I can trust. I felt like that, and I want to work with  that. So what's the first thing I do. I go to him and tell him.  That's what I thought. Just to let you know, because perception is reality.  She says, hey, I want to give you a heads up, there's talk and chatter that I  left camp for 30 or 40 minutes. So I’m concerned. Is there any person that  would be more of a liability and distrustful than somebody that would go  search for the hidden immunity idol day one? I am mortified. Am I going to be  the first one out? That is my nightmare.  Remind me to put my drawers on. If not i'll go commando.  That's okay.  I'll be in the free world. I have been different my whole life, and I got  picked on a lot, so I use humor to deflect. I make 'em laugh. That way  they're laughing with me and in the at me.  You put some cumin? What is that?  Consume season like a yellow-reddish spice that you put in food. You put it  on whatever you want, a coconut?  I ain't never heard that.  The limo dropped her off.  Like grey poupon.  Grey poupon.  We don't have that.  That's mustard.  That's what cumin is.  I try to be the most observant in this game, and looking around at the other  players, I like the girls, because it seems as though all four of the other  women feel that they're not going to be subservient and they're not going to  do what people expect them to do. They're going to do what most benefits  them.  Don't slam into the tree. And in this moment, what benefits all the girls is  forming a women's alliance.  I'm down for doing a girl's thing.  Perfect.  I'm all about the girl power. We need to have each other's backs.  I'm tired of girls going out first. What is that? Why is that?  Keeping the women strong is super important.  Let's grab a guy.  I know people think Elaine, Tom, and Vince are together, and because of that,  Elaine could possibly be in trouble.  They was already talking trash, huh?  Everybody looked up and counted in their head, 7-3. It's just like an easy  way to make a target.  Oh, yeah.  Well, we was cutting down trees. That's okay. It is what it is. That got me a  little worried. When you first hear anybody say anything about your name, it  make your heart race. You don't want your name to come up in "Survivor"  ever at all. So I need to start playing a little better game, because I’m not  okay with going home.  What do you need me to do?  What is going on? It's a massage parlor.  Oh, Dan is so good.  You know, in the game of "Survivor," there is a lot of people that  you're living with for the first time, living with anyone is hard, and I’m a  germophobe when it comes to other people's grossness.  Right here?  Oh, my God. A combination of human and slightly more elevated. If it gets too  the heavy, let me know.  Are you sweating on my leg?  I do get annoyed with Dan, because Dan is a really touchy person. Remakes me  feel uncomfortable. I don't think he realizes it. His lack of spatial  awareness, for me being a germophobe, but also a girl, I’m like, Dan, I don't  want your head on my leg. Like that's just too much. Like I don't want your  sweaty body on me at all.  Oh, my God. That 2012 super bowl where the giants came become and beat the  patriots.  I was taken aback by Dan at first. He's really touchy. Dan does not know  personal space.  Dan has been making me feel uncomfortable. I don't want to cause any pRoblems.  I think Dan is an easier person to have on your side. I'm trying to be  delicate, because it is a game, and I don't want the ruffle feathers for as  long as I possibly can. If you get yourself into a hole early, it's hard the  climb out of it. Dan is very touchy.  Yeah.  It's like, a lot.  It's too much for me.  It's too much for Molly, too.  The girls are very uncomfortable with Dan's physicality with them. I have  learned as a woman, you need to say what you think.  I feel like i've totally recognized like love language is your way of showing  that you care, so for me, I’m like, I’m just like... You know? I'm not trying  to reject, that I just come from such a different place.  I have to be open to I’m not -- I have to be, oh, God she doesn't like me  because I can't hugger the way Janet can. I get it.  That's not -- hopefully... We're playing "Survivor" where it's  about connecting, but Dan being a touchy person, it's a lot. We kind of  talked about it and we had a really good conversation, but I feel like Dan's  lack of spatial awareness is going to hurt him in the game.  How you doing, girl?  I'm doing all right.  Are you feeling hungry or anything?  Not really. I got a lot of insulation. You know what I mean? Us bigger  people, we're pRobably going the last. He's already starving to death. I see  his backbone. When you pass out, we'll get a woman over there to give you  mouth to mouth.  The biggest tip I give to other poker players is sit down and watch. Watch  what other players are bringing to the game. I can see that Elaine is  extremely likable. She's super fun. I like Elaine. That could be Dangerous.  Someone like Elaine from a town from the middle of nowhere kentucky who has  had hardship her who life and who works in a factory, sounds like a clear  winner to me.  I like you, from first time I seen you, I know you're solid. If she's gotten  that far with that story, they'll award her that $1 million. Like myself,  you've been through a lot. I've within in your eye, we understand the  struggle. So she's somebody I want to get rid of as soon as possible. It's  important for me to put out good vibes, good vibe ron, to make Elaine feel  safe. If somebody is throwing your name out, there i'll let you know on the low.  And we'll just talk.  Okay. As long as you stay real with me, i'll stay real with you. I trust you  100%.  I literally knew from the minute that I had the conversation with Ronnie, I knew  that me and him was like this. I knew it in my gut. He is a weasel, and he's  somebody who I find shady. I don't trust Ronnie. So me he has to go.  I'm trying to play a solid game and ride to the end with people I trust.  It's game time, you know what I mean? Guns drawn. Let's find out.  Jeff: Come on in, guys.  I'm getting my first look at the two tribes.  Jeff: Welcome. All right. Let me officially welcome you to the 39th season of  "Survivor: Island of the Idols." [cheering and applause]  it's about time. We've been waiting.  Jeff: Elaine, what have you been waiting on?  Well, we kind of was a little mad because you didn't meet us on day one.  Jeff: Were you feelings hurt?  Kind of. Basically we thought you quit. [laughter]  Jeff: Chelsea, often on "Survivor" there is some sort of  information off the top that says, here's what it's about. You don't have  that this season. So how does it change those first 48 hours that you've  experienced?  When I say "Island of the Idols," I went, what is this? You know,  just the word "idol," that creates paranoia, so we have a whole  theme around that now, and no one knows what that means. But we're so ready.  There is so much unison right now, and you guys are going to have to work  hard over there.  We always work hard, though.  Jeff: I think it's time to get to your first immunity challenge.  'D like that.  Jeff: For today's challenge you're going to race up and down an obstacle.  You'll then drop a bridge and climb to the top of the tower where you must  solve a massive village puzzle. First tribe to finish wins immunity. This is  the immunity idol.  Whoa.  Jeff: This is what you covet. With this in your possession, you are safe.  Losers tribal council where somebody will be the first person voted out of  "Island of the Idols." in addition, you're playing for reward in  the form of flint. Not only does this keep your campfire going, this is what  you need to master in case you are lucky enough to make it to the final four  fire-making challenge. A lot at stake. I'll give you a minute to strategize  an we'll get started.  Jeff: All right. Hoar we go, for reward and immunity, Survivors ready? Go!  First challenge out of the gate, hit that net hard. Both tribes moving  quickly up the net. Got the make your way down the slide. You got to get  everybody over. This is a brutal first challenge. That's how you this it on  "Survivor".  Let's go!  Jeff: Here comes Noura. Janet face first. You got to get on your mat. You're  good locally dense fog. You're good, Lairo. You're good, Vokai. You got to  untie it and pill. Dean just short with his first toss.  All right, Janet.  Jeff: Janet with a face full of sand hooks the rope. Start pulling. You're  good. Pull! Takes a lot of effort to lift those logs.  Pull! Pull! Pull!  Jeff: It is Vokai in the early lead. A lot of team work. Vokai extending  their lead.  Go, go go,.  Jeff: Ron is in for Lairo. Ronnie's got it. You're good. Start pulling. Let's  go. Lairo, pick it up. Now Vokai making a human ladder.  One, two, three, pull! One, two, three, pull!  Jeff: You're good Lairo.  Boys on the botTom, boys on the botTom.  Jeff: Dan on the boston um. Jason. Can he reach? Here comes Jack. Jack's got  it. You're good. Jack has dropped the rope. Got another ladder forming with Tom  and Aaron and Ronnie. Here comes Dean. Deep struggling to get it. He's got  it. Now you got to get everybody up. Jamal has people on his shoulders. Great  teamwork by both tribes. This is what you want in your first immunity  challenge. Everybody working together. Lauren is up. Elaine is up. It is now Lairo  with a lot of momentum.  Jack going back down. Look at that. That's a hero move right there. Lairo,  you're good. Three people on the puzzle. Lairo in the lead. Jack has been a  workhorse in this challenge helping Tommy. Here comes Jamal. And they've got  it. Great teamwork! It is Dean Vince and Chelsea on the puzzle for Lairo. It  is Molly, Lauren and Jamal on the puzzle for Vokai. You are building a  village one hut at a time in order. Vokai with their first piece. Lairo had a  nice early lead, but that is gone.  This one.  That's what I need. That's what I need.  That's the one.  There.  Jeff: Vokai has their third piece. Lairo has their first piece.  Look at those.  Jeff: Vokai looking for that roof to complete the first section-of-puzzle.  That's it. Right here. Like this.  Jeff: Vokai has first section of their puzzle completed. One hut built. Six  to go. Lairo still working.  We're still in this. Let's go!  This one over here.  Yep.  Three facing that way.  Yeah, baby.  Jeff: Here comes the second roof for Vokai, extending their lead.  There you go, baby.  Jeff: That's two for Vokai.  Come on, y'all.  Jeff: Lairo has their first hut built.  That's it. Jamal exhausted. These pieces are very heavy. Another piece for Vokai.   There's a b. On this side in  no, it's not.  I think the second one is wrong.  Jeff: Dean, Chelsea, and Dan are at a standstill.  These two aren't fit, you guys.  Jeff: There is only one piece left for Lairo with this section. They have  three huts left.  Could this piece be in the wrong spot.  Jeff: Lairo starting over on their second hut.  Not yet, not yet, not yet.  Jeff: Vokai with another hut. They're down to two left.  Something is off.  Jeff: Lairo is dead in the water as Vokai continues to inch toward victory.  One hut at a time.  Let's go.  Jeff: One of the biggest blowouts information a first challenge on "Survivor."  it is not even close.  Jeff? Vokai wins immunity and reward. A huge opening victory by Vokai,  sending Lairo to tribal council where somebody will be the first person voted  out of this game. Vokai, great work as a tripe from start the finish in this  challenge. Nice job. Flint. Nobody going home from Vokai. Grab your stuff.  Head back to camp. And enjoy the night. All right. Lairo, tribal council  tonight where somebody will be the first person voted out of this game.  Before I send you back to camp, one more thing. "Island of the Idols"  does exist, and one of you is about to be the first person to experience it.  All ten of your names are in this bag. The one drawn will be the first person  to go to "Island of the Idols." who wants the draw?  Go ahead.  Jeff: Whatever you pull out, that person is going to "Island of the  Idols."  we're a team, guys.  Jeff: Elizabeth, what's the reaction?  You know it's going to be hard being out there alone. But I know I can  absolutely handle it. Elizabeth, you will be the first person going to "Island  of the Idols." you will return back to your camp. You will be going the  tribal council tonight. Head out. The boat is waiting for you.  We'll see you when you get back.  Yep.  Jeff: All right, Lairo, grab your stuff, head back to see you tonight at  tribal.  I am freaking out. I don't want to go, because me going to "Island of  the Idols" puts target on my back, and on top of, that I’m missing  critically important strategizing time with the tribe, and I don't think  "Survivor" Gods are going to make it easy, so it's scary, an I’m like,  what's in store for me.  "Island of the Idols." I’m trying the stay optimistic here. This  beach is one of the most beautiful places I have ever seen. But I don't know  what I’m going the walk into.  Where am i? What is this place?  That is so cool. I see these two massive statues. No way. And I’m like, Boston  Rob and Sandra, two of the best players to ever play this game.  Welcome.  What? No way! And then out comes walking Boston Rob and Sandra. Are you  kidding me?  How are you? Boston Rob  how are you?  Really good now. I was so excited, surprised, just in saw, because they are  idols. They are "Survivor" idols.  Come on up and we'll tell you what's going on.  All right. First things first, the oath of the idol, we are the Survivor  idol. We're not competeing. We do not vote, we cannot win the $1 million  prize. Our job is to mentor you in the game of "Survivor" and then  offer you a chance to test what you have learned. Everything that happens  here is intended to make you a better Survivor player. You can think of this  place as a "Survivor" bootcamp. Sandra and I have a pretty  extensive "Survivor" resume. We've played over 200 days, seven  seasons.  He's a stupid ass.  We've both won the game.  The winner of "Survivor: Redemption island."  we've also lost the game.  Don't do it, Jeff. Don't do it, Jeff.  We understand every component of this game. You are here to get as much  knowledge as you can from us and use it as your will.  I literally have the chills right now. I'm so excited.  Whoever comes to island of the idolling we will sit down and talk to them,  ask them about their "Survivor" experience thus far. Then give  ideas and strategy to help them further their game.  Do you feel like you're in a good alliance.  I feel really good about it.  What about shelter?  We have a shelter. We have no fire. We can't cook the rice. We can't fish.  So you can catch fish, but you don't have a fire to be able to cook it. Since  you're going the tribal council tonight, you're going to come back with  flint. I can teach you how to make fire.  Yeah.  Would you like that?  I would love that.  It takes basically three elements to make fire. You need fuel, which is wood,  you need a spark, which will be your flint, and you need air, right? We're  going to build a fire separate, but then we're going the transfer it, because  it's already that what you have. The best teachers I have had throughout the  course of my life were ones that showed me how to do things by doing them  themselves. This is flint. That's magnesium. You shave the magnesium off.  That's the reason we're out here on the island. If we're going the talk the  talk, we have to walk the walk.  You see how he's grabbing the flint in between the thumb and the finger nice  and tight.  Bring your head in.  Oh, my God. And it's that easy. Want the try?  I do. I would love the try.  Okay, come on.  Everything that happens on the Island of the Idols is a lesson.  Grab your things and follow me.  Okay. Okay.  Even though Elizabeth comes full ofen joy, ready to learn, in the back of my  mind, I know that the test is coming.  Nope.  Let's start all over. You're hitting it, but I don't see that you're scraping  anything. Remember, magnesium is everything. Put this in. When you throw the  magnesium there n, there you want it to be one spot, like a bun.  Like a bun.  I'm just scratching it. See all that stuff in there? By my third or fourth  try --  it's going the light.  It's going to light. There it is. There it is, baby. There it is. Now keep  going.  Let's go. Let's go. Sandra!  We need wood on there. We need a tepee of wood. Throw some more husk in there  if you need to. That a nice fire if I ever saw one.  We got fire, baby! This is so cool, Sandra. That was because of you.  How did it go?  I got it thanks to Sandra. Oh, man.  We told you there would be an opportunity to test what you learned to get an  advantage in this game. There are two fire-making stations. If you make fire  first, you earn an immunity idol good for your next two tribal councils. If  you lose, you lose your voted for tonight's tribal council. The question is,  are you confident enough to take the risk or will you play it safe and return  to camp?  I need to think.  I'm happy that you're thinking. You know, it's a tough decision.  I know. Especially because I have no idea what's going on back at camp.  Right. You said you were in a good alliance, right? So your vote might not  even matter tonight.  Elizabeth against Boston Rob is a mismatch. No one knows the game of "Survivor"  better thans be Rob and myself. But this is "Survivor." you never  know what's going to happen. She's learning from the best. So maybe she could  beat bostonã    ãº what is your gut telling you?  Do you want to go for it?  A quick little powwow. We said at the start we were going to do this as the  team, so the three people that do the puzzle...  It's check tvly or fault.  It's not all y'all. We pRobably put more pressure on y'all than we should.  Let's get water, firewood and if we have time...  We have water.  I'm worried about going into tribal council, because I still feel like my  name is out, there but I’m banking on relationships, on connections. That's  what I’m banking on.  What are we doing tonight?  Four of us.  If you could pick one person right now, who would you want out?  Ronnie.  Ronnie. Don't trust him.  Ronnie?  I'm -- we have Elizabeth, an we have that for sure.  Yeah.  I think y'all want strength. I think the guys will go for...  We think we have six for sure.  Yeah.  Put the six on Ronnie.  I think that's a good plan.  At the moment I’m working with Tom, Chelsea, and Elaine to vote against Ronnie,  but I feel that my name is on the chopping block because the puzzle didn't  come together, and that's where it gets me really worried.  We got to talk.  This is about to get real.  We need the start talking.  How are you feeling? , Karishma? What are your thoughts?  I'm with you guys. I will vote however you guys want to vote.  We have four here now.  How you feeling, man? We need you right now to strategize with us. Elizabeth  will come back from island of idols. You think you take your voice to her?  I'll tell her.  That's six. I feel like Elaine. Does Elaine make sense at this stage in the  game? She's a sweetheart.  I want the keep her in the loop.  Elaine's name came up a couple time.  She is a social butterfly  i'm definitely concerned about Elaine. She is hilarious, and she is in the  here to be the comedian. She's here to win $1 million. But the first alliance  that I made was with Elaine, and the women. I'm so torn right now.  I think idea is continue the feel people out, get firewood.  They want to target Elaine. I don't want to go down that route with them.  They were saying you. Like I’m telling y'all everything that's going to  happen.  No, man. I totally trust Elaine. And I think she has my back, as well. So I need  to make sure that Elaine doesn't get the short end of the stick here.  They're throwing out your name.  They're trying to do anything. They don't have the numbers. They're trying to  come up with all these different names so people jump in with them.  Okay. I see what you're saying.  The botTom line is they're all voting my name.  Right.  I knew it in my gut. I'm in trouble. I'm going home. I want the try to stay.  I'm going the pray to stay and pray that things work out. It may not be in God's  plan.  What is your gut telling you?  Rob gives me the offer to basically go up against him in a fire-making  challenge, and if I win I get an immunity-making idol. If I lose, I lose a  vote. So it's a huge risk. &gt;&gt;s be Rob is pRobably the best fire maker  in this world. He's done hundreds of fires. And in my heart, I am just  thinking, it's going to be very hard to win. But the competitor in me is  ignited.  You want to go for it?  Yeah.  All right.  Yes.  Let's go for it.  Oh, my God.  She took the first offer, not even thinking to question if I might have  something in my back pocket. I was prepared to up the ante, but like every  new "Survivor" player, they bite at first opportunity. You ready in   yeah.  All right, Sandra, count us down.  Okay, three, two, one, go.  Put this into a little nest. Throw some more husk in there if you need to.  Don't worry about him. Keep going. More magnesium. There you go, there you  go, there you go. You got it.  Good job. Very impressed.  Start grabbing the sticks. Rob's fire is big, but he's not burning through  the rope yet, so we can't give up.  Can't panic.  Don't panic. Get more husk in there. Keep going, don't give up. This is it.  Rob's got it. Rob's got it.  That's a lesson learned the hard way.  Yeah, it is.  What were you thinking going against me? I've made hundreds of fires. "Survivor"  is full of pitfalls like this. Sometimes if the deal is too good to be true,  it pRobably is. So unfortunately tonight you have no vote going into tribal  council. But here's the good thing, you know how to make fire now. You go  back the camp, you learned a skill. But don't forget the other lesson, always  trust your gut. You should have never battled me in this.  It was definitely a risky move for Elizabeth to try to make fire up against Boston  Rob, and in the future, she can't just auTomatically jump at something like  this. Or she's going to be in big trouble.  Before you go, there is one more thing. We want you the choose the next  person from the other tribe to visit the Island of the Idols. Put your hand  in here, don't look, and choose a name and give it to me. Okay. You don't get  to see. Come on, let's get you back the camp.  Thank you, guys. I am leaving the Island of the Idols with some wisdom from  two of the best people to play the game. I'm more nervous going back to the  i'll because I lost my vote.  Remember. Trust your gut.  Thank you, Rob. I made a foolish mistake. Hopefully it doesn't destroy my  game tonight.  I'm not very confident.  Why do you say that?  Because they're going after us.  It's not happening. Listen, we stay together. You're confident in in Missy,  yeah?  I am, Missy, Vince.  They don't have numbers. I think the key is they think they've got numbers,  but we've got numbers.  Listen, if I can make it through tonight, i'll worry about that  you are, you are, I promise.  Oh, yeah, I’m nervous. It's pissing me off that I’m even on their radar to  begin. With I don't know why I’m being thrown out there.  Not that I don't like her. I like her that much to know she can immediately  within people over. We're playing a game here.  What are you feeling?  I'm feeling like I’m in trouble. I'm freaking out. That's what I’m feeling  like. I'll do whatever anybody wants me to do. I just don't want it to be me.  That's all I’m hearing is basically me.  Your name has been thrown out there.  But the majority is mine.  Is there a direction you wouldn't vote in  that you wouldn't vote?  No. I'd vote anybody. Listen, I don't understand why my name is being thrown  out there anyway.  Your name is coming up because the level of concern, how awesome or like the  person you are. That's like you bond with everybody immediately.  Yeah.  And where are you at with the tribe, in the swap, are we in this?  I'm in this.  Our squad, are we in this?  The relationships, that's real, that's me. You know what I’m saying? I came  into this, I don't know how not to be me. Aaron said people love me. I'm too  nice. He was throwing every compliment he could think of at me, so I guess I felt  better, but it's completely understandable, you know, like I wouldn't want to  sit next to somebody like me in the end, but these people have the realize,  they have to make it to the end.  So if Vince's name is thrown out, you'd be all right?  I'd will all right with anybody that's not me. Let's make that happen.  Let's go Vince. I'll do whatever you all want.  Okay. That's what we're doing.  All right.  I looked Elaine dead in the eyes and said it one you tonight, it's going to  be Vince, but that decision hasn't been made yet. Is it Vince, is it Elaine?  Coming back the camp I was contemplating the whole time in my head what am I going  to tell my tribe mates.  Welcome back.  I've missed you.  I missed you guys.  I don't want to seem untrustworthy. An I don't want the lie, but Sandra and Boston  Rob told me to trust my gut. It's telling me, I’m going to have to, because  knowledge is power in this game.  Doesn't everyone want the hear about Island of the Idols. Now is your chance.   It's up to you. Don't feel like you have to  i'll talk.  I hate lying, but today is going to have to be my first big lie.  So you go to another island, Island of the Idols. There's a path, and it  brings you to the three urns, and it's like, this is your chance to play. And  you have one chance to hit an urn. I don't know what's in the urns, but  apparently only one has something in it. And I smashed the urn, and I get a  little card, and it says, you lose, no game. So here I am. How was the morale  after?  We didn't talk the each other at all?  Really?  Silence.  Well, I would like to still be in it. I'll chat with everybody. I am themost  popular girl at camp. Everybody wanted to talk to me because they needed my  vote.  Elaine got tossed out. Vince was out there. But everybody was kind of  gravitating toward Elaine.  Okay.  But between you and i, I was hoping that's the way we go.  Aaron is telling me we're going to vote out Vince, but Aaron wants Elaine.  Other people want Ronnie.  Who are you voting for?  I have no idea.  I don't have a vote. I want to tell the people that I’m close work but you  don't tell them a thing.  Where are you?  I want to get to the end. Unfortunately it's going to take me lying. I have  the worst-case scenario where I don't have a voice in tonight's vote. And now  I have nine other people coming up to me telling me nine different stories,  but I have to keep straight in my mind. My brain is fried. My brain is  scrambled eggs at this point. And the sun is going down and I’m headed into  trouble council and I don't know what's going to happen tonight. I honestly  have no idea.  Jeff: Behind each of you a torch. Go ahead and grab one. Dip it in and get  fire. This is part of the ritual at tribal council, because in this game,  fire represents your life. When you flame is gone, so are you. You guys know  that's going to be the case for somebody tonight. So let's talk about the  first few days. Chelsea, when you show up on the beach and there is no  information, how much does that amp up the initial paranoia?  We walk out to the beach. We were all just like, where's Jeff? Where's our  marooning? Then we see thing from, "Survivor: Island of the Idols."  it was just like, what is this?  Jeff: Elaine, what did you notice in terms of people connecting or saying, hey,  I have that in common?  Well, I kind of get along with everybody just naturally, so I kind of just  clicked with everybody instantly. But because apparently these people say I’m  so wonderful, my name has been thrown around. So I’m pRobably going home tonight,  you know what I mean? It's got me on pins and needles. I'm freaking out.  Jeff: Karishma, is there any truth that Elaine might be in trouble because  she's actually so likable?  There is's definitely truth to that.  Really?  Toll you.  In the game of "Survivor," likability is a liability. I think we  all know that. There is a concern about keeping somebody on your tribe who  may be liked more than you are.  But listen, why do that three days in? You know, like give me a chance. Like,  okay, I’m too likable to take to final two or final three, whatever you got  set up at the end, because we know you change it up. Why break me down  because I’m good people? Cut me at 20 days. Take a pin, put it up here, come  back to it later. What's wrong with that idea?  Jeff: Ronnie, what's your you tiera three days in, first vote?  For me, you know, I think we need to keep the tribe strong. Get rid of a big  guy in the group would be a mistake. It's very early in this game. If we  don't have that strength, we're not going to win the next challenge. We'll be  back here in three days. We can't afford that.  Jeff: So Elaine, we're close to voting. Is there part of you that's sad that  you think it might be over, or is it your attitude, if it's over, it's over,  that's way it goes.  No, I’m devastated. Yeah, I’m devastated. Everybody here knows what it takes  to get here. And some of us got longer journeys. Some of us got a little more  pain we carry, and when you finally get to do something that you've been  thinking about for so long, like it's heartbreak thank you can't fulfill what  you had set in your heart. Like the entire journey. I wanted to fill my cup  up. I wanted the show to build me up, I didn't want it to tear me down. And  if I go home tonight, it's going to be heartbreak, but at the same time, it's  the best thing in the world that's happened to me.  Jeff: Ronnie, when you hear that emotion, that honest, candid confessional,  what's the reaction inside you?  It means a lot to me, even though it comes from different place. I'm from  south boston, brockian, massachusetts and she's from kentucky, we've lived  similar lives.  Jeff: In terms of hardship?  In terms of the hardship. I've worked at mcdonald's, a lay-away manager at  wal-mart, at sears auTomotive as a cusTomer service adviser, I bar tebdzed, I  helped my friend with his protein bar company, I tried the dabble in the  stock market. I've dealt with crypto, I’m dealt casino games. I'm attempted  to kick off from thailand a couple times. We all have our stories, but  there's in comparison. This game is on top for me. This is a dream come true  for all of us here. That's why I feel her. To get voted out in three days,  that's a heartbreaker for any one of us out here.  It's is hard because everyone here has a story, and I think that's what's so  difficult about this. I didn't know that my job would be chop down coconuts  and do all this stuff. Now that I’m here, I’m realizing that, I don't know,  it's just like, I have put in so much too. It's just... It makes me unsure  where I am definitely. But in terms of game play, it's just something you  have the deal with. Of course someone like Elaine you want to support, but at  the same time, you know that that might just ruin your game.  Jeff: So Aaron, where does this sit with you? Because emotions can touch you,  but does it change your strategy?  Yeah, absolutely. I mean, yes this is a game. Somebody has to go home, but  these are all people with real feelings and real emotions. So to go up there  and write name on the parchment of someone that you genuinely do care about,  it's not easy.  Is this hard for you?  Jeff: It's been a very emotional first tribal council? Vince, you're up.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want the play it, now would be the time to do so. All right. I'll read the  votes. First vote Vince. Ronnie. Vince. That's two votes Vince. Ronnie. We're  tied. Two votes Ronnie, two votes Vince. Ronnie. That's three votes Ronnie.  That's four votes Ronnie, two votes Vince. Ronnie. That's five votes Ronnie.  First person voted out, Ronnie. That's six, that's enough, you need to bring  me your torch. Ronnie, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  Okay, guys. Good luck.  Wow.  Jeff: Well, the theme of tonight's tribal was how difficult it would be to vote  somebody out, and yet the result a devastating blindside. You'll head back to  camp with flint. Good luck making fire. Grab your stuff, head back to camp.  Good night.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," when there's a blind side --  i don't want the talk to anybody right now.  Fool me twice, that's not going to happen.  Jeff: And heart attack, you can go insane.  People can't just creep around.  Let's just chill.  I'm going crazy right now.  I was blind sided pretty hard. I did not expect that. I thought I was  condition tributeing to my tribe. It sucks. It's pretty embarrassing to be  voted out first. But I made some mistakes, and in the game of poker, you have  to learn from your mistakes. It wasn't about just the money. $1 million is  great, but you can't put a price on an experience like this.