<br/>Jeff: We're in los angeles for the finale of "Survivor: Island of the  Idols." we started with 20. We are down to five. Here we are, Dean, Janet,  Lauren, Noura, and Tommy. And tonight we will crown a winner of our 39th  season. The big twist this season was Island of the Idols where we had two of  our most dominant winners serving as a mentor to a group of players. There  was Sandra, the only two-time winner, and Boston Rob, the only person to  appear five times for 153 days, getting a standing ovation. Step over here,  guys. [cheering and applause] quick question. Sandra, when you're serving as  a mentor, you get to observe and watch new players. Did you learn anything  from these new players?  I actually learned a lot, but the first thing I had to do was listen to them  and figure out what I could help them with to help them not only get to the  end but win. But my main focus really was learning from Boston Rob. I felt  like if there was anyone that could teach me anything, it would be paying  attention to him.  Jeff: You're studying him while you're supposed to be teaching others. That's  Sandra. How about you, Rob?  I've paid enough "Survivor" to know you have to constantly being  paying attention. The theme of the season was everything is a lesson, the  game is evolving, so my eyes were open out there, as well.  Jeff: That's why these two won. That's why I wish you would come become and  play again. All right. There is one visit left to Island of the Idols, and it  could change the entire game. We have another packed house for tonight's  finale. Let's get to it. The finale, "Survivor: Island of the Idols."   "Survivor" has been awesome to me. I love it. I love this game. I  don't know what it is about being out here, but sometimes the prize isn't  only in the million dollars. I know that's the goal for everyone, but the  reality is only one person is going to win it, and, you know, in my case, I found  things in "Survivor" that nobody has. I met my wife on this show. I  have four amazing daughters because of this show. So if your eyes are open,  there are gifts here beyond just the game.  You know, you found happiness and everlasting love, and I find happiness,  too, in the money i've made. So we find different happiness.  Yeah. You know, the purpose of this island was intended to make people better  "Survivor" players. I hope that for those that did visit us that  was the case.  You know, we were there to lend an ear, to listen, to give them advice.  Jeff: because it's day 36, really it's only three days left, but there's still a  lot of work to do. With five people left in the game, only three of them are  going to make the final.  And only one will win the $1 million.  That's right. I had a great time out here with you.  Likewise.  Cheers.  What the hell? Do I hear a boat? Oh, my gosh, it is a boat. What? Do you see  the boat, guys.  Boat's here. Noura is screaming, "there's a boat. " I’m like,  what's about to happen.  Hello again.  Oh, my God.  Thank you.  Grab your personal belongings and get on this boat.  All of us?  I think that's all of us.  We all know where we're headed. That's Island of the Idols. I'm excited to  see what's going to happen.  Let's get our stuff.  My mind immediately starts spinning, like, damn, we're all going. What it  means we don't really know.  My heart is pounding, baby, but this is the fourth quarter. This is overtime  right here. We're at the close, the last second. Now it's time to turn it up  a notch and close this thing out.  My heart is pounding. I'm the only person left that has not been to this  island. Final five, Island of the Idols, let's get this game done.  Wow. That's so cool. Is that their house? That's nuts.  I get first hug, right? I haven't seen you guys.  What's your name?  I'm Tommy.  Hi, Tommy. How are you?  I took your advice.  Good to see you.  It feels great to be back at Island of the Idols. Any chance to be around Rob  and Sandra is a gift. The lesson they made me has helped me make the final  five, but in my heart of hearts I always knew I would be here. I came out  here to win, this an I’m close.  Welcome to the Island of the Idols, day 36. [applause] you guys are so close.  There are five of you. Only three of you will be able to plead your case to  the jury for the million dollars.  And only one of you will win.  So there's still a ton of game left to play. And there are gifts in this game  if you're open to it. All right, guys, I’m sure you saw the house. Sandra and  I worked really hard on this house, because for the rest of the game, you  guys are going to live here. [screaming]  wait! There's more.  There is one more thing.  What?  We have a gift for you. These are special edition Island of the Idols buffs  to commemorate our time here and to wish you guys good luck and a strong  finish.  Ending our chapter at Island of the Idols is bittersweet, but I’m 100%  positive that Rob and I made them better "Survivor" players. Any of  the five that are still standing could easily take this game. So good luck,  may the best man or woman win.  All right, guys. Our time here is done. You finish strong, all right?  We will.  Good luck to all of you. Keep it together.  Take care, guys. Good luck.  Let's go. Wow, thanks, guys.  Thank you.  We did it.  This is rare. Everything that's happened on the Island of the Idols has been  a lesson, so they should know that there's no way we're going the leave them  without one last test.  We just outlasted Rob and Sandra.  Maybe, just maybe somebody's been paying attention.  Oh, my God.  Wow.  This is so cool.  My prayers have been answered.  There's fruit.  Yes, fruit! Oh, you're telling me, baby.  This is parsley. There's parsley here.  rob and Sandra say, our land is your land now, and you guys get to enjoy this  house we made, beds. So much fruit, comfort.  This is so cool. Chickens, blankets, pillows, hammocks. I was loving it. I  felt like I got upgraded to the suite at the hotel. Now I can really drive  hard until the end of the game.  Final five celebration. I say we eat a lot of fruit.  Oh, my God. I am in the final five right now. And I have an idol, so I am  guaranteed final four. Guaranteed final four. And none of these people can  beat me in fire. So I can see the final three. It could not have turned out  better.  Hey, we are there. We're set.  I was nervous.  I was, too. Now we're solid.  We're solid. I can't wait to say about our alliance, Tommy and the mommy.  Feels nice to take a break from talking. So who do you think is more of a  threat, Janet or Lauren?  Janet.  Me too. I just see how loving she is. Everyone is going to love her. She's  going to evoke emotionally from these people in jury.  Janet is very loved by everyone, but we have one weasel left, and that's Dean.  Dean is like the ex-boyfriend that you cannot trust. You don't know what  you're going to get with him. He's like a mixed bag of tricks. Quite simply  for my game, it's a no-brainer, let's get rid of Dean.  Come on, come on. Come on my little chick I cans. That's all I have in my  hand. That's all i've got.  Right now I’m laser focused on these brand-new buffs. In "Survivor"  history, they never give you a buff at final five. This is nuts. We're on the  Island of the Idols. There is something here, and it just rang in my head, Tommy,  that's your first hint. There has to be some symbol on here. So I’m looking  around, and I say, a machete. There's never been machete attached to this. So  it's hard to see, but it used to be a hidden immunity idol. So now I’m looking  at the machetes in a different light, because this is a clue to something.  Rob said, "there's many gifts this island has for you. There's probably  an advantage. There's probably an idol. Right now I’m searching this place  left and right, and I see another machete. And this machete is perfectly  placed in this coconut. Crack open that coconut, and nothing inside. It's  just pink or it's red. I don't know. I'm colorblind. So I haved in what's  red. Red in my eyes is pinkish, orangish, so anything orange, pink or red in  that familily have to search and look like crazy and just figure out, machete  and red now. So I’m on to the next part of this scavenger hunt.  What's up, dude? Come here.  I cracked up this coconut, pink inside.  Pink what?  Just pink. Since I’m colorblind and since I want the build more trust with I showed  Dean the coconut. Nothing else, just the pink.  I'm putting a lot of trust in Dean, but at this point I’m lost. With my eyes  I can't see these things. I hope Dean will use this with me, because Dean has  told me about his advantages. He told me about the idol nullifier, so if he  finds it, maybe he'll tell me about this one, too.  Maybe we look for another machete or another pink thing.  I'm telling you now, I’m 1,000% locked to taking you to the end.  Dude, seriously.  He's like, it's a clue, it's a clue, are we locked in, final two, are we  doing this? And Tommy is telling me everything. I mean, hell, I love it. I  guess he trusts me. Cool. Like if I keep my eyes open I guess. We'll see what  happens.  Being colorblind is extremely difficult, so I’m looking all over camp, but  the Island of the Idols is hunting, and Dean's not helping at all. She's just  chilled and relaxed.  That and then --  oh, go for it.  There's an opening right here. I feel like hip health is very important.  I'm not going to give up. What's next? And h. That's definitely next clue.  Whatever that is. Everyone is laughing and having a fun time, but my mind is  going nuts. There's a symbol that looks like an h, where is the symbol. Where  can I find this symbol. So I’m looking all over for twigs that line up, paths  that line up. I was thinking h for hammock, heart for heart, this symbol is  driving me nuts.  I got another clue?  How.  Follow me.  If you find it, it's going to me.  What?  Cool.  Right here.  H. It's an h with two paths.  We're past the red phase. It's the h phase.  I really need the take a poop, but let me think about it.  I'll be looking.  Don't has been no help. It's extremely nerve-racking. Dean seems like not  that interested. He's just being Dean, he's d.k. Chilling. All he does is sit  around. I want to get this thing done. I don't know where his head is at.  If I were Tommy, I would not have told me nothing. One of my dreams in this  game, find a freakin' hidden immunity idol, a secret advantage. I don't want  him to catch on the me. Then it clicks.  I'm going to go to the swing for a second. What's that swing doing over there.  What it looks like, maybe like this, and the seat, looks pretty much like the  symbol. I'm like, oh, I really want the find it before Tommy. So I’m going to  go for a swing. So I’m going to go for a swing.  Oh, my God. Out of the corner of my eye, I see the friggin symbol, I can  continue to the water, cool as ever. I watch the cutting board, wash the  cups. I mosey on, d.k. Chilling back to the shelter. I look around and no one  is there. Damn, now is my chance. Damn, now is my chance. I open it up, and  in the canvas wrap is a sweet, sweet-looking thing. I found the idol, baby.  Oh, my God. Can this day get any better. I have actually found a hidden  immunity idol on "Survivor." really in with five people left. I'm  feeling good right now. "you didn't think we'd leave without one last  test, did you? You passed it. Good luck, Sandra and Rob." I found one.  Tommy is still over there looking, sweating frantically. He might be looking  forever, which I find hilarious. He's never going to find it. There's no way  I’m telling Tommy. I'm keeping it to myself. So I guess d.k. Chilling has  turned to d.k. Dilling. Tommy is playing a fourth grade game out here. I'm  out here teaching advanced algebra. Come on, step the game up, Tommy. Come  on, man.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Take a look. You have to conquer this today. All  right. First things first, Dean, got the take back the necklace. Nobody wants  to help.  No one wants the take it off.  You got this, Tommy.  Jeff: Once again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're  going to retrieve a series of rope rungs and use them to climb a tower.  You'll then maneuver a bag of balls up a ladder and attempt to land those  balls on a table. First to finish wins immunity, guaranteed a spot in the  final four. In addition, you're playing for reward.  Oh, wow.  Yeah.  Jeff: The winner will enjoy back at your new home on Island of the Idols  steak, baked potato, salad and if necessary vegetarian options.  Are you kidding me?  Okay.  Jeff: Playing for a lot. Sound good?  Amazing.  Jeff: All right. We'll draw for spots. We'll get started. Hire -- here we go.  All right. Here we go. For immunity and reward, Survivors ready? Go! We've  got seven rope rungs you got to knock off and collect, because you need them  to get up that tower. Dean off the a fast start. Tommy is moving quickly.  There goes Dean with another one. Janet is doing welch everybody is doing  very well early in this challenge. Lauren has another one. There goes Noura  with another one. Tommy and Dean now starting to extend their lead. Dean has  all seven. He's through. Tommy is through. It is Tommy and Dean right now.  Now you got to build the ladder from botTom to top. Janet has all of hers,  she's heading in. Noura has hers. Lauren down to her last two. Tommy working  on that rope ladder. Dean working on his rope ladder. Dean hooks another.  Tommy hooks another. Here goes Noura. She's getting into it very fast now.  Dean with his last rope. Tommy on his last rope. You're good, Tommy. Your  good, Dean. We are still neck and neck. Here comes Lauren. She's in on it  now. Now you've got to maneuver that bag of balls up the ladder. Another Survivor  puzzle. Noura moving very fast. She's quickly getting back in this. Janet  struggling to stabilize. Use all this body, whatever it takes, Janet. You  have lasted 37 days. You want to get to 38. Here comes Noura. She's got her  last rope. Get up here. Dean and Tommy side by side. Final four on the line.  Immunity around your neck is what you want tonight. Tommy is up. Dean is up.  At the final stage, both have untied their balls and can start on the maze.  Noura is making a go of this. She's right on their tail. Noura is good. Start  untying those balls. Lauren now is up. Janet is up. Lauren and Janet both now  on the second phase of this challenge. It is Dean, Noura, and Tommy on the  maze looking the land two balls to guarantee yourself a spot in the final  four. Noura is in and out. Lauren now in it. Janet right on her tail. Tommy  has his first one. Tommy now working on his second ball. Janet drops. Here comes  Dean. You can feel the intensity pick up now. Everybody now chasing Tommy.  Janet going to give it another go. Janet once again hovering around that  first ball and she's got it. Janet has her first. It is now Tommy and Janet  fighting for immunity. Dean going to skip that first hole. He's at the tricky  spot on this maze going for that deep target. The wind really picking up now.  Tommy drops. Got to start again. Dean getting very close to that and he's got  it. Dean lands his first, but he lands the deepest one, which is more  difficult. Dean has one more ball to drop, and it's the close one and he's  quickly getting there. This would be it right here. It's in and out. Dean  drops. Got to go again.  Oh, okay, Lauren.  Jeff: Lawyer drops her first ball. She's in it now. Everybody has one ball  except Noura. You are guaranteed a spot at the final four if you finish  first. Lauren drops. She's got to go back. Here goes Janet. She's now edging  closer and closer to that second ball. Dean for the win...  Damn!  Jeff: Misses again. It is still anybody's game right now. Tommy getting  closer. Janet drops. She's got to go back. Here comes that wind again. Can Dean  get it back under control? Tommy now at the end. Dean for the win... And he's  got it. Dean wins individual immunity! Guaranteed a spot in the final four.  Nice job.  Let's go, baby.  Amazing job.  Good job.  Jeff: Dean, come on over. Back-to-back immunity wins. Safe tonight at tribal  council, and guaranteed a spot in the final four. Cannot be voted out of this  game tonight.  Wow.  Jeff: You have one more big decision. You have lunch waiting for you back at  camp. The question is which one person are you going to take?  Dean, i've been supporting you for a lot of stuff.  As have all of you.  I haven't eaten like you haven't eaten.  I mean, Jeff, to be honest, this is about the final four, who is going to  win, and potentially who is going to take me with them if it's not me.  Jeff: An you're also fueling somebody for the next challenge.  True. I'm going to take Noura.  Jeff: Really?  Yes.  Jeff: What inspired that out of nowhere?  I love her stoicism, her positivity. We've been butting heads a little bit,  and I am one for getting rid of beast, no pun intended, and making things  right.  Jeff: So this is to make aimeds?  Yes.  Wow. Thank you so much.  You can't deny the only Dean has already made up his mind, and in my opinion  he's just doing jury management with Noura, but there is no way that she'll  fall for it.  Jeff: All right, Dean and Noura, it will be steak, vegetarian option waiting  for you back at your new home, Island of the Idols. As for the rest of you, Tommy,  Lauren, Janet and Noura, after 37 very tough days in this game, this will be  the end. Tonight somebody will be voted out. Your dream of winning this game  will be over. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. See you tonight at tribal.  Congrats.  Congrats.  Here we are. Final five, d.k. Chilling, Dean is no longer a goat. He's got  one immunity necklace. He's got two, an idol nullifier, the second ever to be  seen in "Survivor." and three, a hidden immunity idol. Mama, look  at me now.  We hit the Jackpot.  Now you owe me, huh?  I do.  Let's do it. Let's do it. I'm going to dig into it.  Will let's do a cheers. I want the thank you for putting our differences  aside and let's have fun and including me in it, you are a man in my eyes. I  know i've called you a boy before, and I see you as a man.  Noura, cheers.  Thank you. In this game, my relationship with Dean has been challenging, but  when Dean chose me, I felt like I was walking into a date.  I feel weird.  Sorry. I'm never looking down on you anymore.  Anymore.  It's weird, for a guy who is shy, he's pretty slick and warm, and this whole  beautiful romantic date, the flirting, I loved every second of it. When I go  to a wedding or I go to a birthday, this is all I do.  Stop talking.  Okay. Fine. I am crazy. Have you ever met anyone as crazy as me?  At least you know you're crazy, and new york I don't think I have.  He's cute, he's pleasant, he's gentlemanly. I don't know, he's growing on me.   I want to put this out there. This is not a romantic gesture. Pure game play.   I know who you are. Your sign is what?  Aries.  We get along well in  do I want to sit here and hear her yap the whole time? Absolutely not. But do  I want to be taken to the final three, absolutely some trying to get in her  good graces and see what can happen with Noura and Dean, the Godforsaken  romeo and juliet of season 39.  What I’m thinking is we all want to get to the final two, I want to take that  next step and say, if I win, I want to sit next to you. If you win, hopefully  you take me and I hope this gesture does help. What's more important is if  you win Tomorrow, who are you picking?  I will take you?  Yeah.  I promise. I'm committed to you. You have my word. I'm taking you.  I have a final two pact with Tommy and now with Noura, and did Dean close the  deal? Absolutely, because I got exactly what I wanted.  Today is changing the future of the game. We just need Janet out.  That's where we are. Let's see Janet go home tonight.  It's best for all of our games. We're smart people. BotTom line.  Cool.  Taking all the romance and fun aside, you know, he's trying the secure his  game and be in the final three. He's buttering me up for sure, and I’m liking  it, and so me it makes sense. Yeah, this is the best. We need to get Janet  out. She's too well liked and respected. She's got to go out as soon as  possible.  One, two, three.  At the final five, that's the last time I can play the idol. This is it. This  is the last of idol play. I want the use it to the best of my advantage.  Is it awkward?  Yes. It is awkward.  But I have an idol in my pocket. This will set you up to throw me under the  bus.  What do you mean?  This is going to be the big move. I'm going to claim my spot in the final  four. I'm going to let them all know to watch out for the fire lady.  So what we do is put all the votes on me and I vote Lauren.  Okay?  You see what I’m saying? We need to be smart about. This I got a fricking  idol, we need to use it.  It makes my hand clean and you get a big move.  You guys are done already?  So all three of them got to vote me, and i'll vote Lauren.  Okay.  Tommy and I made a plan. We'll get out Lauren, who I think is the biggest  threat. Lauren has a lot of friends. A lot of people like her. She's good. I  got to give it to her. It's worked for her to get her to the final five.  My date tonight was great.  When he picked you...  I'm feeling pretty confident. You can't set it up any better.  It's great.  I am already thinking about what I’m going to say to the jury in the final  three. As f we get to the final four, I’m pentagon you and you're picking me.   Okay?  Yeah.  My life is on that  okay. Let's do it.  You too? We're with each other?  If I win, yeah.  Janet is my "Survivor" mom. We are super close an we have this  extreme bond. It was Tommy and his mommy. She has a huge part of my heart.  What are you doing?  I love Janet. She's great. It's hard the break away from her emotionally, but  sadly, I really need her out of this game. I hate being like that, but she's  the best fire maker, and she would probably sit at the final three and win.  This is our last chance to get her.  Janet has I have an idol. Janet wants Lauren out. But in reality, Lauren has  been my ride or die since day one. Here's my plan now, Dean plays the idol  null fire correctly, you're good. You're not going home tonight with Dean  playing the idol nullifier.  You won't play it?  He's not a dumb person. He will want to make a move.  That's the thing that scares me.  He wants a spot with you. They both -- Noura and Dean both know we'll take  each other to the end. Janet has an idol. She thinks I’m going home. I can't  say that without feeling my heart fall into my sTomach. My game rests in the  hands of Dean.  Janet told me she has an idol.  Okay.  Yeah, yeah.  With your idol nullifier, that will be a good move for you.  I worry because I feel like Dean really wants to be close with Tommy. Dean  will be like, I don't want to play my nullifier because I want to split Tommy  and Lauren up.  I'm so scared to sit next to Lauren or Janet. If Lauren squeaks by. She's  beating both of us.  I mean, you're definitely not knocking out Lauren?  I would vote out Janet next. You have that move with the idol nullifier. I'm not  trying to be a dictator here. A couple days ago back at Vokai I thought I saw  Janet find an ido. Now I know for a fact she has one. But it's my decision  who goes home, Janet or Lauren. Lauren is also a threat in this game. She  just has a way about her that people attach to.  Girl.  Look what happens when Noura has some fun and some sugar.  I'm so happy.  I'm telling you right now, Tommy and Lauren, they're tied together at the  hip, so do I want to trust Lauren so Tommy has the only place to run to is me.   Can I talk one thing, though? You're not taking over, right?  No, no, no, I’m absolutely taking you, but Noura, if you win, will you take  me?  I don't know. I'm getting this weird gut feeling about Dean. What are you  trying to do? Dean can pull a sneaky one and say, I want Lauren out.  My biggest threat in this game is Lauren. Well, it's Janet first. For me it's  Lauren. There is nothing in this world more frustrating than this.  I got all the toys. I got all the bling. I got all the power. Janet has an idol.  She thinks she's sitting pretty. And Lauren, knowing I have the idol  nullifier is feeling good. But either way you look at it, somebody is going  to be shocked. Take a look at the jury, too, they're going to be, whoo.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. So, Dean, your second  immunity challenge in a row, guarantees you a spot in the final four. Is  there any sense of relief, or are you still in the same mode?  There's a sense of relief for tonight, but my mind is still thinking about,  okay, what's Tomorrow's challenge bring or how can I talk to whoever is left Tomorrow  to say, if you do win, can I come with you? The mind never stops until you  sit in those final three seats and pitch your case.  Jeff: Lauren, what did you notice at camp after Dean wins the challenge?  Pandemonium set in, you know? It just speaks volumes to how pedal to the  metal this game is right now at day 37.  Jeff: Dean, pandemonium, does that describe what you saw?  At times it was like that. It helps that we have a nice fire that Janet  loads, that we have a little fruit. That keeps people central in our little  house.  Jeff: Janet, what is it about the fire? Is that because you are living on Island  of the Idols?  Oh, my gosh, it's so awesome, it's a stone fireplace. I start it in like one  second. It is like the best.  Jeff: So, Lauren, when somebody adores fire, it brings up a question I’m sure  everybody has talked about, the final four fire making challenge is a pivotal  moment in the game, and tonight is the decider whom are the four people who  might be making fire?  I mean, I definitely think that's something that we have all considered. And  we call it mama Janet's stove because it is her stove after all.  Jeff: Janet, you don't seem concerned.  I am concerned, but you know what? I have developed a reputation as fire  lady. If I live past tonight,ly try and use it to my advantage. But I can't  help it. You know, I’m the fire lady.  Jeff: So Noura, what do you do? What is the game play?  You know, people are thinking, who do I not want to be sitting next to. It's  become that simple, but it's about the jury and their perspective on us, and  their perspectives create the reality of the game. So it comes down to what  do we think they'll think.  Jeff: Tommy, it's really difficult because the jury is watching the game  evolve, and you don't know if their perspective is shifting, as well.  Yeah. I think our perspective of each other change and their perspectives of  us change every single thing we say, as a teacher, when egrade a test, there's  one rubric. I grade everything to it, but each and every single one of them  has a different rubric. Someone might love extreme game play, blindside,  where the other person, if you blindsided them, they may hate you you have to  read their minds and decide what they want to hear.  Jeff: Janet, even when it gets down to five, it's incredibly intense, but  it's there are so few choices a lot of times it's like, I hope I’m right,  let's go.  There are so few choice, we're rolling the dice and saying, I hope I come out  on top.  I'd argue flipping a coin. Everyone has who you want to sit next to, five  minus two. You have two people to choose from, who do you want to go home.  Give him an "a."  Jeff: So are we ready to vote?  We are.  Jeff: All right. It's time to vote. Noura, you're up.  You're an unbelievable woman. I am so sorry for this. I am so sorry for this.   Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol aubry  you want to play it, now would be the time to do so.  Jeff. I'm playing it for me.  Jeff: Okay. This is a hidden immunity idol. And this is the idol nullifier.  The until phier blocks the power of an idol only if it is played against the  correct person. This nullifier was played against Janet. Janet, your idol has  no power. Any votes cast against Janet will still count. I'll read the votes.  First vote, Lauren. Janet. One vote Lauren, one vote Janet. Janet. Two votes Janet,  one vote Lauren. 16th person voted out, Janet. That's three, that's enough.  You need to bring me your torch.  Amazing job, mama. Well done.  Jeff: Janet, the tribe has spoken.  All right, Jeff. Thank you.  Jeff: Thank you.  Bye, Janet.  Bye, Janet.  Bye, guys.  See you later.  Jeff: Well, you've made it to the final four. Tomorrow you'll compete in your  final immunity challenge. Grab your torch. Head back to camp. Good night.  I allowed myself to get really hopeful because I was so close to having a  possible dream come true. I feel really naive and stupid to think that I allowed  myself to go further in my head than I had it. But I’m proud of the game I played.  It's because it's who I am.  Jeff: She's one of the most popular women to ever play "Survivor."  come on out, Janet. She was the oldest and the most feared. Look at that.  Energy that. All right. Have a seat. So I was saying as you walked out that  when this started, your biggest fear was I’m the oldest woman, i'll be first  out.  I know.  Jeff: And what do you know? You're the most feared, so they destroyed you  with a betrayal  i know.  Jeff: It's a compliment.  Yeah, but, you know, as mind blowing as it is, it's just like, come on.  Jeff: The nullifier. You hate it.  I hate it. It doesn't matter.  Jeff: Do you know who loves the nullifier? Dean.  I'm sure he does.  Jeff: And you're the one who told Tommy.  My life is to live by my gut. I was sleep deprived, hungry, I found this  idol. I showed it to him. As soon as I did it, I was like, oh, I didn't  listen to my gut.  Jeff: Listen to your gut, but i'll tell you what the story for me was. You  even just said it. You said, stay true to who you are.  Yeah.  Jeff: So what kind of response have you gotten, because you have inspired  little kids and you're inspired women your age to say, I can do anything.  I am getting e-mails and letters, smile mail letter from ten year olds in  seattle washington and young men, 14, 12...  Jeff: Saying what?  I want to live my truth. I'm getting emotional, Jeff. You did this to me.  [cheering and applause]  Jeff: Janet, you're an inspiration. And thank you for playing.  Thank you. Thanks for having me.  Jeff: Don't go anywhere.  Okay.  Jeff: We're down to four, and with the final four fire-making challenge,  which she probably would have won, anybody can win this game. Later tonight,  what are we doing for our 40th season? We'll be right back. Take that in.  That's beautiful. Look at that. That's a lot of love.  You starting that fire?  Up until this point I have made big, big, big-time moves that will light up  the jury's eyes. I have made final two pacts with Tommy and with Noura,  because I have not made fire this whole game one time. So I really need to  win today's challenge. I need to have the comfort of knowing I am going to  the final three without even having to make fire.  I can't make fire. I'm in the saying that because I want a guaranteed two. I  can't do it.  I'm telling her I can't make fire even though I can, because I’m just trying  to have a plan "b." and at this point, my mind-set is win the  challenge. So what happens if I don't win? I need a plan, and I need it to  happen now. I can't wait until after they win, because then everyone is going  to be kissing their butt. So I want to kiss their butt before they win. I  swear on my lively take you to the final two if I win this challenge, an i've  never sworn on my life. I would swear on my life if you would bring me if you  win. I want to bring you there on a heart level because we both have the  biggest hearts here. I don't know how to pitch to Noura because I still don't  get Noura on day 38. So with Noura I’m trying to make the other tribe members  sound a little bad. Dean said I promised Noura and she promised me. He said,  I don't mean it at all. But I’m just telling her.  That could be a lie also.  It could be a lie, too, but I was like, okay. I'm telling you all the truth,  and I’m not trying to pressure you.  We need to have these conversations.  It feels nice that I’m a hot commodity right now. It's like I’m answering the  phone, and I’m like, hello, Tommy calling. Hello, Dean calling. Man, Noura is  becoming popular now.  This is the thing, I have been working with you to this point, but now I told  myself I’m going to be selfish at the end but also follow my heart. I'm a  people pleaser in my life and I want people to have what they want so it's a  tough balance between what does Noura want the give others and what does Noura  want. I mean, now -- sorry, I see pretty Dean stretching and going in the  water. He's freakin' everywhere. Now I’m at a loss for words. You know what?  I've been out here a long time and not had any romanticism or thought of a  boyfriend back home. I don't have something to look forward the right now. I  can't say there's no one out there, but you know what I’m saying.  Dean has done you wrong the last two.  I'm enjoying it. I'm going to enjoy it. It's finally about me. It's finally  about my game. It's finally about what serves me best, not trying to make  things so much easier for everyone else.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. A familiar challenge. All right. First things first,  take back the immunity necklace. Wow, first time.  We have the change things up for you.  Jeff: For the last time, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's  challenge, you're going to stack letter blocks on a very wobbly platform.  First person to spell "Island of the Idols" wins immunity,  guaranteed a spotted in the final three where you will gate chance to plead  your case to the jury about why you deserve the title of sole Survivor and  the $1 million prize. In addition, you will choose one person to sit next to  you and force the other two to battle making fire for that third and final  spot. Maybe the biggest challenge of the season. Draw for spots. We'll get  started. Good luck. All right. Here we go for a guaranteed spot at the final  three. Survivors ready? Go! It's going to take a steady hand to win this  challenge. Every time you get up there, you've got to press that peddle and  unlock it. It's a mechanism which makes it wobbly. Then you start placing  letters. That's the easy part. What's more difficult is getting back and  locking in without disturbing any of the progress you have made. When your  letters drop, you've got to lock it back in, pick up the letters, take them  back, pick up where you left off. You cannot get discouraged. It's going the  happen. You're going to drop. Each bid of movement. Moves the entire  mechanism. Every step offers the opportunity of Danger.  Really?  Jeff: Really. It seems impossible that you can finish this challenge.  Somebody will. Dean back with that first word. Dean trying to find that foot  peddle. Trying to lock in right now. And he does. Dean has his first word.  Noura is taking a lot of time that. What you have to do. Never take your eyes  off those blocks. Noura back with the full first word. It is now Dean in the  lead with Noura right behind. Tommy with a nice save. Lauren nice and steady  right now. And drops again. Dean back with more letter blocks in place.  Getting faster now. These letters starting to go up more quickly. Noura right  behind. Noura has two words. Dean has two words. Immunity on the line. You're  going to earn this one. The more letters you have, the more difficult it  becomes. Dean drops a letter. A big setback now. He has to lock in, head back  with Noura in the lead now, you're all slowly starting to realize that it's a  very gentle touch. You don't even want to breathe too heavy near these  letters. It could knock them off. That mechanism is moving. Now has her first  two rows complete. She is down to five letters left in this challenge. Dean  right on her tail. Lauren trying to stay in it. Tommy for the first time in a  long time keeps some blocks up on his mechanism. And the blocks drop. Noura  with the final two letters for this challenge, and it is Dean trying the  catch her. Noura places the last letter. Here comes Dean, gaining on her.  Dean loses several blocks. "can you see me now" just -- Noura just  has to get back with all of them remaining in place. It would take colossal  mistake from Noura right now.  Keep going. You can drop.  Jeff: It's dead quiet. The only soundtrack playing right now in your head is  that heart racing. Can she do it. Her foot is on the peddle. Noura wins her  third individual immunity and guarantees herself a spot at the final tribal  council, amazing effort on day 38. Noura, come on over.  Good job, Noura.  Jeff: For the third time, individual immunity is yours. And most importantly,  you have made it to the final three. This is what you dream about when you  imagine playing this game. What's the emotion right now?  My emotion is like woo, woo. I feel amazing. That's my emotion.  Jeff: Well, congratulations. You are in the final three.  Thank you.  Jeff: Tonight you're going to make a big decision. You'll choose one of these  three to sit next to you at the final tribal and you're going to force the  other two to make fire. I'm guessing it will be an interesting afternoon.  Congratulations. Final three. Everybody else see you tonight at tribal  council.  Thank you, Jeff. Congrats.  I'm proud of myself. Look what you're capable of. Look what you can do, you  know? At the beginning of the game, I thought I was going to be the first  person voted out, and look what you can do when you really believe in  yourself. I did the impossible.  Noura has all the power in this game for the first time. She's in charge of  who gets taken to the final three and who is doing fire. I'm scared. She  changes her mind all the time. She's all over the place. And it's really hard  dealing with the unknown in "Survivor." so I would love to hear  what you guys are thinking, but this is what I was thinking. I want to jump  in the ocean, clean off, and then I already know what I’m going to do, and I want  to tell it to you, and I want you to know the psychology behind it. I'm going  to literally tell you the logic.  You're not going to make us go crazy?  Can we talk about it now?  I want the chill and I want to have a pine apple. We're final four. Let's  just have a little fun and I’m going to give it to you. It feels amazing to  win this last challenge. But right now I’m sitting even prettier than usual.  Because it solidifies me final three and my game has been bold, zesty,  flavorful, interesting, unique, healthy, fun, different.  Noura, we're waitin&amp;tã my girl.  And this decision is very important, and I am going to be selfish. I'm going  to be Noura, Noura, Noura. Noura, Noura, Noura. So how I’m going to dispense  the decision is going to be different than most people expect. Are you okay  guys?  We're nervous. Very nervous.  Okay. Brevity is not my strong suit, so I’m going to explain why I’m making  this decision. Lauren, you are my number one. At this point in my life,  you're my number one. You have given me a friend in the game when I had none.  Dean, you're the man. You are beautiful. You are eloquent. You're smooth,  you're calm and collected as a cucumber, even in the hardest times of the  game, and you have made some great moves. Whatever. Kudos to you. Tommy, you  are loyal, you are an incredible person. You literally helped me do things  that made me get to where I am. You could have said, forget this girl, she's  crazy, we can't trust her, boom, out. That would be an easy vote for you.  Like Noura normally does, she's talking a mile a minute. She's talking with  her head. She's talking with her heart, her stories are going back and forth.   I gave you my number. I gave you a wink. You still didn't call me. Other  people are calling me.  We don't know where she's going. You just want to say, spit it out, who are  you taking and who is making fire, but that's not how Noura operates.  I feel like I have given ammo to many different players who helped them, but  no one has done for me, but it doesn't matter what I think. It matters what  the jury thinks. So Lauren, you do your own thing in your own way, and it  works. You see it, whenever I get you all to myself, I’m like, I have Lauren,  the queen. But because you are such a threat in the eyes of everyone, I have  to tell you, it's going to be you going to fire. You are the queen right now.  That's why I have to put you to fire. Because I’m going to have the hardest  case.  I get it, Noura.  That's where we go next. Tommy, you told me point blank you suck at fire. I  trust that. But I do recognize I am still here because of Tommy. Dean, on our  little date yesterday, which I loved and we had a great time. I told you I would  commit to you, because that point your game was as hot as it is right now.  You're on fire, literally. You're going to be on fire tonight. That's what's  happening. And I’m sorry, most importantly, it's because you can do and Lauren  is more Danger rouse to me.  You have no idea what this means. I owe you my life. I really do.  I can't believe this. She's here. I haven't made fire the whole time i've  been here. I practiced before I left but that's not enough. I love this game.  I want the keep playing. I'm not going to leave without a fight. I have to stop  crying and go practice making fire.  Lauren is crying. Fully tear, fully yelling, fully emotional. I just put on a  smirk, because that's where you want your competition to be right now. I hope  she thinks I’m super good at it, because I have never made fire in my life. I  just want the keep my cool and see if d.k. Chilling can really rise to the  occasion. And if I can win this, it will seal a good-looking resume for me.  Then what?  Then you put your little bamboo on, a little coconut husk and you're good.  I'm at the point now where I have to help them make fire, because one is  going to be on the jury, and I still want their vote.  You got flame. That's all you need is a flame. I'm in the an expert. So I don't  want to tell you wrong information and you do it.  I hear you.  Lauren is my best friend out here. I would love for her to win, but that's if  I was thinking with my heart. I have to think with my head. You should put a  couple bamboos on the botTom to air it out like this. Then you want the make  a tepee.  Lauren and I made almost every move together as a dynamic duo. So I don't  want her sitting in the final three because I don't want to split votes with  her.  There you go. Yeah, boom. Smoking. There you go.  It should catch like crazy. You're good. Yeah, there you go. So I’m going to  tell Dean, make fire and do it well.  That was very helpful, thank you.  If I’m sitting next to Dean and Noura, I think I have really good chance to  win $1 million.  I really truly love you and it hurts me that I had to make this decision. I  know you want space and quiet, so I will give it to you okay.  Thank you.  Whenever you want to talk or you need something...  Noura, I can't, because I have to focus on this and you put me against a guy  that you know can make fire.  BotTom line, you're the biggest social threat.  Do you know what a number one means? A number one is not somebody you don't  take to the end.  Would you rather it will me you and Tommy and I have no chance to do well.  Explain it to me.  You're being selfish.  I'm being selfish?  Yes.  If you were really my girl, you would be humble.  You're talking to me and telling me about being hullable? How dare you, Noura.  You should say good job.  Please, leave.  I will steal all the confetti.  I am giving you this time to do what you want with it.  You're not giving me anything. You're telling me your going to steal the  machete  i'm telling you that i'mi you if I wanted to, I could do whatever I want to  incapacitate you.  That's supposed to make me feeling better? Noura is giving me lines of  baloney. Please give me space and for her to tell me she's going the hide the  machetes and the flints, who are you? Noura is going to see why she didn't  pick me, because I’m going to win.  I'm pissed off, which is fuel that I’m going to use tonight. It's just a  small fire that's standing in between me and $1 million. The title is so  important to me because it's like when you're little, you look up to superman  and superwoman and all these people. And you see them keep winning and winning.  Tonight I want to have that. Like I want to be that superhero. I believe in  myself. I know that I can do this. Because I have to win.  Jeff: We'll now wring in the members of our jury. Let's get to it. So today, Noura,  you win your third individual immunity challenge, and in doing so guarantee  yourself a spot at the final tribal council Tomorrow night where you are  going to a debt chance to plead you case to this jury. When you got back the  camp, did you have any moments of reflection for what you've accomplished  getting to the end? For me this journey has been about appreciating every  single step, and to complete a very challenging challenge like that and know  that I did it, it is everything. It shows you you have so much more in you  than you know, and I’m feeling like, yes, I’m final three. This is  everything. But then you know you have some hard decisions to make. So now  you have to give the news to someone that's great. Hey, you're coming with  me. And two people, hey, you got to fight for this.  Jeff: Shall we just get to it?  Yes.  Jeff: All right, Noura, walk us through it. What is your decision?  So basically we get back and I start by saying, Lauren you've been my number  one many this game the entire time, and I’m not even going the look at your  expressions right now, but your face really is americay and kind of rude. I'm  trying give you love and give you promise and let you know, really, where I’m  coming from.  I'm letting you say your piece, girl. Speak up. I'm listening.  I'm telling you. Am I going to risk my game where I got a clean shot at the  finish, am I going to be dumb enough, dumb enough, did you think I was dumb  enough that I would bring my Lauren number one because you're my number one?  No. That's where I have a problem.  I'm not going to apologize for being combative because I have been watching  this game for 18 years, and I will never go down without a fight.  Okay.  Jeff: Noura, it would appear that one of the people that's going to be making  fire is Lauren.  That is correct.  Jeff: So Lauren, can you explain to me the tension?  I personally don't understand the idea of, hey, you're my number one, you're  my best friends, but I’m going to take you out. Those two things don't line  up for me. I won't take that as a compliment. I take it as a cop-out. I  didn't realize that Noura sees me as that threat. She better hope I don't  come back.  Jeff: Who is she going to go up against?  She's going to go up against Dean, because in two seconds he  Jeff: You're looking for someone who can take out Lauren.  I want the take Tommy you to final three and let these guys to it.  Jeff: Tommy, how does that feel to be in the final three?  It feels great. I mean, I owe her. And it make me super excited that I get an  opportunity to pitch to the jury why I think, you know, I have a chance of  winning, but right now my mind is running on what's going on next, who is  going to be sitting on the third seat.qi so I think it's still the final  three, then you can't really think of what's going to happen at the final  three.  Jeff: Dean, how do you feel? Were you surprised that you were selected to  make fire?  I wasn't too surprised and I kind of put on my hard hat and went to practice.  I'm feeling good.  Jeff: All right. So Noura, Tommy, congratulations. You will be in the final  tribal council. There is one seat left. It will be decided by a fire-making  showdown between Lauren and Dean. Take your spots. Dean, you're on the far  one. Lauren, you're on the near. You each have the same amount of supplies.  Cool.  Jeff: You have to build a flame from the base that grows high enough to burn  through the rope and raise the flag. Literally, this could be a $1 million  fire you are building. Are you both ready?  You ready?  Ready as i'll ever be.  Jeff: And begin.  This is crazy.  Jeff: There are a few different ways you can get started when you're building  a fire like this. The only one that matters is the one that works for you.  Lauren quickly shaving some magnesium. Dean is trying to build his structure  first. Then get fire. Dean starting to save some magnesium. Lauren going for  it first, trying to get some flame. Dean going for it now. 38 days comes down  to this, the most basic of "Survivor" skills. Dean with a little  bit of a flame. Can he keep it going? That will burn quickly. The key is when  you get a flame, you've got to get some sticks in there, some kindling to  catch. Lauren has fire now. She's in it.  Come on, Lauren. Come on.  Jeff: Dean's flame starting to subside. He's trying to bring more life to it  now, breathing some life into it. Lauren now trying to add some sticks in  there. You have to build a base. If you keep just put that quick-burning husk  you're going to run out of it. Both players have fire, both players are in  this. Both players really pretty even right now. Dean's fire has a bit more  of a base. Still a long way from that rope. Lauren trying to get that to go.  Adding more sticks. Dean's fire burning bigger now. You're still in it. You  just got to build.  Dean's killing it.  Jeff: Dean's flame starting to increase. It's not blowing under the rope.  That opens the door for Lauren. Lauren's fire is still going. Definitely not  going anywhere. She just has to grow it. It has to start burning higher.  You're trying to get to that rope. Dean starting to burn that rope.  You're right there. You're burning the rope. You're right there.  Jeff: Dean is right on the edge of victory.  You're there.  Jeff: The rope is burning little by little. Lauren is trying to stay in it.  Right there.  Jeff: There it is. Dean has done it. Dean has made fire. He will take the  final spot at the final three.  For record, this morn was first time I made fire the whole day. I don't know  what Noura is talking about.  Well done, guys.  Jeff: So Lauren, the toughest way to go out of this game is to fight for 38  days and then lose in a fire-making challenge when you had a fire, as well.  You outlasted a lot of votes. You got as close as you can get. The dream of  winning has fallen short. Talk to me, though, about the adventure of 38 days  in Fiji playing this complicated game.  I mean, the fact that I stayed outside for 38 days is amazing in and of  itself. Like I don't go outside for more than two hours. But for me, what  this story has really been about is believing in myself, and I think that I fake  believed in myself and I told myself all the things that I think people see  about me, but now I can walk away from this game with my head held high  knowing that I am a strong "Survivor" player, and, hey, going out  as the biggest threat is a good way to go.  Jeff: Lauren, time for you to grab your torch.  Never thought it would come to this. I love you guys.  Love you.  Oh, Jeff.  Jeff: Lauren, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  Thanks for everything.  Thank for playing.  Bye.  Good luck.  Bye, Tommy.  Jeff: Noura, Tommy, Dean, congratulations. You've made it to the end. You've  gone as far as you can go in the game. Tomorrow night you will each get a  chance to plead your case to the jury about why you deserve the title of sole  Survivor and the $1 million prize. You have one more night in Fiji. I suggest  you try to get some sleep. I think you're going to need it. Grab your  torches. Head back to camp. See you Tomorrow. Good night.  This sucks really bad. But you know what? Noura was right. Everyone does like  me on the jury, and if I did make it, I probably would have won. So I just  wish she didn't figure that out. That's all she wrote. I love "Survivor,"  and I want to play again. [cheering and applause]  Jeff: It's one of the most dramatic moments of the season. Lauren falls just  short of what might have been a $1 million fire. Here she is. [cheering and  applause] another powerful woman this season who literally was too big of a  social threat. You have been dreaming about this, as you said, sentence you  were seven. There are a lot of seven year olds here tonight. Give me the  highlights. You went almost as far as you can go.  I didn't think I was going to go out there, Jeff, win an idol, win an  immunity, meet Rob and Sandra who I have idolized, but I hate to toot my own  horn, but toot, toot, because I did that.  Jeff: And since you are the personification of a seven year old who got on  "Survivor," what have you heard from other kids who are coming up  to you?  It's so great to hear that I’m an inspiration to someone else. It's not  something that I ever thought that I would be. You know, just to be able to  do that for someone else and give someone a voice and let them know that if I  can do it, this indoor barbie that doesn't go outside, you can do it, too.  And I just want to say thank you for giving me the opportunity.  Jeff: I think you were fantastic. Got to say, here's the thing, about three  times a week somebody comes up and says, hey, I have a friend, they should be  on "Survivor," a friend of our, a mutual friend came up to me, we  have somebody who should be on Survivor, the only time within 20 years, and  within 15 seconds of her talking, oh, my God, she's the one, she's going to  be on the show. If you want to know what happens to somebody right after  they're voted out, check out our ponderosa series. You'll see Lauren, Jack, Elaine,  Jamal. They're all. There it's really cool. Okay, our final three. This close  to crowning a winner. More of the finale right after this. Well done.  &gt;&gt;ites day 39 on season 39.  Wow. That's crazy, huh?  We played "Survivor" and didn't get voted out. Right?  Tommy, I freakin' lover you.  I love you, too.  It's a little weird to wake up on day 39. I started off feeling I’m going to  be first one to go home. Now I’m sitting pretty in final three. It's weird.  I'm proud of my game. I look back. I can see the strategy. I played in the  moment, and I’m not going out until I give it my everything. That's what I do  in my life. That's what I have done in this game. That's why I’m here right  now.  Final three, baby.  Freakin' awesome.  Cheese, eggs, sausage  pancakes.  Day 39 is glorious, because I realize I have a good shot at winning $1  million. I couldn't be happier. I'm fired up. Bacon, baby. This game is the  hardest thing i've ever done in my life, but on the other hand, it's one of  the greatest things i've done, because I move to myself that now I can  conquer anything that comes in my path.  This victory tastes good.  Do you want to say, hey, just give Tommy the million, we're cool. That would  be cool. [Noura laughing]  i'm confident in the game I played. This may be the most proud of myself,  swear to God, i've been in my whole entire life. To be honest, Noura I think  is seen as a long shot, so even though it's a final eye, in my eyes it feels  like a final two for Tommy and myself. So tonight it comes down to Dean  versus Tommy, magic versus bird. It's going to be a showdown between the two  of us. May the best man win.  Amazing. I'm proud of us.  Boys man.  They're going to be like, you two did it. I'm going to pitch my game.  If it comes down, pitch me why you think you did better than Tommy.  Going in, I do think it's a two-man race. However, you can't count out Noura.  She does the impossible. You never know what she's going to say.  We beat all those people that are voting.  May game is all about social play. I always want to be the center point some  when Noura says, Tommy, can you help me with my speech, I’m like, of course I  can, Noura. I can definitely help you can your speech.  We definitely need to shut down Dean's game. There is a name called a lackey,  you know, that because you're a teacher.  I'm a will by because if you do that, he attaches himself to numbers, doesn't  make my moves. Why should we reward him in we're living in a world where you  got to make moves and do stuff  what a beautiful speech. There's in hard feelings. The reason he's sitting  here is because no one wanted to vote him out because everyone wanted to sit  next to him.  Tommy, I love you, this is another reason why it was so easy for me to choose  you.  Because they high ask you.  I shouldn't be afraid to speak up in this  yeah. Tommy is stroking my ego and like being really nice to me, but I know  he's feeling really confident today. Like I think these guys think they have  it in the bag and I think they've got another thing coming.  It all comes down to tonight. Everything I worked hard for comes down  pitching the jury. I'm ready for it. I'm like Dean and Noura. I have been  playing this game pretty Dang well from day one. So beat that.  I turn it on exactly when it meartle. I have a hell of a resume, an immunity  necklace, a idol nullifier, a secret advantage, a fire-making win. If that  doesn't deserve to be in the "Survivor" history books, then you're  not a true fan of this game.  No one has ever played a game like me. I did it my way. I did it the Noura  way. It's up, it's down, it's if your face. It's not replicatable. That's how  you win the million be. A disrupter. Say things that people don't see coming.  And when you paint a pretty picture and recapitulate your game, they say,  bravo.  Jeff: We now bring in the members of our jury. Okay. Day 39 of our 39th  season, your final tribal council. This is as far as you can go. Tonight the  game makes it last twist, and the jury, ten people you had hand in voting  out, now have all of the power. Tonight they will decide which of the three  of you they feel is most deserving of the title of sole Survivor and the $1  million prize that goes along with it. Make no mistake, it is your answers to  their questions tonight that will inform their final decision. I'm going to  give you a minute to prepare yourselves and we'll get started.  Jeff: All right. Let's get into the outwit portion. That would be alliance  and relationships outside of those alliance, emotional intelligence, the  social part of the game. Jury, who wants to get us started?  I would like to say something first.  Go, Jack.  First of all, I haven't spoken to you all in a while. Congratulations. Each  of you should be super proud. That being said, I want you all to know that  we're all tremendously undecided with who we're going to vote for tonight,  like we truly are, and that makes me nervous, and I know that makes you all  nervous some really try to be clear and honest about what you're saying,  because it really genuinely and truly matters.  With that being said, based on the outwit portion of the game, which I find  extremely important and for the the most important part of the game, I would  like the hear about each of your strategies. What you were thinking, how you  were playing the game, how that evolved over time and maybe we can address  more specific questions based on how you decided to play the game.  Can we start with Dean for this question?  Outwit, general philosophy, it was don't be the loudest guy, don't be the  most athletic guy, don't be the smartest guy in the room. Get to know people.  Figure out who you can work with and go from there. So basically just d.k.  Chilling strategy. And I think I did something right, because not only did I survive  to the merge, but I had people like Kellee and Jamal. Kellee gave me an idol.  I wouldn't be in this seat.  Socially are you saying that's a tribute to your game or Kellee's game.  I am saying, would someone as smart as Kellee come to a random person. Here  is an idol. Why did she trust me. We spent a lot of time talking strategy and  getting to know each other.  So your social game many  correct.  Exactly right.  Jeff: Noura, same question. Overall philosophy of the outwit?  So coming into this game, I’m not the typical "Survivor" fan. I  haven't watched 30 seasons. So for me, I created these mnemonic devices. The  first one is don't be bland, don't bees by, don't be lazy, don't be annoy,  don't be not trustworthy and don't be dead in the water at a challenge. As we  progressed, I told myself, don't be super strong and super strategic kelly or  Jamal, he's interesting to listen to and has a lot to say and socially Lauren  is friends with everyone and Elaine is funny and great, and I have literally  looked at each of you of as mirrors of the game to understand who you are,  what you are in your life, and a lot of times I’m trying to get a feel, who  are they trying to go for.  I don't think there's any strategy to how you play the game at all. I think  it's all emotional.  But this game is about reading people and understanding how they're feeling  right now. Feelings are changing all the time.  You're right with that, but the question was about strategy and so if you're  rolling off your emotions and living spontaneously in the moment, then those  two things don't coincide.  We're playing with a very heady group here. Everyone thinks if I do this and  I do that and I work with these people. Sometimes it's like going on a date,  I want to ask you a question.  Here we go.  I want to learn more about you.  Stop. Stop, stop.  We're helping you out here.  Wait, Noura.  Hold on, hold on. Got a question.  The impression of the jury is that these were emotionally based decisions,  right. I want to point out that we make emotionally based decisions in a  game.  Sure.  I think the question is, what was Noura's strategy?  Or was it not strategy, but that's an attribute to your social game. We made  us feel like we could work with you.  Like sue me. I actually want to know people and who they are and what they  are like and see how can we maybe meet in the middle where it's both.  Jeff: Tommy, overall philosophy to outwit?  So from the beginning of this game, it was about me making connections with  everybody. And those connections are real. It wasn't game play. I made sure  that people always fifth amendment comfortable to come to me, like as a  teacher, all 23 kids, I need them to feel like they can come to me for help.  They can tell me that they can work with me. And I also wanted to play in the  middle at all times. I didn't want to be Vokai strong. I didn't want to be Lairo  strong. I wanted to be getting information from everybody, kind of like ears  on both sides. Also, I made big moves. When it came down to eight people, Dean  tells me, hey, man, someone is writing your name down. Well, let's shake this  up. In that tribal I was able to get out something that wasn't my number and  also have someone play their idol. That was another move for me.  Tommy, can I ask you a question?  Of course.  In the game, who were you most loyal to?  You.  Okay.  Okay, you need to know, this Lauren, Tommy is not telling you the full truth,  and you will hear from me. I'm not your favorite person  i don't want you to say that. I'm so proud of all of you guys.  But you know, I’m always going to speak the unspoken, and when we were  working on the fire, the focus was on Dean. Tommy taught him methods that he  did not teach you. He was coming to you to fluster you so you would be more  emotional and not at your best for the challenge. For the fire-making  challenge. -- you need to know this, but he's not saying it.  You guys are being held accountable for what you've done to this point in  time. We're giving you an opportunity to just own your game. On your game and  be honest.  I am. I wanted to create relationships and have everyone like me. That means  promising people to the end as you do. There's a lot of people here I didn't  work with one time, Janet, Karishma, Noura, we didn't work ever together  because my philosophy was --  follow the numbers.  I'm going to work strategically, talk through things. I was not going to  promise you to the end and not talk to you. It's two different strategies. Is  it the honesty, I’m not working with you, I’m not talking with you, or I want  to like everyone and promise everyone to everything.  He said he's working with you or not. That's not a good social game, no  offense in my eyes. I want to connect to everyone because I had eyes and ears  everywhere. I played this game hard. I didn't c.s. Chill. I came in here, I love  you. It doesn't sound as good, but who was making the moves, who was making  the decisions. Who at eight was putting the numbers in what order and we had Dean  coming along. So in this game you can't ride coattails.  I have a quick clarification. Tommy, when was it that you decided to betray  me?  I am going to be honest with you, probably around eight I was saying, I can't  beat Janet, but I want to keep her as a social shield, same with Elaine,  because if you went nine, you went eight, well, Dang, I’m going seventh.  Would I love to have sat here with you, absolutely, I truly do love you and  you changed my life, you really have. It wasn't easy at all.  Jeff: Any other thoughts about the social part of the game? You are in the  meat of it?  Thank you, Jeff. You're all doing great. You really are. I'm learning a lot  and valuing it and appreciating it.  So there are some lines I wasn't willing to cross in this game. For me, and I  define them for myself and I don't think it's important to define them for  you all. What were some lines for you in this outwit portion and the social  game that you're playing that you were not willing to cross? Whatever that  means to you.  Okay. I love this question. For me, it was simple. I don't want to do something  that looking back I don't like that the person that is that stands behind  that move. I tried to be transparent. If I’m going to do it, I say it. So botTom  line is I don't want to make a move later and regret that.  Thank you. Tommy?  Coming out here when I talked to my students, I said, disclaimer, this is the  first time I’m going to something for myself. I spent my whole life serving  others. So I said, I will lie, I will cheat, I will steal, I will do what I need  to do to get to the end, however, I never wanted to cross that line of  bullying somebody or doing things like that, because that hurts. So I think  that's the line.  That's pretty awesome. All right. Dean. What was that for you?  Let me take a second to think.  Sure.  I mean, I never really thought about it like coming into the game definitive  lines they was not going to crossing. So I think for me, I was never going to  promise someone a final three if I didn't really mean it. And I don't think  that's something I ever did.  So what I’m hearing from your answer is that you hadn't really thought about  any ethical lines that you weren't willing to cross.  Correct.  I don't know if I really get who you are. Like your essence. Like I get Noura.  I get Tommy. I don't know if I really got Dean.  I'm just go with the flow, chill keen. I try not to get too high. I try the  stay optimistic. I try stay very positive, which I think a lot of people have  seen, even if I am on the botTom, there is hope that an idol could fall into  my hands, or, hey, if there's not hope, there's a cheeseburger waiting for me  at ponderosa and this has been an incredible experience. Never being negative  is my big thing. Being optimistic is my thing. That's where the vulnerability  did lie.  Jeff: Let's move into the outplay portion of the game. This is how you deal  with the conditions that are put on you. You have to live outside. You have  to compete in challenges. You have to try to find idols or deal with switches  or different twists to the game. Who wants to get us going?  So I imagine I can actually speak for all "Survivor" fans across  the world that one of the most thought-about moments is when we win final  immunity, what would we do. Noura, you have the honor of that position for  season 39. Awe soj.  Thank you. Thank you.  What you explained about Lauren, perfectly sound. I have interpreted Lauren  as a threat. I don't think I can win sitting next to her, I’m going to send  her to make fire. Great. But the opposite of that logic should be the person  I do bring with me is someone that I think I can beat. So please, help me  understand a little bit more about your thought process about who to send to  fire and who to bring with you.  Sure thing. Okay. BotTom line, I brought Dean because his game is just  following the numbers. He has never made any big moves, and it was an easier  person to bring to the end that had a weaker game.  But you did not bring Dean, you brought Tommy. Tommy didn't have to do a  thing.  It's simple. I fell I could beat Tommy over Lauren, and he made me feel that  he is so sucky at fire he will not be able to beat Lauren. I asked him many  times.  Thank you. I can follow-up. Tommy, you're trying to do something that has  never been done in "Survivor" history.  Yes.  To win from the goat role.  Yes. You got brought to the end. This has never happened.  I think it shows how good --  doesn't Dean have a better story in here? He won his way in.  He won fire against Lauren, but I was able to spin it where she was so  focused on Lauren that I was able to say, I literally never made fire, nobody  has ever seen me make fire. That was a social play from day one. So that  saved me to get to this seat.  I got a question. Give me a summary of your strategic approach to individual  immunity challenges. Start with Noura.  BotTom line is in the beginning of the game, my assets were not utilized by  my tribe. Later in the game when we got to individual, I loved that stage,  because it's nike now I’m in charge of myself, and that is where I started to  thriving. So literally every time I tried my best and actually it warmed me  up to get the one that really mattered at the end of the game.  Dean?  Group challenges I gave my absolute all, but this game is like a horse race,  and if you turn it on too early, people will recognize you as a threat and want  you out. Did I win two out of the last three individual immunity challenges,  absolutely. Did he win any individual immunity challenges?  Yes, so I lost challenge, but coming in, I thought immunity necklaces and  idols are curses, because if you have an idol, people will attack you. But  rewards, I brought with Janet, Lauren, and Dan to a family visit. You know  how much that solidifies a bond? Immunity necklace saves you for one night  and then puts a target on you the next, so I didn't want that necklace. I was  all about social.  Are you saying in a three cat imoirs where we have to choose, you did rally  well in one, and you came up with banks in others.  No, because my strategy with this outplay is I knew where everyone's  advantages were. I knew Janet had an idol and also her advantage. I knew that  he had an idol nullifyer from the flip of a coin. He told me that. She told  me that. That's the link some these are advantages that I used to control the  game.  My man played a hell of a social game, but I agree, he had zero when it comes  to advantages and immunity. So let me take the floor. First, Jamal gave me a  legacy advantage. The one I gave to Jeff was a fake. I went and ripped up a  tree mail and painted a fake one that I gave to Jeff. So nine and six I was safe  right here. This is real. Jamal, is it?  That is not real, Dean.  So I went to Island of the Idols and given to me was a bank piece of  parchment with a pencil, and it was up to me to decide how I wanted to use  that in any way I wanted to unites it. So it has no power in the game, but  this is actually pretty awesome what Dean is doing, if he's saying he didn't  even need to use it. And he's showing it to us as though it could be real.  Because he thought it was.  And I got one more for you. When we were at five at island of the idol, my  man was hot on the hunt for an idol. So who found it? Actually, let me just  show you.  Wow. I got a note. Let me read it.  Wow.  You didn't think we'd leave without one last test, did you? You passed. Good  luck. Sandra and Rob.  Whoa.  Come here, boy. Come on.  I was sitting at five blinged out, necklace on, idol nullifier, legacy  advantage, hidden immunity idol. Did I have to play any of them?  No.  No.  Wow.  He can take the social game, but does he have anything on the outplay? No.  Anything you can co, I can do better, all of this.  But here's my thing, with the necklace, with the necklace or without a  necklace, was anybody going to vote him out? No. You just have a gift from  this island, so you can put that in your room as a souvenir, tell me those  are our moves.  They're in the moves. You found advantages. Did you use the advantages?  I didn't need to  because we took you here. Bright you here. Karishma played and idol that. Was  a move, and --  Tommy, you're trying to downplay what he did. If I were you, I wouldn't do  that. I'm trying to help you out.  I disagree.  I agree.  I want the hear it.  Part of the ron why he's sitting here is because I had two of those three  necklaces. The. Dean did save you, Tommy.  That's my social game. Is that not partly my socialgame?  Tommy, all the information that you had, did you share that information with Dean?   Yes, I told Dean.  You told him all the advantages. On top of that, he got the necklace. And  even though the legacy advantage is not real, he put in the work to finish it   however, Tommy gave Dean this information based off of his social game but  also because he assumed that Dean was a joke, so had Dean come into this  tribal and said, I have been playing the goat this entire time, then I would  be like, yeah, whereas Dean's strategy when we talk about strategy was, I tried  to play this middling role. Those are two really different things.  That's true.  I just want to say, the game plan of being in the middle, I feel like I did  execute. I had my two closest allies, Elizabeth and Elaine. Elizabeth and I were  close from day one, day two. We had like a secret pact to make it to the  final two together.  Wait, when Jamal asked, where is your ethical line, Dean said, I will not  make final two and final three deals  agreed.  Now you're telling me you had one with Elizabeth.  And you had one with me, too.  Oh, my God.  When it rains, it pours.  This is insane.  Dean, we're just calling you out because you contradicted yourself.  You're seeing him for what he is, looking for opportunities, following the  numbers in case --  where is this coming from?  Why didn't you tell us earlier. Why is this only coming up now.  Because you're on the hot seat and I’m not.  Jeff: Wow. Is there anything else now that the rain has come and gone  i feel like we have a clean slate and all the negative energy has within  wiped off of us.  Jeff: Let's get to the last phase of the final tribal council, the outlast.  This is really back to you guys. Have you done the job you needed to do? Did  you put the people on the jury that are going to vote for you. If there is  somebody you're uncertain about, now is the time. Tommy, go for it.  Season 39 is 39 days. You have to play from day one. I built relationships  with all of you, and, yes, thank you for the great memories, but who do you  want to represent the winner of season 39? I played hard and I made a ton of  risky big moves in this game. My name constantly came up and what I had v to  do is put people there unfortunately before they put me there. I made  alliances. I crossed lines. I didn't need an immunity necklace and I still  made big moves and I got here. I think that's what "Survivor" is  all about.  Noura?  Thank you for your time. Thank you for your questions. Thank you for your  insight. We have learned a lot about ourselves. I know I definitely have. For  me this is Noura. I wanted to come in this game and be so transparent and to  be so open and authentic, and you love me and maybe hated me at times for who  I am, but you accepted me for me and allowed me to be me, and I’m in the a  player that you've ever seen before. I am a wild card. I am a person of love,  but I can be weird and crazy and i've done everything I can in the game the  use tools to win challenges and I’m proud to be here no matter what happens  tonight, when I was me to the full et cetera, efelt like I thrived and I connected  socially and it helped my strategic game, and it helped me get to where I am  right now. So thank you.  Well done. Dean, close it out.  So we think about Survivor, right? We're all life long fans. I want you all  to think about like those jaw-dropping moments you see, the suck idol  nullifier ever played in the game successfully, finding a hidden immunity  idol. Then I want you to couple that with the moments in the game that you  wanted to rip your heart out, your back was against the wall. That's where I was  this whole game. On Lairo beach, five-three swat, botTom, botTom, botTom, bag  against the wall. I come into the merge. I find my own way, find my own  little pack, and then the fourth quarter hits, and you saw my accolades,  boom, boom, boom. I was sitting at the final five with all that jewelry, and  if you guys can't help etch that into the "Survivor" history books  tonight, something has to be said about, I didn't need to play it. I was  sitting there smiling because I knew I was going because I had him so lined  up with me to bring me there. So I’m asking you guys to help write history.  With me.  Jeff: It has been a very full tribal council. Great job by the jury. Thorough  investigation of the final three. The only thing now left to do is vote. I'm  going to give the jury a moment to take all of this in, and then we will vote  for a $1 million winner.  Jeff: All right. Tommy, Noura, Dean, there is nothing left to be said. The  only thing left to do is vote. Jury, tonight you're voting for a winner. The  person you think most deserving of the title of sole Survivor and the $1  million prize that goes along with it. It is time to vote. Jack, you're up.  This is what loyalty looks like. I knew you could do it.  My man, you played the game that I wanted to play. Hats off to you.  Wow, voting for a winner of "Survivor." that's crazy, man.  Jeff: I'll go get the votes. Tommy, Noura, Dean, jury, thanks for playing  "Survivor." thanks for sharing your stories with us. I will see you  back in los angeles for the reading of the votes. [cheering and applause] all  right. Thank you have. A seat. Let's do this. First of all, to all of you  guys, thank you for another great season of "Survivor." [cheering  and applause] to Tommy, Noura, and Dean, no matter how big a fan you are, how  often you watch, how much you have dreamed about playing, you can't  anticipate what 39 days in the jungle is going to be like, but you three did  that, you accomplished that, and regardless of the result, no one can ever  take that away from you. So congratulations. But it is a competition, and  there can only be one winner. I will read the votes. First vote Tommy.  [cheering and applause] Dean. One vote Tommy, one vote Dean. Two votes Tommy,  one vote Dean. Dean. We're tied again. Two votes Tommy, two votes Dean.  Tommy. Three votes Tommy, two votes Dean. Tommy. Four votes Tommy, two votes Dean.  Tommy. Five votes Tommy, two votes Dean. The winner of "Survivor," Tommy.  The winner of "Survivor," Tommy. All right. Though those votes up  there, joe, let's take a look at who voted for who. There it is. Two votes  for Dean, all the rest for Tommy. The reunion show is next. We're going to  talk to a very excited Tommy about loyalty. An we're going to tell you what  we're doing for our 40th season. An we will sit down with Kellee and talk  about everything that happened with her and Dan and what we have learned from  it. The reunion show is next.