<br/>no one can know.  I literally scoop up her bag. This is going to change pie game.  That was be tense.  Tonight's double tribal shows you cannot be too comfortable in this game.  Aaron has proven to be one of the biggest threat so it was important to  eliminate the threat.  But mi supernervous because I don't know what is going on at the other tribal  and Missy is playing so hard. And my biggest fear is that the girls are going  to align against Tommy because Tommy is my number one in the game.  Oh my gosh.  Tommy.  And then I see Tommy,'s big lanky body climbing upstairs and a rush of calm  just came over me. I'm like okay. And now it's more of a question where we go  from here.  Missy?  Shut up.  Missy was so good that when she had her conversation with Karishma, she sets  her down on the beach. The first shing she done was start telling Karishma to  tell me what to do to vote Tommy out.  Tonight was incredible. I just want to do a happy Dance waws my top two  targets went only, Aaron and Missy. Both of them were gunning for me. Both  gone in one swoop. I didn't have to use my idol. I still have it here in my  tusy little arm pilt. So I could not be happier. The game has just opened  completely wide for me. And now I finally have some options.  Today sucked for me, you know. It sucked hard. At the end of the day, it  needed that. So it happened.  I feel a little stranded right now because my closest allies are gone. They  offered me a lot of protection. And now I don't have that from either of them  any more.  You can build relationships that you couldn't build.  Right.  But now with them being gone, I am on my own. And I am going to do what I have  to do to stay here.  Last night I went from the most nervous i've been in my life to probably the  happiest, not only was a safe but blind siding Missy with a huge move on my  resume.  You really shook me last night, I guess.  Yeah, it was frigging.  Last night was huge, sick.  Crazy.  What do you want, you still warrant.  I agree I just think in terms of me, I know who I can't beat.  Who. &gt;&gt;.  Car shall ma is an easy vote, then sitting there in final three and we are  all looking at each other.  Karishma is the ultimate goat, have I been wanting her out for a long long  time. And without Missy and Aaron as the two biggest threats in front of me,  it is only a matter of time before myself, Tommy and Elizabeth are targeted.  The army has assembled. It is me, you and her going next.  We're not letting you go.  It sin credible.  Right now it is like attention, goat number one, Karishma reporting for duty,  attention, goat number two, Noura reporting for duty. And then they all line  up, a essentialing the go armey to knock out one of these big threats, Elizabeth,  Tommy. It is not happened.  It is something I definitely subscribe to but Elizabeth is an olympic  athlete, also Elizabeth wrote my name down so Elizabeth is going to be on my  radar and she might have to go next.  Let's go.  Coming. Read the note, Tommy.  Here we go.  Whoa.  Choose one person to come to the Island of the Idols trk must be unanimous.  If you cannot agree, draw one name from the bag. That person must get on the  boat immediately.  I want to go.  I vote Lauren.  My initial thought is I am hoping it is me. I haven't been there yet. I could  certainly use an advantage. But before I can even take a breathe to say a  word Lauren chimes in and is like I want to go. Can I go?  The people who think they run this tried have spoken up and have decided who  is going.  Whooo.  But if I were to say I don't agree, that would just put a bigger target on my  back so I have to take a step back and keep my mouth closed.  No, go.  This is your friend, the chicken.  No, chicken.  This is for me. Go, go chicken.  She is stubborn, she reminds me of Boston Rob.  Right?  Oh my gosh, she's so close to me I can feel her feathers.  What happened?  She bit my finger. This bitch bit my finger.  Now she is eating that papaya.  All that loyalty all these days.  It ain't funny.  Yeah, it is.  She bit my finger.  Island of the Idols is definitely a part of the game that I am missing. And I’m  so excited that I am about to experience it. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God.  This is crazy.  Oh my God! Oh my God, oh my God. What are you doing, girl?  Are you way too excite.  Grab your bag and then we're going to go into and explain everything.  OhmiGod.  Come on, come on.  Come on in.  You guys are the reason people play this game. We want to know what is going  on with you back at camp and how are you doing so far in the game?  I'm doing okay in the game. I definitely am the lead in athletics but I’m a  very strong social player. I didn't realize I was going to have as much  strategy as I did.  Let me explain how it works when people come to the Island of the Idols.  Everyone that comes here gets a lesson. Today your lesson is about  situational awareness. We'll give you a chance to predict who wins the next  immunity challenge. If you are right, you earn an immunity idol good for the  next two tribal councils. If you are wrong, you lose your vote. How well do  you know your tribe mates. After playing this game with them, do you think  you can accurately predict who's going to win immunity?  If anyone knows the tribe it's me. I am such a people person. And that's how  I figured out who to align myself with. But also the odds aren't that great  to choose one out of nine. If I don't pull it off, then I lose my vote at the  next tribal. In worst-case scenario, I could get voted out.  For your next immunity challenge you will all be on separate stations.  It was on both sides.  This is all about your arms.  There will be a bar and will you have to apply upward pressure to keep a ball  from rolling.  It's not so much strength and endurance as it is concentration.  Okay.  You have to be focused. This challenge is also going to have an eat or play  component. If you sit out there will be food within pancakes, bacon, hash  browns and orange juice.  Breakfast?  Breakfast.  So there are certainly going to be some people that no matter what, if their  backs are against the wall they might say I’m going to compete. But let's  talk about which one you you think might not be in it to win it.  Den has no endurance so-- and he's told me that.  Dean dropped his third ball, he's out of the challenge. This is  uncomfortable.  Dean dropped.  So I don't think that he could challenge. And Dan, I think Dan's hungry. And  I also think he feels really safe and comfortable, and Janet as much as I would  love for her to fight for this.  Janet dropped.  I done think this is her challenge. Karishma, her ability to focus, I don't  see it.  Karishma, the first to drop.  So which ones do you think might win?  So I definitely think Noura could win this challenge. Because she is like a  yogi through and through. And her ability to focus sowt of this world.  Noura wins immunity for purple.  Woo.  And if that is what this challenge is about, then she has a really good shot.  And she's vegan, so she is not into that. And I also think Elizabeth will  win. She's an a limb mean, she's an amazing performer at everything  challenge.  That's the way to work, Elizabeth.  Elizabeth is first for voka.  And her allies were voted out at the last two triebl.  Her neck is on the line.  Her neck is on the line.  Who do you think you would risk your vote on?  Oh my God.  I will tell you what, what if I let you choose two people. So now you got two  horses in the race, but if one of your two doesn't come in, you lose your  vote.  One of the two, it is an immunity for up to two tribal councils. Now you have  got-- he just gave you better odds.  I doubled your odds.  If you pick two, do you think you could figure it out.  I do.  And tempt the other ones to sit out.  Yes.  So you have to tell us what your decision is.  I am going to go with my gutted and say-- my gut and say Noura and Elizabeth.   That is what you said the whole time, if you gave me another name, I would be  concerned. So let's go Noura. Let's go Elizabeth.  Lauren seems to have a good grass paragraph on all of her tribe mates, that  is the most important thing, get a horse and go with it. And the fact that  there is an eat or play in this challenge only helps Lauren.  If you get it right the idol is going to be under the big rock at tree.  You guys are the best.  Good luck.  Bye.  The more people she can get to sit out, the better herods get, as long as her  horses aren't the ones graizing.  As far as you know the-- is real or fake.  It's real.  I'm just going to play.  Jamal gave me this thing, when he returned from island of idols he presented  a legacy advantage to myself.  This advantage is going to go to the-- i-- this fake legacy advantage, but  this note has no power.  Get it out of the which.  That is what I want to do, I’m tired of it.  Is it fake, is it real, I don't know. The tribe doesn't know but I think it's  real.  It says this serves as an immunity idol. It can only be played with nine  people left or six people left. We're at nine right now. So while everyone  was snoozing, I went ahead and got my little picasso on and made myself a  little fake legacy. The idea here is this, keep this potentially real one  with me, use my fake one in the next tribal council. Does it look exactly,  exactly alike? Absolutely not. So it is a bit risky. But if I can get by with  that, this one will still be left in my pocket and I will be potentially safe  at six if it is real. I'm excited to play a little bit and be a little  schemey. I feel like i've been under the radar. But this is my chance to kind  of, you know, shake things up a bit and get a little-- get a little shifty  with it.  Hello! Welcome, madame.  Have I never seen a smile so big.  When I come back from Island of the Idols I do believe that there is work to  be done.  I need to conVince may tribe to basically eat at the next challenge.  And I need to conVince the two people that I bet on, Elizabeth and Noura that  they need to compete, which are two of my horses in the race. So basically I know  that Tomorrow is an immunity challenge. I know what the challenge is. It's  the one where you have to hold the bar up and there is a ball above you. And  if you release pressure, the ball falls. And the twist, I got to decide if we  made it an eat or play game because I know a lot of you are hungry. So guess  what it is.  Pancakes, orange juice, bacon and hash browns. The lesson that I learned from  Rob and santa is situational awareness. It is just perfect for me. I study  people, I observe people. And I feel confident in who is going to sit out and  eat breakfast and who is going to compete.  If you drop you are out, you don't get to eat. The only person I plan on  being exactly honest with is Tommy, Tommy is my wingman in this game.  Basically, the-- they have to win, if they win I get immune.  Why do you have to bet.  Because they bet on us, we need to decide what to do.  I say we de tell nobody.  In this game you want the idol. Right now I’m Lauren's wingman, I will do  whatever I can to make sure Lauren gets that idol.  Okay.  No one can know about that idol. So I want to get as many people I can to not  play, so what are we going to talk about all day long right now, pancakes,  syrup, bacon, coffee. The more I talk about t the more Lauren talks about it,  the less people compete against or Elizabeth.  What do you think?  What are you talking about.  If you could pick, without feeling the pressure.  Oh, I would eat.  You should eat.  I always feel like I have to play. But it is going to be hard to smell those  pancakes and bacon.  I'm thinking bacon, pan kicks and syrup. I'm excited.  Are you going to play?  Mimosa is my favorite drink in the whole world. If I could go to a bar and  order a drink I would order an mimosa, that is how I love it. The key is not  to fill up on pancakes.  I don't want to take the chance to get voted out for fricking bacon.  St all carbs, it doesn't matter what you eat I will keep going.  Bacon is not a carb.  It is as important that as many people sit out and eat but I need to be sure Elizabeth  and Noura compete. But knowing Noura as a vegan, she is not going to want to  sit down and eat breakfast.  I think I’m going to eat.  How about you.  I am willing to take one for the team and play.  You will last a long time.  And of course Elizabeth her two greatest allies were voted out and I know she  will fight two and fail to win.  Noura is going to be in the zone.  People do seem to be buying it. But just got to see.  In is a huge deal. This is going to change my game one way or another. And I am  a ready. I'm ready for my game to be accelerated.  Bring on the bacon and bring on the immunity challenge. Let's do this.  Come on, guys. All right, first things first, take back the immunity  necklaces.  Come on, Elaine.  Really? You're going to have to take it, Jeff.  It won't be the first time.  Thank you.  This makes me sad.  Win it again.  True story.  Sorry. Knock me out, I can't win nothing. [laughter] once again, individual  immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge you are going to pull up  on a handle, planting a ball between a set of jaws. If at any point you lower  the handle, that ball will drop, you're out of the challenge. Last person  left standing wins immunity, guaranteed a one in eight shot of getting to the  end. Losers, tribal council, somebody will be voted out. And if on day 30 here  in Fiji in our 39th season you feel comfortable enough, you can choose to sit  out, give up your shot at immunity and instead feast. Wait a minute, I didn't  hear a single reaction to pancakes, hash browns, bacon, I got to check in,  wait a minute, did we guess wrong s this not appealing.  They may have had a little tip as to what we were going to be eating today.  Oh really.  Yeah.  Tell me.  I got some information and at island of the eye dlols and let them know that  we're going to have breakfast.  You stole my thunder. Okay.  Just a little bit, just a little bit.  Now it makes sense.  Yeah.  This is worth playing for, right?  Yes, yeah.  So big decision, you either compete or you eat. Let's make it. Are you going  to take a red rock and a yellow rock. One of each.  If Noura or Elizabeth win the immunity challenge, I win an immunity idol that  is valid through the next two tribal councils. So as long as the two were to  stay in the race, I’m golden.  Okay, red means you want to compete, yellow means you want to eat. Everybody  reveal. Tommy going to eat, Dan's going to eat, Dean's going to eat, Lauren's  going to eat, Janet's going to eat, Elaine is going to eat, wow, six people  are going to eat, only three people, Karishma, Noura and Elizabeth will  compete.  Oh my God, did we actually just pull this off?  All right, take your spots, we'll get started. Everybody's made their  decision, choosing to compete. Karishma, Noura an Elizabeth, only three of  nine are fighting for immunity. Here's how it works. When the challenge  starts you can eat. When the challenge is over, you have to stop eating which  means shove am those last few bites.  Enjoy it guys.  Good luck girls.  Do it.  Got it.  We owe you.  All right, put your hands underneath that handle, and when I tell you too you  will lift up and release your ball and this challenge is on. Three, two, one,  lift up. Everybody's good, start eating. This challenge is on. Immunity on  the line 30 days into our 39th season. You are pulling up on that handle,  trying to keep pressure on that jaw. Make sure that ball doesn't start  heading out. We did this challenge on ghost island with nearly 45 minutes. It  is a deceiving challenge. This is all about your arms. As long as you keep  that pressure. Quickly Karishma drops. She is out. We're down to two. You can  join them, you just can't eat.  Okay. I can handle it.  You can handle what.  Smelling the food and not having any food and feeling like -- failure. I can  handle it.  I'm stronger than this.  Why are you feeling-- are you one of the three people to stand up for the  test.  I promised myself I would always try no matter what, because my mind is  stronger than anything am but why is my body not cooperating?  Could be 30 days playing Survivor. It will do it to the strongest. Everybody  is out here for their own journey, Karishma going through hers right now. Six  other people, not a care in the world.  Hang in there, girl.  You guys got it.  Another hour.  We're down to two now, Noura and Elizabeth, side-by-side. One will win  immunity, be glad they gave up the food. The other may question it. Either  way, somebody going home tonight. Two very different stories. Two people  competing, six people eating, and they have put their game on the line for a  breakfast both women battling for immunity. You can feel the tension on that  band. Don't lose your focus. And just like that, Elizabeth drops.  Oh my God.  Noura wins individual immunity again. And Noura, the challenge is over.  Noura, you won. You won, Noura.  I'm playing for all y'all.  Yes, Noura, good job.  I know, unfortunately it doesn't work that way. The challenge is over. Shove  your last bites in. Noura, you can drop, it's over, you've won.  All right, ladies.  Noura, once again, safe tonight at tribal council. Cannot be voted out of  this game. Feels so good and should, after 30 days, somebody going home  tonight, grab your stuff, head back to camp, see you tonight at tribal.  Thai so much.  I decided to eat and that was probably one of the scariest things I decided  to do. I have to trust my alliance that they are not going to throw me to the  wolves. But Elizabeth dropping really surprised me. So now I think the smart  decision would be to get rid of Elizabeth because she's a physical threat.  I  that's crazy. Holy-- this immunity idol is only good for the next two.  So here is the thing.  Right now it is either Karishma, the easy vote, or Elizabeth, the olympic  athlete that can win everything.  I think it should be Elizabeth.  Okay.  We can split votes so we don't have to worry about any advantage on Karishma  and Elizabeth.  Okay.  At the challenge Karishma lasted 45 seconds, you can get her out whenever you  want. But Elizabeth can go on an immunity run at any time.  I think we have to do Elizabeth.  Why would I vote out someone that I can easily beat at the end, where you can  take a shot at Elizabeth while you can.  You know what you are doing, right? Right?  Are you okay with it?  Yeah, I’m good.  If I had my way I want Karishma to go home. She is he's the Karishma with  nine lives, she's almost been voted out about five or six times. But if my  alliance decides Elizabeth is next, I can't shoot myself in the foot just to  save her because it is too late for that I don't want to damage my own game  to keep her in.  I feel like I’m in, mike like, a weird spot where.  Sort of floating right now.  Hoping that I just don't go home tonight.  I was just upset at the challenge. We should have showed down for like 30  minutes.  I know, I know.  So at today's challenge, I blew it, my name has been on the chopping block  the last three days an st a very easy opportunity for all of these people to  take a big threat like myself out of this game.  I just hope I wake up here Tomorrow morning.  You are, I’m telling you.  I know, but-- Karishma played-- and she was told to vote for me and I’m the  one vote that goes home.  I don't have an idol. I don't have an immunity necklace. I'm just praying to  the Survivor Gods that Karishma does not have an idol tonight.  You okay, Karishma?  It's not necessarily physical. It's emotional that is making me dizzy.  Just down it because you will feel better.  We get back to the camp and Karishma is just like-- on the hammock and I’m telling  her to drink her water because I know she is not in great shape. Literally I scoop  up her bag to take it to the beach and say Elizabeth, come with me.  We go through it to see if will is anything there there. A crumpled upnote,  two things that have shells on them.  We don't need to worry about them.  Elizabeth is like those are both nothing. I have seen for my own eyes she  doesn't have anything. For me the reaction of Elizabeth and Karishma is  enough for me to know with my own gut feeling that they don't have anything.  I think it's possible that Elizabeth has an idol. Let me tell you why.  We're splitting it.  Between two.  You should throw your vote and take out Janet.  Okay. &gt;&gt;.  Elizabeth son the outs but if something crazy happens tonight then we're  splitting the vote. It is really Elizabeth but with Karishma, but Karishma is  supposed to think it is a split between january elevator and Elizabeth.  She's like oh, okay. And she gets up, immediately walks over to Elizabeth,  but then Lauren comes to sit with me and she watches Karishma talk to Elizabeth.   He's calling the shots. Uh-huh. He wants you out so bad.  Karishma does not have allies in this game. So she is a free agent and those  people always are Dangerous because they can go either way. I'm very  observant. I am reading lips. I'm picking up vibes.  I'm looking at eye contact.  She's-- she is going home.  Yeah.  Go over there.  No.  It is me, you, Janet and Elaine, if we come together and all vote Dan.  &gt;&gt;-- I go over there and say I heard my name.  Do it, do it, do it please.  Lauren sees her lips say Dan is after you. So it is just, it is maddening.  You said Dan.  Jan.  I did here Dan, I thought I heard Dan.  No, I am talking to Elizabeth about it.  I thought we already talked about that.  I know, I was talking to her about it.  That's cool, absolutely.  100 percent. I didn't mean to-- I thought I heard Dan.  No, you can stay. I just wanted to just talk to her about her thoughts about Janet,  that is all.  Yeah.  Karishma is doing everything wrong you are supposed to do. That was it for  me. I feel like we can't allow Karishma to go any further. But it might be  too late to worry about switching up and complicating a vote, especially at  this point.  Could you please get rid of her.  Yeah.  Can we come back.  I agree with Dan about Karishma, so in my mind it makes complete sense. I was  under a little stress seeing they go to army assemble but if there are people  on board to disassemble it before it gets rolling, it is music to my ears and  I’m hoping Karishma is the vote that is going home tonight.  Now he's going to freak out.  Oh yeah.  I was absolutely talking about Dan. But Dan has no right to tell me I am not  allowed to talk to Elizabeth or I need babysitting. That piss me off.  However, even though I would hade to leave Elizabeth because he could have  been a number to make a big move for me, at this point in time, I feel like  me voting differently is not going to make a difference. I have the immunity  idol sitting in my pocket and nobody knows about it. Now here is the issue  that I have. Playing it correctly, and making it count. I have to weigh that  against possibly being voted out with an idol in my pocket.  Noura, Noura got immunity.  Now bringing the members of our jury.  Now bringing the members of our jury.  All right, so with today's challenge, the twist was if you felt comfortable  you could opt to sit out, not compete and instead eat. Six people chotion to  eat, leaving us with Noura, Elizabeth and Karishma as the only three people  competing. Elizabeth, what was the central reason that you competed.  Well, just the fact that I lost my main alliance, they're sitting over there.  And you know, I was hoping to have a good showdown today and everybody could  eat while we were playing but my main reason was to win immunity.  How about you, Karishma.  Mine was a secretary et, I knew I was at the botTom, twieb tribal counsellity  after tribal I’m always at risk of going home, but also for me I wanted to  challenge myself. I wanted to see what I was made of and try my hardest and I  felt this was as good a time as any.  Noura, are you the seven that opted to help the six eat or are you with Elizabeth  and Karishma the three on the out?  I believe-- I feel strongly, actually, so I’m not going to say it lightly. I  feel that I have a very good footing in the game. And because of that, I was  willing to step up to make sure that my tribe could eat. So I chose to play.  Dan, so with six people sitting out does that imply what it would appear to  which is six people are not worried tonight.  And I think the core alliance as it gets stronger that line in the sand gets  deeper and it becomes like a trench. And if someone is on the other side of  that line strks way too much energy to drag someone through the sand over to  your side.  But also I just want to point out that this is an individual game. And so  yeah, there might be six people or seven people or whatever on the right side  of a trench but you know what, it may just be swb on your side of that trench  who slit your throat before you woke up and thought to split theirs.  Tommy s this sort of like if you are in an indie race and you have to decide  at what point do I just put my foot all the way on the petal and I’m just  going for broke now.  Yeah, exactly. This is the time. Some people needed that pit stop at 30 to  fuel up. Where some others were saying I don't need that fuel. I can eat in  ten days and hopefully my tires don't burn out on the way.  Dean, the pit stop, did that factor in for you.  I was in a peculiar situation, as you will see later tonight. I have a little  legacy advantage that everyone knows about, that was gifted to me from  someone over there. I so I felt in a pretty comfortable situation.  So your choice was in some sense a freeby.  Yes.  Lauren, how important is it to navigate and manage relationships that may or  may not be on the side of the trench at any given moment like maybe Elizabeth,  she doesn't seem certain where she fits.  St superimportant to navigate. Like you said or Tommy said, someone said, it  is day 30, what was I saying?  Yeah, it is superimportant to try to navigate through these relationships.  The problem is, everybody has their own plan, a, b, c, d, e, f, g, h, i, j,  lmt they think this will be a very easy triebl, and I that I is very naive,  tribal is never easy.  Karishma, what does an easy tribal mean.  An easy tribal means everyone has nodded their head. But we look at all the  blind sides that have happened already. It's never as simple as easy tribal,  everybody in?  Tommy, why are easy tribals so hard to pull off?  When I asked my girlfriend where does she want to eat, that is one person and  we can't figure it out. So now try to get eight people to agree on their  favorite restaurant or their favorite person. So nothing is i, even out of  this game to choose one person or one thing.  Elaine, you had a pretty big reaction.  My personal opinion is you have to pick a core and row with those people,  period. If you swap back and forth between all those people, ain't nobody  going to truths you, so who the hell is going to take you to the next step, I’m  banking on the relationship with these individuals I call my core, and mi  going to row with them or I’m going to row home, story. -- sorry.  So Elizabeth may not be the first choice for to you go if show say show rows  with her core, but if you find the right person who might think differently,  who knows.  Oh, absolutely. And you have to play as who you are. And for me I’m a loyal  player. If I pledge you my a a legance, I will be with you for as long as you  want me, but to the other side of the coin it is fluid and people are always  changing their minds and their agendas and you don't know where you fall in  their game. They could be telling you one thing but it is completely opposite  for another person.  All right, it is time to voavment Elaine, you are up.  All right, it is time to voavment Elaine, you are up.  I will go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity  i will go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want  to play it, now would be the time to do so. So this is a legacy advantage. I  am playing it for myself.  Thank you.  Okay.  This is not an advantage and has absolutely no power. Any votes cast for Dean  will still count. Okay. I will read the votes.  Jeff.  There is some insurance because I am certainly on the wrong side of the  trench. And I hope that we can start filling that trench in.  This is a hidden immunity idol. Any vote its cast for Karishma will not  count.  Jeff there is one more.  I'm not going home either.  This is also a hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast for Lauren will not  count. I will read the votes. First vote, Karishma, does not count. Karishma,  does not count. Karishma, does not count. Karishma, does not count. Karishma,  does not count. Karishma, does not count. Karishma, does not count. Janet,  one vote Janet. One vote left. Elizabeth. We have a tie. So here's what is  going to happen. We are going to revote, Janet and Elizabeth, will you not  vote, everybody else, you can only vote for Janet or Elizabeth. Elaine, are  you up, will you come grab the un.  This is so tough.  Oh, this sucks so bad.  I will go tally the votes. I will read the votes. First votes, Elizabeth.  Elizabeth, two votes Elizabeth. Elizabeth. Three votes Elizabeth. 129 person  voted out and the 6th member of our jury, Elizabeth, that's four. That's  enough. You need to binge me your torch.  All well and good until someone plays an idol. Elizabeth, the tribe has  spoken.  I am time for you to go.  Bye.  Good luck.  Love you.  Love you.  And then there were eight.  Well, one thing's for sure, it wasn't an easy vote. Grab your torch, head back  to camp. Good night. Captioning funded by cbs captioned by media access group  at wgbh access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Next time on Survivor. In an unpredictable game.  This is a break i've been waiting for.  There is no one to trust.  I am honest and loyal to a fault. Noura is such a fruit loop.  Excepted family.  Time for some love.  I made a million dollar mistake at the challenge. But as an olympian I gave  it my all. Any time you get to play Survivor and make it 30 days, that in  itself is an incredible feet. So I think in my own way have I gotten a little  bit of gold inside of me just for doing this entire experience. So  bittersweet right now.