<br/>you looking at something?  Who thinks of that?  You're like a jealous girlfriend right now.  Tribal council was crazy, because no one told me until tribal my name was  getting written down, but then Dean goes, oh, no, Tommy, you're getting  votes. That moment saved my name because Karishma was going to put my name  down, Noura, and Elaine. If Dean didn't say, hey, where are your votes going,  we would have voted the same way, I would have went home because the person  that we're supposed to trust lied to us all day long. I'm so mad at Noura for  not telling me until tribal council, because as an alliance member, it's not  that you just vote with the person, but you protect that person.  I want to say one thing, first of all, thank you all for keeping me here.  Yeah.  Secondly, Tommy, I’m telling you, I was never going to put you down tonight,  an I’m sorry I let this all get the best of me. I shouldn't have, but I was  going the tell you in trial. Dean is thick in the head because he proposed  this. There's no way I was going with it. As soon as that happened, he's in  your ear, whatever.  Now I have Noura pleading for my forgiveness, but I was so agitated, at that  point I didn't want anything to do with her.  Noura...  Dan, Dean pissed me off so much. Dean messed up the whole plan. And so everyone  thinks it's my fault. I can't believe I considered working with this I go  that I have said from day one cannot be trusted. So Dean has this prize pair  of shoes. It's like the cleanest, nicest-looking article of clothing on  anyone in the game or in life. You know what, I’m going to give him something  annoying to end his day on a high note for myself. So I literally put them at  the top of the flag in a place where he can't reach, because I’m taller than  him. So I put them there, because there's a bunch of articles of clothing of  all the lost souls from the game. Pun indidded. And his soles are sitting  right up top, next to go. You're on the way out, whether you know it or not.  Captioning funded by cbs and ford. We go further, so you can. When I should  have kept it in my pocket, but, hell, I know I’m in trouble. I was making  sure I was going to be hire the fight another day, that's the whole thing.  You got to be here to fight another day. That means the immunity idol is back  out here. Now I got to do is find a need until a haystack within 24 hours or  I go home.  An idol can shake everything up. So right away in the morning, my girl Janet  and i, Tommy and his mommy went on an idol hunt.  It's got to be around here.  Everybody's idol searching, but I want to get it before Elaine or Dean and  even Tommy, to be honest. This is all about me. And I found an idol before. I  know what I’m looking for. So I’m looking in all the areas that I think an  idol screams, this is where I’m hiding. An I go to one of the tree stump, and  then I see this blue little corner. And I pull it out, and I’m like ... It  was like christmas morning as a nine-year-old.  Congratulations. You have found the immunity idol. The last time you can use  this idol is when there are five players remaining in the game. I'm so  grateful and thankful to have an idol that could possibly get me to the final  four. It's just blowing my doors off. Could you imagine me winning? It's like  it could happen.  Tommy.  We could be out here for hours, you know.  I'm just trying to find it.  Why are they stopping and chitchatting.  Talking about what?  Look at them, look at them.  Wow.  It looks like Janet is showing him something. Yeah, he's definitely -- you  see them looking down at something, right? They're reading something. I  really want to find the idol just to stir things up, but we found Janet and Tommy,  and they're stopped dead in their tracks, and they're looking down at  something. I think they found it. It sucks, but on the other hand, knowledge  and information is power in this game. So knowing that puts me in a good  spot. To me I love it. Like who doesn't love a crazy woman, you know what I mean?   I think we can eat cold rice.  What?  Noura did it.  How did she proportion it in.  She's crazy.  That's really weird.  Because Noura is so crazy, it would make sense to get rid of her for peace of  mind, but I know who public enemy number one is now. It's me. I'm going to  win this game if they let me get to the end, but these people don't want to  sit next to me. They're coming after me. I already know. So I have to make  moves to get there myself. I think Tommy is going to go on a run and win next  few.  What do you mean in.  Straight-up physical stuff, he'll be to the end. So as long as you have Tommy,  you're good. You won't have immunity around your neck, but if Tommy wants you  to stay, you would.  The problem is nobody wants to sit next to me.  Well, Dean and I don't think Dan does. My personal opinion is when they get  down to four, like they're going to make you make fire.  Oh, my God, you're so right.  Because if you think they're going to let Tommy drag his little friend along,  you're mistaken.  I trust Tommy and Dan, but Elaine is making me think there is an all-boys  alliance. I'm worried about Dean because he wants my spot. Dean wants to be  close to Dan and Tommy. So Elaine's advice prompts me to ask more questions.  Elaine was saying like Dean wants me out because he wants to go to the finale  with you and that you boys are going to do a top three without me and that for  me to sit here and think that you would actually take me is stupid.  Stop right here. I feel like you're a jealous girlfriend right now.  Yeah.  I would love to have Janet, me, you, and Dan. We can't have Janet there.  I'm scared.  After the last tribal council, coy have a bond with Dean, so I told Lauren I’m  going to take her to the final three, but I’m rally not. She's an amazing  person, but that's the reason I need her out of this game, because she's  going to win.  No one is coming for you and they can't. That's what's great about this. As a  teacher, I don't get to lie, but here where you're allowed to lie, I guess I’m  good at it. It's fun for me. Here's the deal, Lauren thinks we're going with  her. But we can't have Lauren. She wins it.  Lauren goes home. The three guys.  Good. Good.  Unbeknownst to other people, Dean is part of a final three with me and Tommy.  And if Dean sticks with the plan, that final three makes the most sense to  me. But I’m not sure Dean is somebody who sticks with plan.  No, no! Oh, my God. Come on over, guys.  Sometimes it comes down to chance. Craw -- drawn one name that. Person will  come to the island of idols immediately.  Do it, Janet. Draw it. I old hole it.  Ready?  Dean.  Damn, I knew it.  Do it.  Sometimes this game is left up to chance. One out of seven shot, and it's me.   See ya, man.  That's crazy, especially this late in the game. I would imagine it's the last  trip to the Island of the Idols. This could change the whole course of my  game. Something is finally coming my way and it feels really, really good.  I love "Survivor." I love being out here. It feels lying home to  me. I've been here so many times over the past two decades. This is so good.  Sandra, this is almost done. It's like riding a bike. How is it?  Delicious.  And I’m back on.  I'm so excited to go to the Island of the Idols. I mean, I already got the  legacy advantage that Jamal gave me. So imagine if I can get an advantage  that will drive me through to the end to the final three? Psyched, man. The  captain of the boat drops me off and you start to see these big old  figureheads, and there are t two of them are right there to greet me. Rob and  Sandra.  What's up, y'all? It really felt like your childhood idols. All you want do  is ask for an autograph so you can bring it back and hang it on your wall.  This is like seeing michael jorDan and serena williams.  We made some fish earlier, you hungry?  I haven't eaten anything all day. Thanks, God. This is amazing.  Good, right?  So how has the game been for you?  I feel really good. Like we're about to pull something, but I backed out of  the blindside. The goal being leave the other two, who wanted to do the blind  side on the outs so that would be done at seven and six. The reason I feel  good about it is because I got something for six. I think you guys had  something to do with that.  rob and I had to keep a straight facer because Dean pus out a legacy  advantage, and I know for fact that it's fake.  Can you guys confirm that this is real or not? Only Jeff.  I do think it's real, but I played it up like it was fake, and I painted one  with paint, a fake one. An I played the fake one at nine.  Dean made a fake of the fake legacy advantage, an we're like, this dude is  brilliant. Like who thinks of that?  Now, this is what else I’m thinking? It's a waste, and you know what, just to  be safe, I may play it up to be like, everyone vote me, and then I play this,  then have all the jury think that I was crafty enough and like saved my ass  at six.  Dean, it's never a good idea to try to put votes on yourself. Even if you had  a real legacy advantage, which you don't, brother. It's within thing to get  to the end of "Survivor" 39 days. It's another thing to get to the  end and win.  Uh-huh.  Everybody that comes to the Island of the Idols gets a lesson. Today your  lesson is about jury management. This far into the game, you have to be  thinking about it. If you are able if make it to day 39, are you going to be  able to tell a story to this jury that they're going to believe and want to  give you the $1 million check. It wasn't until I played a redemption they was  able to figure that out that it's not only getting to the end, but how you  get there and once you get there, can you get the respect of the people to  write your name down.  You definitely have to do storytelling. You have to play up any bravado.  Make your moves known. You have to tell the story in a way that makes them  feel like you played the game the best.  They want to give the $1 million to the best player some if me, you and Rob  are all making the same moves, you have to give remember estimate yourself  from -- you have to differentiate yourself from everyone else.  Now it's time for test. If you're willing to wager your vote and you win, you  have a choice between three advantages. An extra vote, an idol nullifier, or  an immunity idol good for the next tribal council that cannot be played for  yourself. If you lose, you lose your vote at the next tribal council. The  test is a simple game of chance, a coin flip.  Damn. A coin flip? Damn.  It's a game of chance.  Right. This is a simple game of chance, a coin flip that he can use to  impress the jury. If Dean win, he can let them know he basically took fate  into his own hands and risked it all. You know, at some point in this game,  you have to take a chance.  Yeah. Right?  Everything in this game is risk versus reward.  Exactly right.  So I want, if I can make it to the final three, to say I made some big moves.  That can be a huge move.  Tell that jury this story right here. Rob and Sandra offered me a chance. I  had to risk my vote on a coin flip.  Yeah.  You got to take a chance in this game. I risked it all on a coin flip.  It could be good.  It could be great.  Here's what else I’m thinking, Janet, we think she found an idol, so I’m leaning  toward the idol nullifyer. I think that does seem like a big move for me on  the jury. I think I have played a subtle low-key game, which i've been going  for, but in order the highlight some risks I have taken, some strategy that  i've played. I think it's almost necessary that I take this risk, as well.  I'm going to do it. I'm on "Survivor." I’m going to do it.  You're going to do it?  Hell, yeah. Yeah.  So you're risk your vote on a coin flip. If you're right, you get an idol  nullifier. If you're wrong, you lose your vote.  That's right.  Let's do it.  All right. Dean.  Could be a $1 million.  No means I don't get it.  Yes means you win. Okay?  Dean, I hope you get it, Dean.  Thank you, Sandra.  Ready? You need moments of brilliance to win "Survivor."  let's do it, man.  It might come early, it might come late, but at some point in this game you  have to take a chance.  Yeah, buddy!  That's amazing. Give me a hug.  Let's go! Let's go!  You got your idol nullifier.  Yeah, buddy. This is something.  The fact that you took this chance, if it pays off for you at the end, it  could be the difference in playing one of those jury votes and pulling $1  million in your pocket.  Yes, sir.  It's awesome to have that lesson in jury manage. It's opened my eyes up way  more to, damn, there are seven people left and you're this close to getting  to the final three where you're actually may have to manage a jury.  You're almost there, you're almost there.  Thank you. Have a good one. Figure out how you think each one will react to  certain things that you've done. I feel like I have a clear plan to win over  the jury for $1 million.  Let's wave at him so he feels special.  When I’m on the boat returning from island of the idol, definitely nervous.  Like everyone who has returned has to go up and story time for everyone and  say what happened, what happened. So I need to be crafty.  I was upset because there were no signposts. You could give up your vote for  the next tribal only if you want to play, risk it, and there is a game of chance,  flip a coin. If I won I could choose between an extra vote that last me  through six or an idol that needs to be played for someone else next tribal.  Whoa.  So I chose the extra vote until six, and I chose to play, flip, and nothing.  You flip it and it said no.  I flipped it and I said no.  Next tribal only. I told them it was only a coin flip. And then I told them I  lost. So a little fudge there. But I think I went over pretty well.  Was the extra vote something you have to go find somewhere.  The extra vote, I don't know, I didn't win.  You don't even know what it was.  Moving forward I want to tell the people I’m working with about my idol  nullifier, because I want to come closer to them, so if I can help them out,  they can help me out, let's "kumbaya" until the end of the game.  Flip of the coin, I won an idol nullifier, and how it works is before the  votes are read, I put it in the earn, an I need the write down who to play it  on.  Dang. Dean can play more than I thought. To be honest, I thought Dean was  just a goat. I thought I could take him to the end and he would make no  moves, because Dean doesn't talk. He sits there, smiles and puts his hands  through his hair. But at this point he has the legacy advantage and the idol  nullifier.  The idol nullifier is clutch.  So what are you thinking in.  We stick with whoever you want at six, whether it be Noura or whoever. It  gives us good options.  So it made me think that Dean is actually much more of a player than I think.  I'm a little scared, because I was underestimating him and maybe he's got to  go.  Come on in, guys.  Oh, no. Dang it.  Jeff: Welcome to day 35. First things first, Lauren, got to take back the  immunity necklace. March it over.  I'll get it back.  Jeff: Like the confidence. Thank you. Once again immunity is become up for  grabs. For today's challenge, you're going to spin to unravel a coil of rope.  You'll then make your way across a series of obstacle, collecting one puzzle  piece. You will use that piece to solve a Survivor word puzzle. First to  finish wins immunity, guaranteed a one in six shot at getting to the end.  Losers tribal council where somebody will be voted out. Draw for spots, we'll  get it to. Here we go. All right. Here we go. For immunity.  Now my heart is racing.  Go, baby.  Let's do it.  Jeff: Go! Tommy is whipping down this course. Janet taking her time. Elaine  moving quickly. You want to get there as fast as you can. Tommy is good.  Elaine is there. You're good. Elaine goes down. Dan goes down.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Noura is down. Everybody struggling with being disizdy, not only in  this game but right now. It is Tommy on the balance beam. He has the start  again. Everybody now starting to get undizzy.  Go for it. Just go for it.  Jeff: Everybody taking a moment to center themselves. You got to get across  that beam. Trying to keep it together. It is very narrow. 35 days of wear and  tear really showing right now.  Damn.  Jeff: Dean starting to work on his puzzle piece. Noura has hers untied.  Let's go.  Noura can start working on her puzzlen Dean can start working on his puzzle.  Still got five people trying to get across that beam. Lauren is good. There  goes Dan. He's good. Tommy is good. Elaine's good. Janet's good. Everybody is  on their puzzle. It is a seven-word phrase. You're going the read it from top  to botTom.  I'm in the good with words.  Jeff: 35 days. You want the make it to day 36. This is it right here. What  are the words you need to solve this phrase?  Why can't I see this?  Jeff: You're just looking for any word to get you started. So easy at home.  Can't they see it in it's right there. Much tougher when it's you. Everybody  desperate, looking for some clue, some hint. Everybody looking over  everybody's shoulder. This is not a puzzle that's going to slowly come together.  You're going to figure it out, and it's going to be a race.  Jeff: All of a sudden Dean thinks he has something. Dean with another piece.  Elaine with another piece. He's going to solve very fast. You cannot waste  time. Jeff, I’m done.  Jeff: Say it, Dean.  This game will mess with your mind.  Jeff: Dean has it! Dean wins immunity! Safe in the final six. Cannot be voted  out.  Good job, Dean.  Dean, I had it.  You had it?  I had it before you. I couldn't figure out how the switch the Tom letters  around. Son of a gun. I almost won. I knew what it was. I didn't solve it  fast enough. It makes me so mad, because I really needed to win today. I'm  pretty desperate right now. But Noura is so out in left field, you can't  depend on her to do anything. So I’m voting for Noura.  It will mess with your mind, man.  I didn't even think about the words. I just saw that the g or whatever had a  bank on the back.  Dean, mr. Schisty himself ended up winning because they're going to vote me  out as soon as they come I don't want to go home. It's day 35. I got four  days to win $1 million.  I'm going to try to pick up some sticks. I'm not going to quit. Me and Lauren  still got a tight relationship. Maybe I can get her to make a move and use  me.  She's still going to be looking for an idol. Unless she already has one.  You can see it in her face.  Should we put all our votes on her.  I feel like we should.  Why not?  Can we do that? Let's just this that?  Okay.  How is the water, Elaine?  Noura thinks we're going after Elaine because she's such a threat, but in  reality, plan "a" is to get Elaine out, but plan "b" is  to put enough votes on Noura so if any idol played or any advantage is  played, Noura goes home, too. You never know in this game. You always have to  have that plan "b" set in place.  We still want to throw one vote on Noura is my question?  I think we have to.  Yeah.  So we all vote Elaine.  Let's do that. Just in case something crazy happens.  Everyone will vote Elaine besides Dan. Dan will put one vote on Noura.  However, I feel like in the end Dan and Tommy high decide that I’m too much  of a threat.  I should have won that. I messed up.  Stop.  What? I'll do whatever to stay, you know that. Whatever you feel like doing.  Right now you could either vote out Noura or you can even vote out me.  Tonight could be one of the last chances for me to control the vote because  the numbers are whittling down. Dan and I have played this game together the  entire time, but what I’m worried about is you only bring people to the end  you feel you can beat. That's why Noura scarings me. It would be easy the  take her to the end.  What does your heart say? Keep the peace?  Why don't we do that? What's wrong with that?  I know Janet will be on board.  So if Janet, myself and Elaine decide to vote for Noura, she's going home,  because Dan is also voting for Noura. That gives us four. I need to start  building a resume. And I think this is something that I can bring to the  jury. That's like do I want to be a Survivor player that lays low, or do I want  to be one that makes moves like the people I admire, like Sandra.  I'm in the in trouble am i?  No. Not at all.  Okay. I believe in you.  See what I mean?  Can you tell?  Yeah.  So what do we do?  Noura does all the scheming and I think that if I want to remove Noura from  the possibility of going to final three, because I want to be there. And  people may want to take Noura instead. If Elaine was to stay, I think my  threat level is rally diminished, because one, she can start fire probably as  fast as f not faster than I can, and, two she can win immunity, and three,  she's a likable player. But that makes her Dangerous. So tonight's a tricky  vote. And Lauren and myself are the ones in charge making a decision.  Dean. Dean won it.  Jeff: We now bring in the members of our jury.  Jeff: We now bring in the members of our jury. All right. Let's start with  today's immunity challenge. Elaine, you're already shaking your head.  I was pissed because I had it, and this dude back here, yeah, he beat me to  the punch. Like I needed that. You know what I mean? I really needed that.  I felt like I was in a conversation, too. Just take a look at who has been  voted out recently, Karishma, Elizabeth.  Dean is playing for the jury. He paid attention.  I was sitting here with five purple folks.  Jeff: So Noura, where are we in the game right now?  At tribal council.  Jeff: True. Good answer.  Right now it's kind of the end is in sight, and people are thinking, how do I  get by one more day, but how do I end up at the end. So it's like, these two  things are happening, but it's changing constantly.  Jeff: Tommy, players often talk about seven. When there's seven left, that's  a pivotal moment.  Exactly. Because when there are seven employers left, you only need four  people to switch the tide and change alliances. So if these two feel like  they're on the botTom, they only have to find two people who feel like  they're on the Vokai botTom and they can make something work.  Jeff: So Dan, it's still a very Dangerous game right now.  Even though there are only seven, there are still seven.  Where I come from in california, you hope you build a foundation to withstand  an earthquake. Looking at our last tribal, our foundation had an earthquake.  When people fix the foundation, you make it strong enough so the next  earthquake you don't have to worry about. So unless this is the big one  tonight, we hope our house is solid and the vote will be what we expect.  Jeff: Elaine, I guess you're not a member of this house.  I guess I’m a home wrecker. That's what I’m up here calling myself. The botTom  line is this: I have been called target from day one from my own peeps over  on Lairo. So why not just hang on the me one more vote just to guarantee  yourself one more spot.  Elaine, that's what you do.  You're saying, hang on the you because you're more likely to be voted out  before somebody else because you're a threat?  Exactly.  Jeff: So if it's not you, who do you put it on?  Well, my vote would go to Noura.  Jeff: Implying she's not a threat to win.  New york I think she's somebody you can take to the end, but if she goes to  the end, then Janet is out. If she goes to the end, then Lauren might be out.  So by voting me out and keeping her, you're maybe taking a seat away from  yourself.  Who wants to sit next to Elaine in the final three? Raise your hand?  Nobody. But it would be better to go with me because you know I’m going home  than to play with you where you're a wild card.  You're entitled to your perspective. And I get you're on the outside. Dean is  immune and you have to come up with something.  I'm not coming up with nothing. I'm telling it like it is. If you think it's  going to be you next, you better do something tonight. You are not going to  have the chance.  Janet, Elaine made another interesting point. She is saying, ifeoe=u me out  because I’m a threat, then any other threat better fear the same thing.  Yeah. Elaine and I have a very similar people view her as a threat and people  view me as a threat. Everything that labor is saying, she could be saying  about me. And everybody up here knows you know, so it's a lot to think about.   Jeff: Lauren, you seem to be in agreement.  Elaine has raised some very real concerns that I do have about my position  here. And Janet's position here.  Jeff: Elaine, this is what you want to hear?  But I always prepare for the worst, because for me that's what usually  happens. The glass is always half empty with me.  Jeff: Really?  Yeah.  Jeff: That doesn't line up for me just knowing and watching you out here. You  do seem likable. You do seem charming. You do seem like a threat to win. And  yet you see the world so half empty.  I mean, i've had a rough way to go, you know what I mean? I have never been a  real lucky person. Just unlucky for some reason, other than getting on this,  nothing good has ever really happened. And I come for the money, but the more  important part was coming for the adventure and figuring out who I was and  dealing with my emotions and, you know, just trying to put everything into  perspective. Damn, Jeff. God.  Jeff: Well, have you had any perspective out here?  I just come out here and I had a lot of stuff on my mind already. My mom  passed away three months ago, an i've homicide a lot of long nights. Trying  to work through all that and not getting lost in my own self, you know, I got  a good girlfriend who is there with me, and time is what I need. I need time.  Because time heals all wounds. A big lesson i've learned coming out here is I  shouldn't take anything for granted because you never know. So i've been  fighting for 35 days to stay in this. And I’m going to keep fighting until  you snuff my torch. That's just how it is.  Jeff: I don't want to snuff anybody's torch. It's never fun.  I know.  Jeff, just having a few more days on this earth than some of the people here,  there are times in my life that I couldn't understand the tragedy, I couldn't  understand the pain, but I always believed that there was light on the other  side. You are going to find your way through your personal feelings, whether  you stay here or whether you close it out, that's secondary to what's going  to happen up here and in here. And I truly believe that for you. I truly do.  Appreciate it.  We love you, Elaine.  That makes me not want the leave, you know what I mean? Your dreams are still  alive until you snuff more torch.  Noo that is true. And it is...  Time to vote?  Jeff: That's right. Noura, you're up.  You're crazy as hell, but I still like you.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes.  Jeff: The anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want the play it, now  would be the time to do so. Okay. I'll read the votes. First vote, Elaine.  Noura. Elaine. Two votes Elaine. Noura. We're tied. Two votes Elaine, two  votes Noura. That's three votes Elaine, two votes Noura. 14th person voted  out, Elaine, that's four, that's enough, you need to bring me your torch.  Don't worry. I'm good. All right, peeps.  Jeff: Elaine, the tribe has spoken.  Let's hug it out.  Jeff: You got it.  I love her.  Love y'all.  Jeff: Well, it's been 35 physically taxing, emotionally draining days. And if  you think it's going to get any easier, think again. Grab your torch, head  back to camp, good night. Captioning funded by cbs and ford. We go further,  so you can. Captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  i think it just reminds me of home.  Uh-huh.  There was one night I was fixing the fire, and I couldn't see it was so dark.  Oh, my God. Jeff's here.  We're all hanging out relaxing, and I see Jeff. And I literal think I looked  at him like, this like a deer caught in the headlights because I was so  confused. We don't really know what's going on. All right. So. I need to  share some news.  Good news, bad news, what? Pi matter is pounding.  Bad news.  Where's Dan?  I spoke privately with Dan, and I want to update you guys. A decision has  been made, and Dan will not be returning to the game. He won't be coming back  the camp. He won't be on the jury. He's gone.  Dan has been removed from the game. Not even go to the jury, nothing. So in  my opinion, very real-world things are coming into the game, and we need to  process the fact that Dan is gone, but then move beyond it.  Losing the wrong person at the wrong time can blow up your chances for $1  million. Now the deck has rescrambled. I now have to pick the cards up and  get going, because this game doesn't stop for anybody.  Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on the season finale of "Survivor," prepare for  battle, because it's a fight to the finish.  D.k. Chillen has turned to d.k. Villain.  I have a freakin' idol. I need the use it.  There's in way we're going to leave them without one last test.  Jeff: Join us december 18th.  Other than winning the $1 million, i've experienced everything you could  experience on "Survivor." you have to come out here and look  yourself in the eye. Sometimes people don't like what they see, but I love  me. I'm proud of me. I really am. It is something i'll always remember.