<br/>Jeff: Come on in guys all right. Well, there are a few milestones. In this  game.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Surviving a switch. Making the merge, grafting your blindside and this  moment right here.  I'm going to freak out.  Jeff: Time for some love. Lauren, let's get your husband mat out here. Cam  out on, matt.  Wow.  Oh, my God.  I love you. I can't believe you're here. Oh, my God.  Jeff: Lauren, tell me about this love affair. Why matt?  He's so caring and compassionate, and think crazy thing I say I want to do,  he's like, all right, babe, go ahead, do it, including this experience. I  told him, I just want to get to this molt. I just want you to see me.  Jeff: All right. Give him a last hug.  Okay. I love you. I'm going to win. I'm going to win.  Jeff: All right. Tommy, let's get your girlfriend nicole out here. Come on,  nicole.  Tommy. Tommy.  Oh, she's beautiful.  Jeff: Tommy, what is that? You're a big guy, athletic, and your body is  trembling right now?  Jeff, this girl has changed my life from the second I met her, Jeff.  Jeff: Nicole, is there anything about Tommy that might surprise us, about his  personality?  I mean, as you guys can see, he's very emotional. He's so loving. He has the  biggest heart of anyone I ever met. It shows right now. I love him.  Jeff: All right. Give her a last hug.  Tommy! [applause]  Jeff: Karishma, you look like you're ready for some love. Let's get your  husband out here. Drew, come on out. Drew, come on out.  Jeff: Drew, does this give you some kind of idea of emotionally how taxing it  is that there is no one to trust?  If four years i've never seen her like this. I can't imagine what she's been  through.  Jeff: Karishma, what's the feeling of having drew out here right now? What is  that rock? It's like you're holding on the him like he's a stch -- statue?  Out here, the hunger, the deprivation and everything, it can be so painful,  but what can really breck you is loneliness. And I feel so misunderstood out  here. And to know that I have this man who understands me an he chooses me, and  I’m never going to ever let go of this. I love you, too.  Jeff: Give him a last hug.  Jeff: Noura, let's get your sister lana out here. Come on, lana. [cheering]  that's a hug.  I'm proud of you.  That's all I ever wanted from you. That's all I ever wanted from you.  Jeff: Noura, your sister just said, "i'm proud of you," and you  said, "that's all I ever wanted."  i'm the big sister. I want to be luke her. In my adulthood, she's been my big  sister. I know I am impulsive and crazy and, you know, e-mail Noura. I'm  crazy. An she calls it Noura-mal.  Jeff: Give her a last hug.  This won't be the last hug.  Jeff: That's the "Survivor" spirit. All right, Janet. Let's get  your husband out here. Come on, john.  Bring him out. [cheering]  oh, Janet.  Our new grandbaby is a girl.  Jeff: Oh, really? Congratulations. That's the signal, the pink shirt. So you  didn't know when you left?  I didn't know.  Jeff: John, what it is about Janet? Because we've seen her for 31 days out  here.  I've done some things.  Jeff:  she's a very strong woman. There's in challenge she won't take. She breaks  through for women on so many different levels. She's an oceanfront lifeguard.  She was one of the first women to be put on a beach. Every time something  comes up, it doesn't matter that she's a woman. She's fine for anything. I  love you. I'm so proud of you.  Jeff: All right, Dean. Let's get your mom out here. Come on, laurie.  Look at that matching ensemble.  How you doing.  Jeff: So tell me. You guys clearly have a really comfortable relationship  together. What it is about Dean?  We've been through thick and thin? An he is loyal and faithful and just a  lovable person.  Jeff: Boy, Dean, it seemed like there was a lot unsaid there in the we've  been through thick and thin.  No, I had a childhood that kind of went like this. I would come home in high  school, cry every night at time, an she was there. I don't know. It all  turned out all right.  Jeff: The bond is clear. Give her a last hug.  Oh, Dean.  Jeff: Seems like a good time to bring out the youngest person ever to be on  "Survivor," Dan's son ryan, 13 years old. Come on out, ryan.  Go ahead, Dan.  Oh, my God.  You okay.  Jeff: Ryan, what was the journey like for you? Young guy, flying across the  world into Fiji. How are you doing?  I'm great. I'm so happy to see him here. I can't believe he made it this far.   There you go. Give him a last hug.  Jeff: All right, Elaine. Let's get your girlfriend out here. Come on, tanya.  Good, good. I love you.  Jeff: All right, Elaine. Talk to me about this woman.  She's the toughest girl I know. She's tougher than I am. She puts up with me,  Jeff. You know? She's my rock at home. Like I’m always so strong for  everybody else, but she's what holds me together. And she's got two kids  prior, and the oldest one is in college now and the youngest one is my best  friend.  Jeff: Wow.  And they love us together and I was scared when we first got together that  they wouldn't accept us, and...  I love her more now than I did the day I decided i'd give her a chance.  Jeff: All right. Give her a last hug. All right. Let's get to it. For today's  challenge, you will be tethered to another tribe member. You'll make your way  through a series of obstacles and then attempt to land one sand bag on a  small wooden disk. First the finish wins reward in the form of love, more  time with the person who came so far to see you. We're going the draw for  pairs. We'll get started. Here we go. Lana, you're vcially impaired, right?  Yes, sir. What can you see? Can can you see them from here?  Are you guys cool if she rides shotgun with me?  Yeah.  Thanks, guys. Thank you. I really appreciate it.  What's happening right now?  We're bringing her close so she can see you. Lana has a little bit of a  vision issue, visually impaired.  Thank you, Jeff. Thank you. All right. Here we go, for reward in the form of  love, Survivors ready? Go!  Come on, baby, let's go! Let's go! Let's go!  Jeff: Dan and Noura off the fast lead. Noura in the water trying to swim when  you can just walk.  Come on, Noura.  Jeff: It is Dan leading the way with Noura. It is Dean and Elaine. Down on  the end we have Karishma and Lauren. And then Tommy and Janet. We have our  four pairs. The biggest reward of the season, your loved one and a picnic on  a beautiful beach.  Noura, under here.  Jeff: Dean is through. Trying to get Elaine through. Tommy is through,  waiting on Janet. There goes Dean and Elaine.  Go, Dean!  Jeff: Start digging. There goes Tommy and Janet. Noura still stuck. You got  the keeplu]jz for love. Noura and Janet through. They can start digging now.  You got to get both your bodies under there. It is Lauren and Karishma. They  finished dead last this entire challenge. Now you got to get your bodies  under this log. Tommy going first. Can he get through? He's stuck. There goes  Noura. Noura stuck. Elaine is stuck now. Everybody is stuck.  Come on.  Jeff: Lauren and Karishma the motion kicking in it. You don't give up in this  game. Start digging.  You got it! You got it! Yes! Yes! Let's go.  Jeff: Dean and Elaine are first through. Tommy waiting on Janet. You're good.  Start throwing that sand bag.  You're good.  Jeff: First toss for Elaine.  This way, this way, this way.  Jeff: You got to run together to get that bag. Everybody else still trying to  get out from under that log. This is a big advantage for Dean and Elaine. On  and off. Here comes Janet and Tommy. They're going to be in this. Let's go!  Tommy and Janet. Tommy launches. A little long. Elaine on and off.  So close!  Jeff: Karishma trying to get through. Could they get back many this?  Unbelievable. Karishma and Lauren are through.  You're in this!  You can do it. You're still in it.  Jeff: Here comes Noura and Dan. Just on and off.  You got this! You're in this! Yes, yes &gt;&gt;.  Jeff: Everybody is in it now. Dan and Noura could win this challenge with one  toss. There it is! Tommy lands it. Tommy and Janet win reward if the norm of  more time with their loved ones. What an effort by everybody. All right. Look  at these other Survivors. All of them fought for it. Invite one other Survivor  and their loved one to join you for a once-in-a-lifetime afternoon  should I say it?  Dan.  Jeff: Dan, come on over. Ryan. More time with your pop. All right. Janet and Tommy.  Pick one final Survivor and their loved one. You just saw the emotion really  kick in.  You want to say it or you want me to?  Lauren.  Jeff: Lauren, come on over.  Thank you, thank you.  I'm sorry, you guys.  Thank you guys so much. I love you.  Jeff: All right, Elaine, Dean, Noura, Karishma, time to say good-bye to your  loved ones.  I love you.  I love you, Noura. Tell the boys I love them.  Sorry, guys.  Jeff: All right. Beautiful afternoon. For the eight of you, grab your stuff,  head out, enjoy the afternoon.  Incredible.  Jeff: Karishma, is this potentially a defining moment in the game?  Yes. It sucks to feel that you're at the botTom and it sucks when you have  that moment of clarity, and I feel for anybody who has that moment because I know  how it feels. Moving forward, let's all ban together. We can put a wrecking  ball to somebody else's head maybe.  Jeff: Wow. Emotion  yeah. Let's go.  Jeff: Elaine, Dean, Karishma, Noura, grab your I got nothing for you. Head  back to camp.  Guys, I just want to say, I love you guys.  To win the family visit, it was like a shot of energy. And seeing john and  holding him, it was absolutely awesome. He's my rock. You know?  Isn't it crazy?  It has no idea.  Seeing nicole, I just couldn't help but feel that love and feel that warmth  of home. I became one of my little fourth grade girls and I even started  shaking. There's so much riding on. This it's my job to get this done.  Loved one, we don't want to talk strategy, but we have to. Who is first?  I think Elaine.  Jeff: I think Elaine.  Why don't we tell Noura?  Split the vote between Karishma and Elaine?  Once again to have our army against this rag-tag group of losers. I'm not  afraid of this weird grouping.  Dan, Tommy, Janet, and myself are in an alliance, and the other four are back  at camp. So they have the chance to put a plan together. However, we have Noura,  who always tells everyone I’m her number one, and then there's Elaine, who is  not a strategist. And we have Dean, who is a numbers guy, who is desperate.  Then we have Karishma, who everyone is mad at. Do they have the numbers? No.  Can they do something? Maybe. Is it likely? No.  I want to say something, and can we talk? I'm the only Vokai that's here with  you dwois right now. I have been loyal to these people since the beginning. I  have shown my allegiance. Now I know where I rank in that group, I am in a  way the Karishma, but I’m actually enjoyable to be around. I'm funny, I’m providing.  I'm cutting coconuts. I give up reward so they can eat and kill me today  you're their bitch.  I'm their bitch.  This family business has people revved up. The one who felt it the moist is Noura.  She came back guns ablazing.  I came over here. I was willing to bring our numbers back together, and Lauren  and Tommy flipped over. Dan, I was like, where's the love, man? What happened  to this?  Noura was very vocal about how upset she was. There was airing of grievances.  Call it festivus. There was an airing of grievances going on.  I am honest and loyal to fault, and here's the fault. Here's the fault. I was  blindsided. Not blindsided. It bunched -- punched me in the face. Kellee's, I  have all these plans. And Lauren, since day one, she doesn't do... They're  ego maniac. They want to be like, look what I did, look what I did? None of  us want to be a pawn in their game and be someone who got them to the end. And  today I’m going to fast forward to the future and go back and finish up, for  me, it was wonderful.  When there's a high emotional moment, people tend to tell the truth. We can  literally control the next vote, because I will be with you guys, and I’m a  very transparent player. With me, I take people to insane levels. I literally  uplift someone to a point where he's rocking and he goes back to his ex-and I’m  disposed of even though I go back to him.  Noura, you're getting side tracked.  The point where my surrender flag. I'm inch I’m all the way in. I'm not just  saying. This I want you to understand. I am here with you. I am here with  you, Elaine. I am here with you, Karishma. We have to make a move. They think  it's going to be like this, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh.  That was music to my ears to see someone of a group I thought was so strong  go against them.  What scares me the most is Lauren has Tommy wrapped around her finger.  We all know Lauren is a big threat because she's very social and she's most  threatening in my book. Are you willing to vote her out?  Yes, I am. Because I’m being played by them.  Maybe it's time for me to wake up and say, Dan and Tommy don't have you in  their final plan, because now would be my time to hop off that bus and get on  with the underlings and rise on up.  What can we do?  What that said, there's only four of us, and there are four other people, so  we drag in a fifth or we go out and find a hidden immunity idol and go create  our own luck.  I don't think it will be buried. I'm thinking like we know, and I know an  idol is back in play. Two were played, at least one, was found in this  jungle.  What does it look like?  It's blue, this big.  There is the thing call the very tick lar activating system, if you say blue,  blue, blue, it will activate our brains. If you say it, we'll see it. I know  these idols are looking the help us.  This is blue.  We're not going to have to dig and make so it hard. It's going to be  literally like a gift. Here you go.  Boom! [screaming]  you did it.  Look what I found. I found one. There it was, sitting in the tree. Pretty as  can be. I picked it up and put it in my red nick pocket. And that's where  it's going to stay until I play the damn thing.  I see it clearly. Now I have to make my move, and my sister said it, this is  my crazy Noura. She always finds a way. And my family knows that. I am the  epiTome of "Survivor" in my own life because the biggest, this is  where it comes to a close, the biggest obstacle in my life has been me. Am I going  to be a sheep until the end? I'm not. That's not who I am. And that's why the  game is going to change today.  Let's open a papaya.  Yes!  Jeff: Come on in, guys! All right. First things first, got to take back the  necklace. Once again, Noura. Are you even going to turn around?  Now I will. Thank you, Jeff.  Jeff: Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge,  you're going to stand on the small block of wood while stabilizing a ball  against an overhanging piece of wood. If at any point the ball drops, you're  out. Last person left standing wins immunity, guaranteed a one in seven shot  of getting to the end. Losers tribal council where somebody will be voted out  and become the seventh member of our jury. Draw for spots. We'll get started.  All right. Everybody get on one foot. Put the ball in the paint. Grab both  handles. An we look good. This challenge is on. At this point everybody knows  the game is up for grabs. Nobody can be totally certain they're okay. But  that necklace solves that problem. Now sooner do I say that, Dean is first  out. No shot at imhuntty. Tommy drops. He'll have no shot at immunity. He's  not safe at tribal. Noura drops. She will not get a third immunity necklace.  She's out. We're down the five. Janet drops. You all right?  Yeah.  Jeff: You sure?  Yeah.  Jeff: Okay. Janet with hard tumble, but gets up like a weeble wobble. Janet  with hard tumble, but gets up like a weeble wobble. Karishma drops. She's  out. Karishma has no security at tribal council tonight. We're down to Lauren,  Dan, and Elaine for immunity on day 32.  Oh, God, I looked away. I looked away. I looked away.  Jeff: Dan drops. We're down to two. It is Lauren versus Elaine for immunity.  Elaine!  Jeff: This is it, another showdown on "Survivor" right here. Coming  up on 15 minutes in this challenge.  I want that necklace, Jeff.  Jeff: Earn it right here.  Keep your focus on the ball.  Jeff: Elaine knows how good it feels.  I want that necklace.  Focus on the ball.  Jeff: That's it. You got the breathe through it sometimes.  Keep focused. You're good. You're both good.  Jeff: Elaine still looking very good down on the end. Not much movement at  all. Not much movement at all. Elaine still very solid.  My arms.  Jeff: Rest them against the ball. Don't look away. Don't look away.  Jeff: Lauren starting to struggle. Got to get it back.  Do not look away. That's what killed me.  Jeff: Lauren struggling again. Can she recover for a second time? Elaine  drops suddenly.  Are you kidding me?  Jeff: Lauren wins individual immunity.  I won?  Jeff: You won! Lauren pulls it out. Once that ball dropped, we knew our easy  target tonight, Karishma, can go home.  Congratulations.  Anything can happen, but everyone wants her out, and tonight is the night  that can get that done.  Jeff:  Lauren.  You did really good. You should be so proud of yourself.  Thank you.  I'm is happy to have this necklace on. That's something that i've dreamed of  doing since I was 11. That is 18 years of dreaming, of having this on my  neck. And I have it. I don't know if I needed it tonight, because I’m confident  in my alliance right now. But this vote is one of the most important votes of  the game.  Okay. So the idea for tonight is...  Tommy, Dean, me and you are voting together.  The strategy moving forward is to get the cat with nine lives out, which is Karishma.  So we're going to put four votes on Karishma and three votes on Elaine in  case Karishma found an idol again an we're feeling relatively confident  because we don't feel like this motley anti-alliance has really assembled  their forces in any real way.  Long story short, you, me, and Dan are voting Elaine. And the rest on Karishma.   That's smart.  Janet told me their plan, but after the loved ones visit and not getting the  go on the reward, I felt on the botTom. They're all in it together, Tommy, Janet,  Dan, Lauren, they're a strong four. This is like lord of if flies. They can  promise you the stars and the moon, and wine and dine you and make you feel  great, and then they're going to fricking get you.  Karishma needs to go because we can't keep dragging her along. The closer she  gets to the end, the more we'll all start thinking we want to sit next to Karishma.   This is a really big vote. But it feels cool that I get so much power in it.  Okay. They came up to me. It was me and Janet. This is how they're doing the  vote. Janet and Dan are going on you. And she has something. And Tommy and Lauren  are doing Karishma.  Perfect.  That means the four of us can vote whoever we want.  This is gold. I know that four still want me out, but if they decide to split  the vote, the four of us can decide who goes home. This is the break i've  been waiting for. All it takes is one tribal council for everything to  change. If they're doing 2-2, we have to put our entire four on one person.  All four on Tommy.  Unless you're told different.  Everybody is voting for Tommy.  Okay. Great.  Noura, final four.  We're doing it.  We wanted to vote Lauren out today, but she won immunity, so the backup is Tommy,  because that's her right-hand man. It's going to work. My concern is that Noura  is such a fruit loop that she won't stick to the plan.  Me, Dan, and Janet voting Elaine, and you and Elaine and everyone else Karishma  some that makes technically only 2-2.  But what if Tommy has an idol. What if 3-1  no, not at all.  You don't think so?  One vote is not doing anything.  Well, duh. But then what if Karishma goes?  Karishma is not going.  But what if Elaine doesn't play it?  Good.  Look, we found the idol. You think there's twonã      that's absurd. We can't plan for every little thing. That's when we start  going crazy.  I agree. So I want the rule this out in my mind. So if we --  holy crap. Noura is totally confused. She can't even think through numbers  straight. Like, Noura, it's easy. Two is more than one, but no.  What if we did three on Tommy and one let's say Dan.  We would do 2-2-1.  Well, all right, so you're thinking it has to be all Tommy.  Four Tommy.  And we have to trust everybody.  I do.  You're not worried about Karishma?  I feel very good. I am most worried about you?  Really?  Yeah.  Noura is a loose cannon. It's a very simple plan, but the way she was  thinking through things, putting my faith in Noura's hands is scary.  Okay. I'm sitting in the middle and we have been told to vote like this.  Karishma, Karishma, Karishma, Karishma. Noura.  If Noura isn't with us right now --  if Noura flips. They have four. And that means whoever they pick goes home.  Right.  If we get through tonight with Karishma or Elaine going home, we're sitting  pretty. But the one thing that could really mess that up was Noura. Noura has  been a wild card since day one. She's very like spur of the moment, goes with  the flow, and if she does something crazy, I don't have an idol. I don't have  a necklace. I could be going home.  So what do we do for real?  <br/>We definitely want Karishma.  But now is just crazy.  It's a tricky situation. And all it takes is one little wrong decision. And  it's over. Your dream is dead.  If we do this, there's no turning back.  I got an idol in my pocket. I don't know if I should play it, but my lesson  from Boston Rob and Sandra was don't hesitate. When you see an opportunity,  seize it. I'm going to go balls out and see if I can make this move. Go big  or go home.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. All right. So let's start  with the loved one challenge. Januaryet, when you dream of playing "Survivor,"  one of the moments you think about is, and then i'll be there long enough for  my loved one to get. There you had that moment.  It was absolutely amazing. The best part was like energy that just fills you  up.  Jeff: Karishma, the down side of winning the loved one reward challenge is  you are playing with "Survivor" dynamite. You win, you get love.  You live people behind that don't.  Yeah, it is definitely "Survivor" dynamite. I mean, there's four  people left back at camp all sharing the misery of heartbreak and misery  loves company, so that could be the dynamite that explodes in someone's face.   Jeff: Lairng let's extrapolate.  What's extrapolate mean?  You want a consistent game plan.  This is how I played the game. From start to finish. I had a goal. And this  is what I did. If it served me well great, if it didn't, great.  Jeff: Elaine russia you concerned at all that since we sat down, it's been  whispering.  Apparently they got something to say.  Look at this.  Tommy, Tommy, I need to talk to you right now. I'm sorry.  To be on the botTom, they're trying to bring you in and vote you out.  I know. I'm sorry. Listen,  are you voting for me.  I don't understand what's happening.  I'll be outspoken. I'll say it right now. I'll make it very clear and then we  don't have to do all this whispering. Dean, since the day I met you at liar  york you've shown me not once, not twice, three times I can't trust you.  Look, Dean, Elaine, and Karishma, they're on the botTom, they're trying to  get in with our group, and I would actually consider leaving my crew to go  with you? You're telling me come with us, let's do this ruse? Now it's 110%  never.  But what is the ruse? What is the ruse?  What was the plan?  The plan was all three of them are going to vote Tommy and Elaine has an  idol. There you go.  Out of control.  Why did you tell me they would vote my name?  It's true, because after Karishma --  so why are you all voting my name?  You wasn't. Tommy wasn't writing my name.  Exactly.  Elaine, you think the split is what matters.  You all was coming after me. You were splitting the vote. That's what Noura  told me.  Why would you believe something like that  because you all came back for the family thing and you were acting sketchy.  You didn't even talk to me.  If Dean didn't tell me, I would have went home.  I was spraying this out. And he didn't --  but he did.  If he didn't say it, I would have went home.  I was going to pull you across here. He got to it first. He's sitting next to  you.  Before tribal she was with us 100%.  She was.  And you three --  we vote and you would be fine.  She has an idol. I'm telling you.  You're telling me now.  Noura, were you considering writing Tommy's name down? That's all I want to  know?  When they presented it, you consider it.  Okay.  Give me a second.  Noura got caught in a lie. She's trying to talk her way out of it.  All right. It's fine. If you don't want to -- all day long she's with us. Use  logic. Just use logic.  Noura is a liar.  Dan, I’m telling you the truth. All I want to do is get toll tribal.  When have you not trusted me.  I have always trusted me.  I have been telling you right now this is what's up.  Why?  They're taking advantage of the situation.  Now it all makes sense. Now I’m seeing it.  I'm not writing your name.  Lauren, put Lauren.  I am.  Okay.  I am.  How many times somebody lies to you and then you let them get away with it  and you give them a second chance? One time. If you get caught, that's it.  Yeah. Yeah.  <br/>We're good.  I never doubted it.  Okey-dokey.  Damn, Jeff.  Jeff: Noura, now that everybody else has stepped down, how are you feeling as  the one who instigated this?  I will say this, I did not instigate this. Actually Dean did when he started  talking to Tommy and smiling at him. He's laughing, Dean, don't look at  pretty Dean. He wants the lure you in with his pretty face, but he's full of  it. I'm just speaking my truth. I'm sorry.  Jeff, you got to tell people when they need to know things. A lesson is  learned.  Jeff: Are we ready to vote?  Yes.  Let's do it.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Janet, you're up.  I knew we couldn't trust her. I knew we couldn't trust her.  Oh, my gosh.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so.  I'll play it for myself. Sorry if it smells like feet.  Jeff: This is a hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast for Elaine will not  count. I'll read the votes. First volt, Karishma. Noura. One vote Karishma,  one vote Noura. Noura. Two votes Noura.  Damn, Noura, they screwed you.  She screwed herself.  Jeff: Three votes Noura. Karishma. That's three votes Noura, two votes Karishma.  Karishma. We're tied. Three votes, Noura, three votes Karishma. Karishma.  That's four votes Karishma, three votes north main Noura, on left. 13th  person voted out, seventh member of our injury, Karishma. You need to bring  me your torch.  Sorry, Karishma.  All of that talk just to vote out Karishma.  Jeff: Karishma, the tribe has spoken.  Jeff: Karishma, the tribe has spoken. I gotnology for you. Grab your torches.  Head back to camp. Good night. Captioning funded by cbs captioned by media  access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on Survivor when your head is spinning --  now is a basket case, but who doesn't love a crazy woman?  Jeff: And you roll the dice. Everybody is struggling with being dizzy, not only  in this game but right now. The game can turn upside down.  No one is coming for you and they can't. I need her out of this game because  she's going to win.  This game was an opportunity for me to learn about myself and what love means  to me. When I saw my husband, I saw a love that's more powerful than I ever  could imagine. That's the love of being accepted for who you are. I'm going  to go home with that feeling in my heart for the rest of my life.