<br/>you can't just do that anymore.  I don't trust anybody anymore.  I don't trust anybody anymore.  I know. I was kind of out of the loop on that. When people tried to tell you  about ron.  I want to know how my name came up.  I voted where I thought the votes were going. What do you want me to say to  you? I apologize.  Was I the weakest person out here? Was I not the person who helped with all  these things?  That wasn't it. It was Ronnie. That's why anybody wanted him out.  We got back the tribal. My ass is like maybe I should be nice. No, it's okay,  it's just a game. But I’m like, no, that's not who I am.  <br/>That's just how things go.  We don't need this to tear us apart. We're still a tribe. We still have to  move forward. Aaron was pretty mad, but that's perfect. With the guy gone,  the girl's alliance is in control, but I know we can still work together, so  he needs to stop crying. This is "Survivor." if people didn't want  to work with you, you would be gone.  I have zero trust in anybody right now. It's out the door. None.  We should earn it back.  Somebody's word means nothing to me.  You're mad and you deserve to be mad and I’m sorry. If you leave, we all lose  the game anyway and you know that.  That's ridiculous.  Everybody is saying the right thing, but I don't trust anybody at all. Fool  me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, that's not going to happen.  Unfortunately for them, their day will come.  This sucks.  I get it.  I get it.  Yeah, this is a really good idea.  Yeah. So that was really it.  The fact that we kept it going, that was me.  I got up and got soaking wet. And this could be that sense of urgency to help  ourselves, and not just sit lazy and selfish. And I didn't go to sleep last  night for us.  I had the walk away because she's just complaining. Lauren.  Did you ever feel, get up. People can't just sleep around anymore.  I don't feel like I was sleeping, so I feel innocent.  I just explained it. I think you answered it right there.  As each day goes by, it gets harder to the around Noura. She's annoying.  She's coming at someone at 6:00 a.m. When they just woke up isn't smart. No  one has ever picked on me because it's not that fun. I don't really care. We  all feel that it's wearing to be with someone 24 hours a day who can be a  grating personality. In "Survivor" you need to bite your tongue.  And Noura doesn't.  It's a pretty lazy tribe in my opinion.  What should we do to not be lazy?  Everyone should always bring wood and keep it by the fire. It should always  be there. People can just level up. BotTom line, we would not eat breakfast  every day, we would not have fire going continuously. Collect coconuts when  you go on your walks with your little talk. There's a lot of, let's just chill,  I’m fine. And Molly doesn't do anything. She's that caddie girl in high  school that's pop already and pretty and all the guys like but you as a girl  can see through. Molly is not that strong and not that helpful around camp.  She's like put together, knows how to talk and charm. It's just like, whoa,  that's how she's gaining everyone over. That's Dangerous. This is why I’m going  crazy right now.  I appreciate you and I do get you, but I want you the stay calm sometimesful.   I was going crazy.  That's what half this game comes down to, how much can you handle your  nerves. The "kumbaya" is wearing off and people's personalities are  showing through, you have to stay with them for 35 days.  I can't.  Maybe with me by your side you can.  That's true. I promise I will be -- i'll do my best to be more cool.  [maniacal laughing] you're cute, Jason.  Noura and I are clearly on the out, and Noura getting into trouble is a good  thing for my game, but I’m in this weird complex with Noura right now,  because she's my friend, and I got into trouble early. People kind of kicked  me to the side. The only person that really came to my aid was Noura. I feel  I owe her something. I really do.  They have an order of operation, me or you.  That's what it would be. So the question is --  who is making the decisions?  I have no idea.  I think it's Molly, Jamal, and Jack.  You think she's in control?  They're in control of a lot of decisions.  You think Jason out before Noura?  I really do  i think Noura is a huge liability.  You have a "revenge of the nerds" strategy where all the people  that are not the popular kids go against the three.  We're playing from the botTom. I'm a tag-along here. I can volt in any  direction one way or another.  This sucks. The three at the top, the king, the queen, and the Jack, the  royal party, they're the popular group that everyone is like, we're not  worthy, we're not worthy, we want to fit in with you, and me and Jason are  the underdogs, the misfit, the nerds, it's like high school all over again.  Nerds, it's like high school all over again. Nerds, it's like high school all  over again.  Making fire is something we've been talking about since day one, really hour  one of building the camp, but it's not easy. And it just didn't happen. The  first tribal council didn't go the way I wanted it to go, and now. This I’m beyond  frustrated.  Do you need more dry, like a coconut husk?  You can give it a go. If I were a gambling person, I would bet tonight we're  going to be wet and cold.  Watch out, you got a girl with a knife.  There you go. Chelsea is a fire starter.  Yeah, buddy.  Chelsea within like two minutes, she got the fire going, it shocked us. It  shocked me for sure.  Don't smother it.  We were both really happy she started the fire, but also, great job getting  that fire going, you just ruined my male ego for the rest of my life.  Firewood, guys, firewood.  I'm the one that started the fire. Great feeling, especially as a super fan.  I'm is happy I did it. I'm so proud of myself. I'm in a good position right now.  I have my five girls. We have the numbers, and the guys in this tribe are  cool, but the girls are the ones dominating. We can do anything they can do.  In fact, we're doing it better.  Oh. Oh. Congratulation, you have found a hidden immunity idol. Yes! My heart  was just thumping. I dreamed of this moment. I can't believe it happened. I  was pumped. I didn't go into collecting firewood expecting to find the idol,  but any smart "Survivor" player, you're going to gather things,  you're looking for an idol. There were so many people around, I was so  scared. I just had the keep my composure. Fortunately these guys don't know  what's going on. They don't know there is a girl's alliance. They don't know  how to make fire, and clearly they don't know how to find a hidden immunity  idol. I don't know what's going on in their heads, but the game has started,  and they're behind. Ommmm ommmm  okay. So now we're going to get into the physical part of the practice. And  it goes like this. Now we're going to do that 50 times. Ready? One, two,  three...  Yoga was interesting. We did the up-down things 15 times.  17, 18, 19.  It was exhausting, especially with the amount of food we had.  31, 32.  But Noura, she sounded like all yoga classes.  This is stimulating your parasympathetic nervous system.  I love it. This is a unique experience. And I’m realizing that I don't want  to be sitting behind a desk or wearing a suit. I want to have a freaking  adventure and have a really good time. So I feel really good here. Namaste,  y'all.  Hey, how many times do we get a boat?  Oh, baby, what do we got?  We got something!  Together as a tribe. Kellee must get on the boat and head to the Island of  the Idols. She will return to the camp by the end of the day.  It's okay. We all have to get it together.  I'm literally just numb. My body has gone into shock. I had to get on the  boat and go to the Island of the Idols. I'm freaking out, because I don't  know what it is.  Don't be nervous. We're here for you. You got this.  So I’m leaving the beach, leaving my time, and those two statements I just  kept repeag over and over and over again, assume nothing and think outside  the box.  I'm approaching the island, and I’m extremely nervous. I started thinking  about all the different things that Island of the Idols could be. I it could  be a few earns that I have to smash. There could be a bunch of idols and  clues on the island. Maybe something will pop out. This is crazy. Whoa. What?   Welcome.  Oh, my God.  Come on over.  Out pops Boston Rob and Sandra.  How are you?  Good, oh my gosh. It was very surreal. In my minds they're legends. They're  celebrities. I was like, should I freak out? Should I play it cool.  What's your name? Kellee.  Kellee, this is the "Island of the Idols." we'll explain everything  to you.  I thought, what if cochran greets me.  This is way better than cochran.  We are not competing, we cannot vote, we cannot win the $1 million prize. Our  job is to mentor you in the game of "Survivor" and then offer you a  chance to test what you've learned.  Okay. So they read it out loud. There is a line that catches my eye. What  does this offer youãºa chance to test what you've learned? What does that  mean?  We'll get to that in a minute.  Okay. I'm been to harvard. I've been the wharton. The reason I’m good for  tests because I practice for them. But going enter a test totally blind is  really scary.  What do you do?  I'm an mba at wharton. I went the harvard for undergrad.  Oh, cool, smarty pants.  I try not to be. I have a boyfriend.  What's his name?  Brock.  Brock.  You have any pets?  No. No pets. Okay. What is going on? Like what is happening? What is the  point of this?  You guys eating anything yet on your tribe? Are you in the majority.  You talked about first vote yet?  Rob is here, Sandra is here, jabbering, jabbering, jabbering.  I went to college at b.u. I went to a few harvard parties.  There are so many things happening some it's hard to concentrate on the  conversation.  So have you made coconut popcorn?  How did you meet brock  i've always wondered about chiropractors, are they legit?  So I have four dogs, four pomeranians.  I have rosie, she's 16.  Look, everything that happens on the island of the idol is a test.  Everything.  She's older now, so she's going half blind.  In the game of "Survivor," you always have to be paying attention.  It's a critical skill.  So rosy, papa, and then I have the two babies. Papa is going deaf.  Pay attention, Kellee, this is important. I married amber, who I was on  season eight. With we have four kids together, and Sandra has two girls, too  they're 235eu7b8gs and 21. Pi husband has been in the army 27 years. He's  still active duty. With Kellee, I think she was more trying to get her  bearings about what "Island of the Idols" was. When she should be  focusing on what we're telling her, because she didn't know it was going to  be her lesson.  When you first got here, we read you the oath. We told you that we were going  to give you an opportunity to test what you've learned. What you may not have  realized is that your lesson actually started the minute you arrived on this  beach.  Oh, God.  Fort piercing relationships based on listening and paying attention is a  critical skill that you need to have in this game.  When I start telling you about my family and things that are important to me,  then I need you to listen, because that's how me and you are going to form  bonds and trust, and that's what's important.  Since you've been sitting here, we learned a lot about each other. I know  that your boyfriend's name is brock. You went the harvard and wharton. But  the question is: How well were you paying attention to us?  Okay. Oh, my God. I'm going the read this to you.  Okay.  You now have chance to earn an advantage by testing how well you were  listening. We have five questions pertaining to information we just told you  about ourselves. If you get four right, you earn an immunity idol good at  either of the next two tribals that you go to. If you lose, you lose your  vote at the next tribal council.  I don't know. Let me think about it. The question is: Have you been listening  to us? And I’m like, not really. Like, no i've been freaking out in my head  this entire time. And I have a terrible memory. I really don't know if I can  answer the questions.  What if I sweeten the deal?  Okay.  You only have to get three out of five of the questions. And the idol is good  for one of your next three tribal councils. It's your decision to make.  This is like the biggest moment i've had yet in this game, so I’m just like  calculating everything. I could have an idol and that would be really, really  useful, especially for three tribals, or like lose my vote. It's a huge risk.   You came to win, right?  Yolo. Let's play.  Okay. It's on.  Oh, my God.  There are five questions. You have to get three right to win. You understand?   Yeah.  Okay. Sandra talked about her husband. Do you remember the branch of the  military he served in?  Uh... The army.  That's correct. That's one right. Here's the second question. Sandra clearly  loves her daughters. How many does she have?  Two.  Yes.  That's correct.  That's correct.  Oh, my God.  We're going for three.  Okay.  The only thing Sandra loves as much as her family are her dogs. Name one.  Papa.  We!  That's awesome. Here's your idol.  Oh, my God! Oh, my God!  Good for three tribal councils.  Oh, my God.  You did it.  I'm going to cry. I know that's really not a normal reaction when you get an  idol. I just put so much stress and pressure on myself, I don't just -- I think  the fear of failure.  We want you to succeed.  I need to celebrate the fact that I just got an idol, which is crazy.  There's one more thing we need you to do.  I want you to pick the next person from the other tribe to come here.  Okay. Thank you.  Kellee went the harvard. She's smart. She was analytical from the second she  walked into Island of the Idols. She definitely possesses the skills that are  needed in this game to win, and her tribe mates will be making a mistake by  underestimating her.  Kellee's back.  Why are you thinking?  I know everyone will want to know what happened. Do I have an idol. What was  it like?  I had a mental breakdown.  Really?  On an impulse I burst into tears and started crying. I want to throw the  suspicion off my back. It's like a man and woman made out of drift wood and 30,  40 feet tall, and there are three earns and you have to choose an urn. But I have  this idol and I have the rules. Where am I supposed to hide this. Where am I supposed  to hide this. I just like -- I like really paranoid about it.  Look at my clothes, look through my bags, please pat me down. Will you guys  look through. I'm crying, because I’m like, please believe me.  Kellee, you don't have to do that.  Little do they novi the idol in my hair. I have three or four people  literally hugging me and hit my hair. Less then a centimeter away from that  idol. But I have an idol no one knows about, so it's great.  Thank you. It's good to be back. Vokai getting your first look at if near Lairo  tribe. Ronnie voted out at first tribal council. All right. Let's get to  today's immunity challenge. First things first, got the take it back. Once  again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's chang, you're going to swim  out, release a lader from the ocean floor. You'll use it to retrieve a bag of  balls. You'll then race to the finish and land those balls in three targets.  First tribe the finish wins immunity, safe from the vote. In addition, you're  playing for reward. Spices. [screaming]  wow.  Jeff: Clearly worth playing for.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Jeff: Vokai, you have one extra person. You're going to sit somebody out.  I'm going to sit out.  Jeff: Lauren is going to sit out. Take a spot on the sit-out bench. Everyone  else take a minute to strategize, and we'll get going. All right. Here we go.  For reward and immunity, Survivors ready, go! Everybody in the water at once.  You got to get down and release the ladder, which is tethered to the botTom  of the ocean.  Right here, right here, right here.  Jeff: First you got the find the ladder. Then you got to get down and start  untying knots. Elizabeth is going down for Lairo. Jack and Janet for Vokai.  Lairo has their ladder released. They can start moving.  Is it untied?  Yeah.  Jeff: Vokai has their ladder. They can now start moving.  Good job.  Jeff: It is a lot of work to move a very the heavy ladder through the ocean.  Now you have to lift the ladder and get one person up to retrieve the bag.  Let's go.  Jeff: It's now Lairo in the lead as Vokai can't get to their bag. The water  pushing them all over the place. Chelsea going up very quickly for Lairo.  Yeah, Chelsea!  Jeff: Great teamwork by Lairo. They do not want to go back the tribal  council. Chelsea with quick work of it. That's how you do it on "Survivor."  Chelsea in the water. Go, Lairo, you're good. It is Vokai now getting closer  and closer to their bag. But they have definitely given up a lot of time.  Let's go, Vokai! You got this.  Where's the bag?  Jeff: Lairo now can't find the bag. Chelsea tosses the bag in the water, and  they can't find it.  We got plenty of time.  Jeff: That's opened the door for Vokai now. Vince has it.  Come on, come on. Come on.  Jeff: Vokai is struggling to hold the ladder. They can't. Catastrophe for Vokai.  It is one setback after another. Lairo now back in the lead. Vokai going to  give it another go. You got to get that ladder in the tracks. Holly working  on the knot. That lader is going down again. Molly can't get it done. Once  again Molly falls.  Come on, guys.  Jeff: Vokai having a horrible time of it right now. Lairo extending their  lead.  Let's go!  You got this.  Jeff: Molly going to give it another go.  You got this, Molly.  Jeff: Third time's the charm. They're good. Let's go, Vokai!  Let's go, Vokai!  Jeff: Now you got to land three balls in three targets. Lairo with a huge  early lead. Missy lands the first ball. Here comes Vokai. Vokai still has to  get their ladder in. Missy has one for Lairo. You're good, Vokai. You have to  get everybody across.  Go, go, go!  You have to go high.  Jeff: Lairo still has just one ball.  All right, you guys. You're still in this.  Jeff: You have to get a feel for this quickly. There are three targets. Lairo  has first one. They're going to switch out. Here comes Elaine now for Lairo.  She's got it. That's two for Lairo. Jamal with first one for Vokai. It is  two, Lairo, one, Vokai. Immunity on the line. Every challenge has an  opportunity the catch up, and this is it for Vokai. Jamal scores the second  for Vokai. We are tied 2-2. This is it right here. Missy going to come back  in. She thinks she can win it for Lairo. And she throws it completely off the  board. Missy versus Jamal for the win. Vokai just misses. Lairo wins  immunity, safe from tribal council sending Vokai to vote out their first  person. Lairo, congratulations. Nobody going home from Lairo. Cooking kit and  spices will be waiting for you back at camp. Grab your stuff, head out, enjoy  the night off. Vokai, tribal council tonight. Somebody will be the second  person voted out of this game. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. See you  tonight at tribal.  It's our first taste of loss, and everybody is on board to vote out Noura or Jason.  I do feel bad for them. Coming into this game, I knew it was going to be  really hard for me to take teacher Tommy, put that aside, and become "Survivor"  Tommy, but you can't put your neck out for somebody. It's every man for  themself.  It's a bummer.  It's not going the happen. It was hard.  I'm going to grab that firewood.  I just want to say, guys, I know you guys have been going back and forth  between me and Jason, and I’m just telling you, please keep me.  You want to help me see why?  I mean, I just want the leave it in your hands, because I don't want to go  through this back and forth?  You're going to vote for Jason?  I'm a very loyal person, but you guys are the whole group.  Is there a reason you want to talk strategy?  I think I want to do what you would like me to do. I just want to be here, so  that's all I want to communicate.  This vote is pretty straightforward. Jason and Noura are on the outs. I think  it is best to split the vote to avoid anything crazy should someone have an  idol. There is some concern that Jason did some searching early in the game,  so he's more Dangerous to keep around.  You definitely don't have an idol?  No.  Like this would be the vote I would need to play.  I have a tight alliance going on with Molly and Jack where we're trying to be  this unsuspecting alliance who move the vote underneath the radar.  We're officially good.  Awesome.  Jason  cool  i think we're impressed and surprised that we're handling this so well.  I will work hard. Give me another chance. I know we butted heads a little  bit. I won't get emotional, but you know I really want to be here.  I want to vote Noura out immediately.  All right.  Jack and Jamal have concerns about Jason. I don't.  I do think Noura is the easy vote, but I think it's also a smart vote because  Noura has proven to be erratic. Now we'll make an easy vote. We're going to  have a nice afternoon, and life will go on. Let's not mess it up.  I recommend a mid-day mass. -- nap.  I just want to chat for a second. What are we thinking? How are we feeling?  Well, I was told we're going to split votes?  Do we want to get rid of Noura first? Noura is easy.  But I think the boys want Jason?  Molly is trying the flip that.  What are your feelings about Molly?  I think she's a really smart player. And I think she has the men in the palm  of her hand.  She does.  And that's a lot of power.  That's a lot of power.  It would be a huge blind side.  We know Jason would do it.  We would have Jason, Noura.  I think we all need to be solid.  Hey, Molly, I’m watching you like a freakin' hawk, and I know your game. And  I’m not going to let your game play me, I’m going to play you. The biggest  threat right now is Molly, and a blind man could see these three are running  the game. Why get out the people like Noura and Jason when I can use them and  I don't have to be a sheep and be herded and be told what to do.  We have a king and we have the Jack. Are you picking up what I’m laying down?   Oh, baby, I got it.  Absolutely.  This is like fine music to my ears. Like I was like, are you kidding me?  Do you know what's going on?  Yeah.  Do you know what's going on?  Revenge of the nerds takeover happens now.  The "freaks and geeks," the freaks and geeks. Play it cool.  I sense the trade winds are blowing. That's to take out Molly. Am I 100%  certain of that? Hell no. It sounds too good to be true.  Don't Dance, don't Dance.  I can't help it.  Stop Dancing. There's in Dancing allowed. This is like "footloose,"  no Danceing.  They really want to get Molly out?  Who does?  All the girl, Kellee, Lauren.  Now?  It's a possibility as long as everybody is on board.  Not now.  This could be the only time.  But like I kind of have Jack in my back pocket, Jamal. I do think it's a  little too early to make this move, but they're petrified of Molly. We do  this move, the turmoil will be crazy.  Jack is going to be upand Jamal.  This happens, I’m losing two of my closest allies in Jamal and Jack. I am so  torn, because they feel like Molly has too much power in the game.  It's not the time.  I definitely would not go for that if you're not going for that.  So if you really want her out, i'll go with you. But the boys will freak out.  We can get Noura first or Jason. We have a really tough decision. Do you go  with the easy vote? Or do we really want the shuffle the deck and make a move  on your first tribal council? We have the cool kids. There's the nerds. As my  parents would always say, hang out with the right crew. This crew over here  is the cool lunch table, and I want to be there, because I want the hang out  with them, however, is the cool kids' table what's best for us and my future.  Which one is going to get me the "Survivor" $1 million?  Jeff: Behind each of you is a torch. Go ahead and grab a torch. Dip it in the  flame and get fire. This is part of the ritual at tribal council because in  this game fire represents your life and when your fire is gone, say it, Jamal.   So are you, right?  Jeff: That's it. Jason, let's go back to the beginning. Those first couple of  days can be very telling. You have a group of strangers and naturally some  people will just bond. Who did you notice out of the gate seemed to get along  well?  Everybody except me.  Jeff: Really?  Yeah. You mentioned that the first days are so important, but within hours of  the game starting, I was on the outside. And Jeff, let's just make this  clear, this has to do with paranoia. I have been in purgatory since day one  because the fear that I might be going to look for a hidden immunity idol.  The Island of the Idols season is basically preying on people's paranoia in  this game.  Jeff: Tommy, on the one hand, I’m sure you have some empathy for Jason, but  on the other hand, this could be an easy first vote.  I think that's the hard parted about it. No one wants to feel on the outs,  however, you don't want to be the one going home, especially in the first  tribal, so it could be an easy vote, and then let's start playing the game.  Jeff: Kellee, what did you see in relation to Jason and a bad start?  The think I think Jason made a mistake on is not recognizing what the group  culture was. The group culture was not to split up into small groups and go  explore the island. The group culture is to figure out what we were doing  with the shelter.  With all due respect, let's start call things as it is. I don't have a hidden  immunity idol. I don't plan on playing a hidden immunity idol tonight. This  is my bag. You can please go through my stuff.  He's trying hard.  You don't need to do that. It kind of offends me when you say you have within  in purgatory for the past few days now, because none of us feel like that.  We've all been like, Jason is really cool. Like we really enjoyed getting to  know you.  Jeff: Noura, when you're thinking about this game and building a new society  with your tribe, where do you fit with the group mentality versus the, yeah,  group is fine as long as it dovetails with my game?  I stick out, but I always stick out. I don't like to stick in, honestly. And when  I don't fit in, i'll be like, well, forget these people, i'll sit out. I've  done that. Most of my life I have been on the outs, that's given me a lot of  success in my life, because I don't follow the crowd. I do my own thing. As a  entrepreneur, it can be beneficial. But at the end of the day, what keeps you  warm at night, what makes you happy is fitting inch I’m not married. I don't  have kids. I'm single. You know, you start the look back at your actual life  and realized, okay, some of the pRoblems happening in my actual life are  being magnified in this game.  Jeff: Molly, one of the things that "Survivor" seems to show is  that it is very hard to change your core. Noura just gave a great example of  that. What's it like when you have that insight into somebody?  I think knowing that about her personality, you get it, oh, okay. But then  the tricky part is these first few days you're really sussing out how are we  going to play this game, and in this tribe there is a huge tribe culture.  Jeff: Noura, did you feel a little for Molly too little too late, yeah, I get  it, but while she was being on the outs, we were all in.  Yeah, I believe that.  Jeff: Can you unring the bell and start from scratch?  I mean, in my life I’m always used to treading water. I'm used to that. So  when people are like, Noura, take a break, relax, until I feel like I get  that break, i'll tread water until I drown.  Jeff: So, Dan, here's what I have learned so far. Jason got off to a rocky  started. Sounds like Noura also got off the a rocky start. Does that speak to  how fast this game is being played?  I think the people playing this game are a little level smarter than who is  irritating me today. You know, you have to think about all those other moves  that take you further in the game, what happens, you know, after they leave?  So I do think this is going to be more a chess play than a checkers play at  the end of the day.  Jeff: Jamal, if this is a car race, do you think the pedal is already to the  mettle?  No. We are definitely in first gear. I think "Survivor" is a slow  burn.  See, the pRoblem is you came the tribal feeling comfortable and that you  didn't even bring any bags tonight.  Uh, oh.  Wouldn't you say I’m playing at a different speed than you're playing at  right now when me and Noura have had the basically fight for our lives?  Jason, you are playing from the botTom in a picture-perfect way. You're doing  everything right. But the game you're playing now is not the game I have to  play right now. It will be, and I know that, but it's not the game I have to  play right now.  Jeff: Lauren, what gear do you think the game is in?  I think the game is in fourth gear. I believe that once you step on that  beach, you have to play this game whole wholeheartedly. And if you don't,  then you might be going home.  Jeff: Kellee, before we vote, wrap up what we just heard.  I think there are a lot of contradictions in how everyone is feeling about  the group. Versus their own individual game versus what we have to do  tonight. And it's really sad, because we're all going the walk out of here,  and this group is going to be gone forever.  Wow.  Jeff: I can't think of a better way the wrap it up and lead us into the vote.  Jack, you're up.  Molly, it's time for your reign to end, my queen. It's time for the misfits  and the nerds and the outsiders to finally feel like they belong.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want the play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. I'll read the votes.  First vote, Jason. Noura. Molly. Jason. Two votes Jason. Molly. Two votes Molly.  Molly. That's three votes Molly, two votes Jason, one vote Noura. Molly.  That's four votes Molly, two votes Jason, one vote Noura. Second person voted  out, Molly. That's five, that's enough. You need to bring me your torch.  Dang, they played her.  Jeff: Molly, the tribe has spoken.  Good luck, guys.  It's time for you to go.  Bye, Molly.  Jeff: Well, there is a brutal but exhilarating truth that accompanies every  blindside -- if it could happen to them, it could happen to you. This tribe  is definitely not in first gear. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good  night. Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," in a game of manipulation --  how do you feel working with us?  I'm down.  Suddenly now I’m a bro. You all are stupid.  Jeff: -- there will be blood.  Oh, my. I can see my bone.  Jeff: And an impossible mission.  Tonight you must sneak into the other tribe's camp.  Jeff: I’m stunned, hurt, and frankly dizzy from this blindside. I have seen  so many blindsides on "Survivor," and you're always like, how did  they not know, and I truly did not know. I'm not sure where I went wrong or  what happened or how this tide turned. I guess I got cocky and i've been  humbled.