<br/>[screams] whoa, whoa, whoa! Oh  my... I can see my bones the tribal Molly went home and Jason stayed. Yeah!  This proved to me that my tribe would play with me, but Jack and Jamal will  be angriment it still was a total blind side.  Do you guys want to talk? Anybody?  I'll go with you.  Wow. I was blind sided. I clearly was not a part of the vote, had no idea  what was actually happening. This was an eye-opener. I know I have a lot of  work to do. Where am I at with the group?  It wasn't necessarily Jack, he's going to win this game or Jamal he's going  to win this game, they're threats. It was they were petrified of Molly.  That make sense. I was just surprised. Like it's the game "Survivor."   are you smiling?  Yeah. I mean, that was just amazing. I really truly do want to rebuild these  relationships with Jamal and Jack, but Jamal is much harder than Jack. You do  him wrong once, he's never going the come back to you, so now I have to do  damage control with Jamal. I don't know what to do. We can't lose you two,  because where would we be?  It is her fault they wasn't included, so I am the wild card now.  Wow.  Yep.  I'm in the happy that this happened. It doesn't feel good. So forgive. Don't  forget. I forgive the tribe. I understand where you're coming from. Cool. Not  going to forget it.  You a morning person? Do you like mornings?  No, I hate the mornings.  Is that right?  All the girl goss?  One, two, three. The women have a girls' alliance. It's when all the girls  get together. On the outside it seems like a bonding experience.  Inappropriate.  But for me it's all an act. That's really difficult for me. I'm in my  underwear, which I’m conservative by nature. We don't show our bodies as  much. We cover up. I'm here representing an entire community of people, and I  don't know how people are going to feel about a 37-year-old married indian  woman running around in her underwear. But I have to make the girls feel as  though I feel strong about our alliance and that because we have the numbers  that and if that means being in my underwear, so be it.  Oh, my God.  What are you guys thinking?  Clearly the girls are really coming together and really bonding. That worries  me, because there are four guy, there are five girls. They can easily get together  and say, we can just pick these guys off one at a time, what do we need them  for, so we need to make sure that tribal dynamic does not happen.  Here's the thing, though. If we're going to sit here and talk as four guys,  we have to make sure it stays with us, right?  How do you feel working with us?  I'm down. Totally.  If they bring you an idea...  They can talk about it. At the end of the guy, they have numbers. The guys  never talk strategy with me. Now we're down in numbers and suddenly I’m a  bro. Y'all are stupid. I know that Aaron wanted me out. So I can't trust him.  At this point I’m like, yo, I am going to work with y'all if july y'all want  me to. If the ladies have control of the game, wonderful. I'll work with the  women.  I think after last night's tribal it was clear that Jack and Jamal were  naive. I like nothing better than naive players.  There we go.  But it's a fresh start today. I think my strategy moving forward is win-win.  I want it to be a win for the tribe and a win for me.  You don't need the magnesium, guys, just a little hint.  The win for me and the biggest win for the tribe for next vote is Noura.  Obviously Jack and Jamal could be okay with it.  How about every time someone goes down the path, they bring back wood.  It would be statistically impRobable to get on everybody's nerves, and she's  accomplished that.  I'm going the lead people to a decision that is best for them that happens to  be good for me. Right now, next vote, five people. If five people want to do  something and have committed to it, that's what happens. The question is who  goes home.  Okay.  Who are you thinking?  I think we can go 8-1 on Noura and now one is upset.  Noura is an easy vote. I think it makes sense because Noura is the one person  that will maybe not stay with our tribe.  Noura is our plan.  I think everyone is very excited about getting rid of Noura, and if we have  to think about going the tribal having to see a nice easy unifying vote, but  as someone who feels on the outs, I 100% reserve every right to go rogue and  do whatever the hell I think is best for me. I just feel like I want to have  agency. I want my moves to be mine and take back control of this game. It's  like I need to see it before I believe it now. There's a lot of scepticism. I  don't want that to be --  it's Noura.  Exactly.  Dan has that quick-talking used car salesman vibe to him that just makes you  feel icky when he's trying to get you to do something. So right now I’m thinking  that I could possibly make a move against Dan.  Okay, here's my pitch, you have expressed a little bit of discomfort,  wariness of Dan. I think you've said that in the past. I'm starting to get  very squirrely about Dan. I think he's too quick talking, too kind of be  garting -- bogarting with his words. I don't think he'll have my best  interests at heart.  Jamal made a valid point. How about I talk to Tommy, too?  Yeah.  I mean, Dan is a suit. He knows the game. And he's too big of a presence. Dan  is not a bad move. Would you vote Dan?  This is a power move for Jamal. Are we doing it for us or Jamal? I love Jamal.   I do, too.  Jamal is coming on way too strong.  Say we don't go with this, do we consider Jamal?  I have the keep thinking, what's best for me in the long run? Jamal is  extremely Dangerous, so maybe Jamal is the best vote for my game.  Let's get that sucker in there. Let's go.  All right. I'm going to have to go see.  Go see the doctor.  Oh, my. I can see my bone. Yep, yep, yep. I can see my bone. Yep, I can see  my bone. Guys, I’m getting really light-headed. Guys, I’m getting really  light-headed. Today I go stab my hand right through to the bone. So I got  down on my hands and knees an I put my head down to make sure I didn't faint  or hurt myself anymore. And then the blood started oozing and bubbling out,  and I could hear conversations behind me. Nobody came to me. I'm on the  ground. Not 15 feet away.  Yeah, baby. Anyone else, everybody would have rushed to them. I think people  just don't care about me. I don't think that it hurts anyone's game to show  some humanity. This is not a big deal. Let's be real. It's not a big deal,  but I was bleeding.  No big deal, just sit down.  You can tell when people don't want the play with you by the way they treat  you at camp. If I would have chopped my head off, they wouldn't have  flinched. Each and every person on this tribe is dead to me. Hello!  Oh, somebody is yelling.  Oh.  We're being summoned.  Oh, it's a note. Oh, my God, it's a note. Thank you.  Ouch.  Breathe together as a tribe. Vince must get on the boat and headed to Island  of the Idols. He will return to camp Tomorrow morning.  How did I get chosen?  At the Island of the Idols, I did have chance to win an idol, but I lost that  chance, but I do know it's a possibility to win an idol there.  Bye, Vince.  So odds are Vince comes back with an idol, and we need to flush it.  He's going to go there and pRobably get an idol.  Say he comes back Tomorrow, do we try the flush it right away? Then we just  split the vote.  Agreed.  Huh? Huh?  After Vince left, we all looked at each other and the dumb-dumb I was, I opened  my mouth as any "Survivor" would do, split the vote, that's smart  thing to do, because if you're splitting the vote, one of those people is the  one you're splitting it against. Was everybody thinking it, yes, did it need  to be verbalized, yes? Dean blurts, oh, we split the vote. I knew in that  moment, 100%, it's me. If Vince comes back with an idol, I’m gone.  Up until now I have not been put in a situation like this. I am super worried  that people will start formulating plans to go against me. But this is what  "Survivor" Gods give you.  Whoa. Maybe it gives me an opportunity to change my game.  Welcome.  No way.  Come and give me a hug.  Oh.  How are you?  Out pops Boston Rob and Sandra. I'm just like, what is going on.  Come on, brother.  You're in shock?  Yeah, I am. I don't get star struck very easily, I don't, but you two are  amazing players. Sandra is a powerful woman of color who won twice. I had to  pull myself together. I was like, oh, boy.  Where you from, man?  I'm, sorry.  You don't know where you're from?  I've been watching you two. So the see you in real life.  Vince was instantly overcome with emotion. It's like a humbling feeling to  know that we've been out here just doing the show and it's had such a big  impact on this guy's life.  Sorry, sorry.  It's awesome.  Maybe a little awkward to see a grown man cry, but I’m hoping that they were  able to realize just how influential you can be in a game like this.  All right, Vince. Let me see if I can tell you how it's going to work.  Everybody that comes to the Island of the Idols gets a lesson.  Okay.  An your lesson today is about staying calm under pressure. "Survivor"  is full of situations where you encounter tons of pressure. You know, your  emotions have to be in check in this game. So for your test, tonight you must  sneak into the other tribe's camp and steal fire by lighting this torch.  You're going to have to get so close to them it's a big-time risk. If they  don't have fire, you're going to have to figure out how to bring us proof  somehow. If you return with fire and without getting caught, you earn an  immunity idol good for your next two tribal councils. If you get caught, you  lose your vote for the next tribal council. The question is, do you have the  confidence to attempt such a daring feat, or will you play it safe and pass  up this shot at an advantage?  I feel like this is really an impossible mission. It does scare me a lot to  think about how this is going to go down, but this may be my only opportunity  to get an immunity idol at this point in the game.  I would just risk it and do it. I'll take the test, yeah.  All right. Let's get to work. I got map of the other tribe's camp.  Uh-huh. You're going to get dropped somewhere over here on the beach. Three  different ways to approach their camp. It comes with a flag. You can come  this way or you can come through the back.  This is going to be your best bet, because we want you to be successful. What  you see on map is small scale compared the what you actually have to do. It's  late at night. In total darkness. He doesn't know the area, the terrain where  he has to go. He may have to low crawl. Hopefully you won't, but I’m going  the teach you how to low crawl. This one is going to be hard, but I’m going  to give him all my five years of military training.  The other thing is, with this torch, you're going to have to approach it low  and almost parallel to the ground. "Island of the Idols" is like a Survivor-style  bootcamp. Use your peripheral vision. Be aware of your surroundings. But in Vince's  particular situation, it was almost like a actual bootcamp.  Look down.  We're teaching Vince how the stay calm under pressure. Approach the fire.  You go in.  Sandra is taking it a couple steps too far, as usual.  In matter how silly it may look. You need the make it happen. Going into the  other tribe's camp in the middle of the night without getting seen and  stealing fire when one person on their tribe is sure to be awake is more than  difficult. Good luck, Vince.  It's not going to be easy. There's still nine people left in the tribe.  I wish I could go with him.  And do what?  Help him along the way, I don't know. You'll make too much noise in the bush.   You're crazy. I'm stealth mode.  When I got to Vokai, it's pitch black. It's is dark out here, I can barely  see anything. Rain is coming down. My shoes are making sounds a bit. And I see  there is a structure somewhat. At this point I’m like, I’m here. My heart is  beating like crazy, an I’m hoping that no one wakes up, because if they do,  then I’m screwed.  Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.  What's wrong?  What's going on?  Bad dream.  Sorry.  If I go in there and their fire is dead. They ain't got nothing at all. I  realize they're a bunch of dummies on the other side and they don't keep  their fire dry. So the best alternative for me to collect as much ash as  possible to let Sandra and Rob know that I did my best with what I was given.  I adapted. I unskew my water bottle and I’m just like shoveling cole into my  canister. And when that is done, I just bust out of there. I'm just little  bitty old Vince with ninja skills. Mission impossible. [laughing] I’m pretty  sure Tom cruise couldn't handle this. I was calm under pressure and I still  was able to sneak in and get remnants of what we had initially planned to  get. And I’m hoping they will see that I have put in all the work.  All right, Vince. The lesson was to remain calm under pressure. You  physically went to their fire, and it was out.  It was out. Few but you got ashes?  I did.  Sandra, it's close.  He didn't get caught. It's not his fault that it rained. It's not his fault  that the fire was out.  You know what I like about this? You adapted in the face of adversity. I  think we're going to call this a win.  Yes!  Immunity. You earned it.  It's crazy to have this in my hand. This is what everyone dreams of getting.  This idol is only good for the next two tribal councils. So I just have to  make sure that I use it appropriately. But this is wonderful to have power in  the game. Let's get to today's immunity challenge. First things first, i've  got the take it back. Once again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's  challenge, one person from each tribe is going to swim out to retrieve a key.  The rest of the tribe will then dive in and climb up on to a teeter totter  where you must balance as a group while retrieving two bags of puzzle pieces.  You'll then use the key to unlock the last set of keys. First tribe to solve  their puzzle wins immunity. In addition you're playing for reward in the form  of comfort.  Oh, my God. Just what we need.  Jeff: Cushions, blankets, chairs, a hammock.  Keep going.  Jeff: And a tarp. [applause]  yes!  Jeff: Losers tribal council where somebody will be the third person voted out  of this game. I'll give you a minute to strategize, and we'll get it on. All  right. Here we go. We have Elizabeth swimming for Lairo, Janet swimming for Vokai.  For immunity and reward, Survivors ready? Go! It's Elizabeth and Janet in the  water in the showdown role.  Yes, Janet.  Jeff: Wow. Both women are ripping through the water. Elizabeth with a lead,  but Janet is staying right there.  You got it, Janet.  Jeff: Elizabeth is going to get here first. You've got the dive down now and  untie that buoy. Janet is at her net. She dives down.  Good job.  Jeff: Elizabeth is up. An she's got the key that will open up an early lead  for Lairo. You're good. Go, Lairo.  Jeff: Janet still underwater now.  Here we go, Janet.  We got this, Janet.  Jeff: Janet back now, giving Lairo a big lead. Now you got to get everybody  up on the teeter totter. The last person up is the person who must retrieve  the bag. Janet is going to go to the maps now. This is a huge setback.  Oh, my God.  Go that way.  Jeff: Lairo now can take their time trying to distribute that weight evenly  on the teeter totter.  Come here a little bit.  There goes Missy now. She's going to have to work down the beam to release  that first bag.  I'm safe. I'm stable.  Jeff: Janet has the buoy! Let's go, Janet. Kick it into gear. You never give  up on "Survivor."  come on, come on, come on.  Jeff: You're good, Vokai. Vokai in the water. They're back in it now. Vokai  is going to have to make up a lot of time and have to work together very well  on that teeter totter.  Too much, too much.  No, no, no.  Jeff: Now you have to communicate. How much do you tilt that weight so she  can reach the bag. Missy is close.  Okay.  Jeff: You have to get right out on that edge.  Take your time.  She's got to untie it. The more time she takes. The more she opens the door  for Vokai, and that are quickly getting back in this.  Come on, baby girl.  Jeff: Missy has the first bag. Drops it. She's going the leave it there and  go for that second bag. We've got a challenge. Vokai gets on their teeter  totter very fast. They are making up time now.  Walk out a little bit.  Missy now making her way toward that second bag. It is never over until it is  over. And this is far from over.  <br/>Everybody on Vokai now has the hang of it.  Come with me.  Jeff: Missy now, really Dangerous move around Tom who is a big dude.  Come here,.  Jeff: Missy is there. Nice work by Missy.  Little more, little more. A little more.  Jeff: Getting closer.  We got it. We got it. He's helping her. That's how you got to do it. You got  to work together.  Here we go.  Jeff: Kellee has the first bag for Vokai. Kellee trying to make up time,  quickly moving past her tribe.  Great job, Kellee. Keep doing what you're doing and take your time.  Jeff: Missy has her second bag.  Everybody jumps. They still have one bag in the water. Aaron is going that.  Lairo heading back now with both bags. It's Lairo with the lead. You guys are  good. Start working on the puzzle. We have Karishma and Dean for Lairo. We  have a spine. They're building a fish. There are four fins. Fins will go in  last. Kellee stretched out. She does it. Get in.  The other way?  Jeff: Lairo has had a big lead, but there is a stalemate right now. No  progress being made. Vokai, you're good. Start working on the puzzle. We have  Lauren and Jamal for Vokai.  Right there.  Jeff: After all of that effort, we are dead even now.  BotTom.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Jeff: Dean with first piece for Lairo.  Oh, yes.  Yes.  Jamal with first piece for Vokai.  There we go.  Lauren with another piece for Vokai. Once you start figuring it out, you'll  get a rhythm going. Pieces are going the start jumping at you as they are for  Vokai. Jamal with another piece.  Look at the color scream. Red on the right, green goes on the left. Come on.  Jeff: Another piece by Vokai. They were so far behind, it almost looked like  it wasn't going the happen, and now they are in the alito.  Turn it the other way, turn it the other way.  Jeff: Karishma and Dean feeling enormous pressure as they have but one piece  on their puzzle.  Right there, right there?  Is this it? Is this it, guys?  Jeff: Dean and Karishma with another piece, but they are still far behind.  Vokai kicking it into another gear. There's another piece. You have to get it  tocts, Lairo.  Jamal with another piece. Down to their fin. Lairo is dead in the water.  Jeff! Jeff!  Jeff: Vokai very close now.  Jeff!  Jeff: Vokai has it. Vokai wins immunity and reward sending Lairo back the  tribal council. Vokai, congratulations. Immunity goes back the your tribe.  Your reward in the form of comfort will be waiting for you back at camp. No  tribal council tonight. Head down the steps. Enjoy the night off. Lairo,  tribal council tonight where somebody will be the third person voted out of  the game. See you tonight at tribal.  I think what we're seeing right now is where the bottleneck is with this  tribe. It comes down to our ability to do puzzles. Today we absolutely blew  it. Unfortunately Karishma shot herself in the foot, but by Vince going to  the island of the idol, there's a lot left unknown with what happened over  there, so for us Vince is a top priority to go home.  When we got back from the challenge, people were mad that we lost. We had the  big lead. We should have won that today.  She doesn't do the puzzle.  There's a lot of thought going on that Karishma screwed up in the challenge,  but because Vince was off at Island of the Idols and all likelihood has an  idol, the target is on him. Now we have to figure out splitting votes  assuming that he has an idol. We have to get Vince, but we're weary of an idol.   So Karishma? He doesn't play his idol, he goes home.  Perfect. We have to make sure it goes right down.  So the four boys are going to go Karishma. You five girls are going to vote Vince,  plus the idol?  I want the run through the numbers. Right now the girls have the majority.  The men are on the ropes. Why would we go into the plan that the men set up  and put Karishma up as a minority vote? Vince has shown from day one he's not  going to go to the men's side. I say we keep him for our numbers.  Let's say there's six of us, five girls plus you, of those guys, who can you  lose and still be okay?  My thing is Tom is a liability when it comes to physical endurance. Today  homeboy was huffing and puffing.  Aaron and Dean are strong, young, athletic people, so dedo we shoot for Tom?  With the majority, there wouldn't be much bloodshed on anyone's hands. So we  have five girls plus Vince, I’m down to get Tom out, because if we write Tom,  the other girls will write Tom an we can make that happen.  I don't want to see Tom go. He's become our dad. He's an athlete. We connect  on a different level than all of the other players. And I believe Elaine  feels the same, too. We vote out Vince, I think that's our easiest vote. I  don't think anybody will be mad at that.  I am very nervous going the tribal council tonight. Not only have I been on  the outs in the tribe for the past few day, but I also lost the puzzle. What  are your thoughts?  I think we just stick to the girls alliance and we can all go Tom.  Only name people are willing to write down are Karishma.  Mo, they're not, girl. You have to push what you want.  What I want --  you can't just keep saying --  i want people the play the game.  But you can't keep saying that. If you want someone, you right now, if you  think you're at the botTom, you need to tell us who you want out. When you  play with players like Karishma who do not give you name, it gets me so riled  up. It's like, girl, you are the one who is on the chopping block. Give us a  damn name. I don't know what to do anymore. Honestly, she's an easy vote. The  only reason I want her is for numbers.  I'm too old for. This I’m different than everyone.  Just vote Tom.  You sure? Okay.  Yesterday that test allowed me to see how well I work under pressure, how  well I can keep calm when it comes to situations like this one today, and so  I am going to bring my hidden immunity idol, because it's only good for the  next two tribal councils that I go to, and if it turns out that I feel my  name is coming up, that's definitely going to have the play it.  Tom.  I'm thinking of the pros and cons.  Right now we're still tr-t to figure out, do we want to put the majority of  the votes on Vince with a back-up option of Karishma in case he plays an  idol, or Tom?  The thing with Tom, he's just chilling in the shelter. He has no idea his  name is being thrown around. If we vote out Tom, I still have my girl  alliance, the only issue is the guys coming back the camp mad at us because  the girls put all the votes on Tom, but the tribe is basically being run by  the women right now, and I don't think the guys even realize it. And Vince,  he's pretty aligned with me and the girl, so I would be voting out a  potential ally in this game, and I don't want the look back and think that's  where I went wrong.  Jeff: All right. So, second tribal, you're not newbies anymore. Tom, in the  hours leading up to tribal, did you think this was the same vibe as first  tribal, or was there a different sense?  I felt a different sense. We've had a great team, but we've lost twice the  same way. We have led the physical portion, and we get to a puzzle and we  don't win. When we have people step up and say, I’m going to do the puzzle  and then they don't do it, that's disheartening. I think people are starting  to point fingers.  Aaron, it looked like you were nodding in agreement.  <br/>It was frustratingment we deliver them a lead, and the last two puzzles,  we're 0-2. People need to step up and say, I’m not good at puzzles, because  if every time this tribe has to go up against a puzzle, we're going the wind  up back here.  Jeff: Karishma, you had a big reaction? Did you feel a finger-pointing at  you?  You heard what Tom had to say and Aaron had to say. They were clearly  pointing the finger at me. I want to respond and say, this tribe has not seen  what I can do athletically yet. I'm 5'9". I'm built very wide and  strong. I can pRobably pick Chelsea up and throw her across the room, not  that I would every do, that but I know when push comes to shove and it's for  my tribe, I can push harder than anyone has ever seen and I know it.  Jeff: Is this coming from a place that this might be me going home and it  shouldn't be.  Absolutely. Forget strength for a second. There are so many other ways on  "Survivor" you can be an asset. I snow sometimes maybe I’m on the  outs and I can understand why, I’m not necessarily like a lot of the people  on my tribe, I’m a little bit different and it's hard for me to relate, but  that does not mean that I cannot be a strong ally in this game.  Jeff: What is it about you that feels different than the others on this  tribe?  Well, I’m older than Chelsea, Missy, and Elizabeth, and I find myself sitting  there as an audience member to their sorority at times. And they know it as  much as I know it.  It was never our intention to make you feel like that. You're one of the  girls. And you have to remember that.  Jeff: Elizabeth, everybody here has already thought about the end and a final  three and a final five and a final seven. So when does the game shift from  keep the tribe strong to keep my tight group strong?  I feel like we're definitely approaching that. If we want to move forward as  individual players, we have the look at the numbers that we personally have  and see if those are the numbers that will carry us to a swap or a merge or  to the final three, whatever it is.  Jeff: Tom, does that surprise you that only on day eight people are already  thinking, maybe I just keep my group strong.  Well, given that we've lost twice it doesn't surprise me at all. I came into  this thing with the goal to never lose a challenge and already we've lost  twice. So I want the win. We clearly have a pRoblem. I want the pRoblem  fixed.  Jeff: Elaine, no matter how many times I ask Tom a question, the answer has  been the same thing -- I want to win. I want the get rid of the people who  are making us lose.  I kind of think that's just dad. Basically as long as he don't feel shafted,  then he's giing to stay true to what he says. To me that's important, because  later on I feel like when the game moves forward or whatever, you need that  trust.  Jeff: Aaron, where are you right now in terms of I’m trusting my gut and I’m not  going to let what I heard tonight influence me?  I'm 100% going in with the plan that I came to with my alliance. Nothing has  changed.  Jeff: Vince, have you been influenced at all tonight?  New york I mean, you really just have to trust the people who you have said  you're connected with, and, you know, don't let the paranoia set in. I think  that's the biggest thing that you can do for yourself here and that you and  your allies, go with the plan and stick with the plan.  Jeff: How about you, Tom? Have you been influenced tonight? Or is this a lot  of talk, let's get to it?  A lot of talk. Let's get to it.  One second.  Tom, what do you think is happening when you say this is an act? An act for  who?  I understand why she's doing it. She's scrambling so she thinks she's on the  hot seat. So she wants to show that she's trying the change the plan. And I don't  buy it at all.  Jeff: All right. It is time the vote. Elizabeth, you're up.  This was intended for Vince, but as someone once said, split the vote.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. I'll read the votes.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: First vote, Tom. Karishma. Karishma. Karishma. Three votes Karishma.  One vote Tom. Vince. Vince. That's two votes Vince,. Vince. We're tied. Three  votes Vince, three votes Karishma, one vote Tom. Vince. That's four votes Vince,  three votes Karishma, one vote left. Third person voted out, Vince. You need  bring me your torch.  He's leaving with an idol in his pocket.  Jeff: Vince, the tribe has spoken.  Good luck, all.  Jeff: Well, you may suck at puzzles, but you're really good at blindsides.  Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night. Captioning funded by cbs  captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," when romance blossoms --  oh, this is perfect.  Me and Chelsea, that's something that has to get swashed.  Jeff: You must protect your secrets.  One of you muss go to the Island of the Idols.  This could blow up my game.  To your right.  I was just blindsided I guess you can say. I did bring the idol in my water  bottle. And I was thinking of being like, Jeff. First time in "Survivor"  history. I relied too much on the trust that I had with the women. It's an  unfortunate situation, and I think that really bit me in the butt.