<br/>They're too damn close  oh, my God.  Karishma, do you understand what happened tonight?  I do. No hard feelings. No, I completely understand. It's a game.  You guys are great.  Tonight at tribal, I had a gut instinct that there was some plan in place to  take me out. Fortunately I was the plan "b," but I still got three  votes. What that tells me is that to this tribe I am expendable. So unless  something drastic changes, my life in this game is about to go out. These  people have already made the decision, easy peasy done.  Yeah!  Karishma feels like she is on the outside, and I know how she's feeling. That  was me after the first vote. But i've been able to pick myself back up, and  now I feel like I’m calling the shots. So, yeah, Karishma, she's an easy  vote. However, there are other people that might be better. In this game, one  of the things you have to be careful of is when people are coupled together.  An Dean an Chelsea, they're too damn close. When you've got two people  sleeping on top of each other, that's Dangerous. What you have there is a  potential power couple. That's something that has to get squashed.  Howl did you say you were?  28.  28? How old are you?  27.  27. Oh, this is perfect.  I mean, we did sleep together last night. You know what that means when you  sleep next to each other.  On the first date.  Chelsea, she's got some spunk to her. She's a cutie for sure. She can come  back at you with a quip. She can hang in there with the boys, and I really  this like that about her. So, yeah, I’m super drawn to her.  He's a cute boy, but, no, I’m not here for no showmance. That always messes  up people's games.  Is don't with Chelsea or not?  Absolutely.  Well, if he doesn't help you in some way, then...  Based off of his performance.  He don't help.  Exactly. If we remove that connection, even better. Dean and Chelsea are  snuggling up, and that could mess up the girls' alliance. So in "Survivor,"  you always have to have more than one plan. So me and Aaron, we have a lot in  common. We both went to the military academy. We both have had some  experience in the outside world and being african american, an we're both  very competitive, so we're willing to make a big move. So maybe we do get rid  of Dean, because with Dean out of the way, it would break up the pair. An Chelsea  will come become to me and Elizabeth. We'll get the sorority sisters back  together.  I think Karishma, as long as she stays another day, she'll do whatever.  We let her go when we need to let her go. She's annoying as hell right now,  but you know what? That's "Survivor."  with the raft?  With the raft.  We'll keep the raft shallow until everybody is ready.  You going?  I'm not. I'm staying up here.  Oh.  The sun at high noon doesn't appeal to me.  This morning in the Vokai tribe, I could not shake this feeling that gets  implanted into your bones when you're one of two people left out of a vote.  See you around.  Have fun.  Having been left out of the Molly vote really kick started me into making  sure I’m protecting myself. Everyone is going out to the water. Jason was  going for a walk, an I’m like, if I didn't look for the idol right now I would  be stupid. This is the perfect scenario. Dealing with change has been any  whole jam for the past few years. I was in a rough relationship. I was not  treating myself with grace, and I was not feeling great about myself. The end  of that relationship was really trying for me. But the lesson that I learned  from that was how to take things in stride to move really slowly, to not get  too worked up about things, be in tune with my surroundings and be here in  space and time. Because when you're present, when you're observant, when  you're connected in the here and now, moments reveal themselves to you.  "congratulations. You have found a hidden immunity idol. When played at  tribal council, any votes cast against you will not count." there it is  in all its glory. The Island of the Idols immunity idol. Pretty, huh? It is  really awesome to find an idol, especially with the tribe who is starting to  get lulled into a sense of complacency that they're in control of me. Wrong.  Do I hear a boat?  Boat's coming. Boat's coming.  Serious?  The boat's coming.  It's a bag.  Thank you.  Should we read it here?  All right.  One of you must come to the Island of the Idols.  Oh, my gosh.  It must be unanimous decision.  Oh, my God.  Dissension from a single member requires you to draw from the bag. The name  chosen gets on the boat immediately.  Oh, my God.  I feel like we should just draw.  Just draw.  Whoever goes to the Island of the Idols is going to know what I know and can  blow up my game or get closer, and we better get closer.  I don't know, choosing out of the bag seems like a cop-out.  Wow, I like it.  Here's a question: Does somebody want to go?  Most "Survivor" players know that just the act of going, just like  the act of searching for the idol, is going to put a target on your back.  I don't want to go. I was like, I’m not going. I'm staying right here.  My "Survivor" fan side of my brain is like, you have to get that  idol, you got to go, dude. And then my mom side of the brain is like, you  don't need to go, you're going to be by yourself out there, just stay, you're  safer with numbers. No one wants to go, really in.  Really?  My whole game is about lowering my threat level and making other people more  threatening, so there's no way I’m going to volunteer.  I would go.  Really?  Yeah.  We're here the play this game, an I’m a risk taker. I quit my job as a p.t.a.  To become a entrepreneur, so to me it was a in brainer. I want to go. I'm  going to the Island of the Idols, and I get to figure out what this is about.  I'm excited. We're going to have some fun. I see first a man's face. It's a  kind of handsome man's face. To me it kind of looked familiar.  Welcome.  Hi!  How's it going?  I feel so loved right now. Hi. I'm Noura.  I'm Rob.  Of course I know who you guys are. Wow, Boston Rob and Sandra. I'm super  excited to see them and meet them in person. Sandra is a two-time winner.  Boston Rob is a winner. I can't believe no one else jumped on this. These are  experts that are coming to you.  How is it going?  It's going well.  Have you eaten anything?  I'm openingen coconuts like crazy.  Have you had watermelon?  We have watermelon.  Yes!  I've never seen someone so excited.  Watermelon is my favorite thing. They welcomed in me. Maybe I can talk to  them act what's going on with my game and they can give me some advice.  Cheers.  Cheers, guys. Oh, my gosh, this is so amazing. Why is this so small. I am not  a typical "Survivor" player. I feel like a novice, and if anyone, I  need these guys. In that moment, I’m like, I’m in the right place at the  right time.  Let me fell you in a little bit.  Okay.  So everybody that comes to the Island of the Idols gets a lesson. And your lesson  today is about the art of persuasion.  Oh, wow. I need that.  Persuading people in this game is a very important skill that every player  needs to have. In order to persuade someone effectively, you have to  understand that person's motivations. If you were to give immunity idol  immunity, then I would believe you, that would cue me that we're all going to  vote amanda.  It has to line up with something that they want.  You're going to need a pivotal move if you want a jury vote.  If you can figure out what it is that this person wants, persuading them  should be easy.  I want to give individual immunity to natalie.  Eric, the tribe has spoken.  I think that is what you call a life lesson.  Different people need different types of persuasion. You could appeal to  someone's ego.  Yes, that helps.  Baby monky.  I'm going to flirt with him. Get him on my good side. That's what I do best.  You can try to scare someone, put fear into them to get what you want.  This is the idol. I'm asking you for both of our sakes to become my ally.  Basically vote with us or you're going home tonight.  Or for me, rumor, you start a rumor.  I know, you're so good at that.  I heard coach was saying he wanted to get rid of you.  He's going behind my back saying stuff like that.  He's so stupid. He don't know what he got himself into.  What about this for that, you're offering them something in return for  something else.  That's more me. Mine is more intellectual of a connection.  Right. I can think of like an example from when I played, when I asked lex to  save amber. I kind ofen tiesed him with, if you can do something, i'll take  care of you later.  Lex, move it out.  It's very effective, but in hindsight, I ultimately didn't get his vote at  the end of the day, so some would argue that he had the last laugh. When you  first got here, we told you there would be an opportunity to test what you  learned.  Okay.  We have some insight into your next immunity challenge. So listen up. This is  important.  Okay.  For your next immunity challenge, the tribe will be blindfolded. One person  will be the caller. It's the most important role in the challenge. If you can  persuade your tribe to let you be the caller, you will earn an advantage that  allows you to block the vote of another player. If you fail to end up in the  caller role, you lose your vote for the next tribal council.  I love this.  You're going to accept the test?  I'm doing it.  Think about it, chew on your watermelon.  I'm doing it. I'm doing it no matter what. I'm going to push to be the person  that calls it out.  Okay. You think you can pull it off?  Whew!  Oh, my God, this is so much fun.  She didn't give it much thought. She just took the offer and went with it.  That's a mentality that she has. That will get her in trouble in the game.  Okay. In my opinion, Noura is the last person you would want in the calling  position. She cannot coherently commune kate anything to anyone. She's living  in Noura world. This is "Survivor." you got to be in "Survivor"  world.  By, Noura. You got this.  She definitely is perceptive. The question is, is her perception reality?  Noura's back.  Noura!  Hi. I have a lot to talk about. When I hit the beach, I already am getting a  little bit of anxiety, because you gtd a big group, and they're just like  waiting for the Noura tv show to start and quick play. So basically I get  there, and I get an advantage in the next immunity challenge that will  benefit you and your tribe. They basically gave us what's next immunity  challenge is in detail. There's only one twist, it says you have to  unanimously agree on the role that I play in that challenge.  Okay. Then I can tell you all the details.  This is all a lie, because I have the information, and I could have just  given it to them, but what I’m trying to do is secure that caller position,  because if I can persuade my tribe to let me be the caller, I will get an  advantage in this game. If they don't let me, I will lose my vote at the next  tribal council.  How can we --  basically say yes, we unanimously decide that Noura can pick the role to do,  and I get to tell you the whole detail. You'll see that's why I need that  role? I'm doing the this for that. The idea is, you want to know this  information, well, I need this commitment from you guys. Does everyone agree?   Everyone agrees? Everyone's fine?  Okay. So ready? Okay. So everyone is going to be blind fold and there is a  caller, so that would be me. So I call out, so now there's a caller, and  people go out and whatever we're reteefg, I have to guide each of you to go  out on the course and bring it back. Whoever gets back first win, that's it.  Did you want to be the caller.  It's the rol is the calling person.  Noura presents us with this bizarre scenario in which we have to choose her  role in an unknown game to have her reveal to us what the game is we're going  the play Tomorrow for the immunity challenge. If I could do full circles  without being in a cartoon, our eyes would be doing full circles.  Can you explain to the tribe why you think you're the best person to be the caller?   It's already done. I gave you the information, so I already have that role.  It can't -- it's done.  Wait, this is what I’m asking, you got to decide what role you wanted, that's  the only role, the caller. I don't understand the question.  We had to unanimously decide that you could pick your role, so could you pick  your role as a retriever.  I guess I could, yeah,er guess I could.  This is not a good lie, but it's good Noura is so in this lie there is no way  she's going to talk about what's on Island of the Idols. So pressure is off  of me.  It doesn't matter if I’m the best or not, it's that I could not tell you guys  this information unless I picked the role. In my mind I decided I’m going to  be the caller, that simply, because I have all the information. It is what it  is, we can't change it. Right now they're not believing in me. They're  questioning me. I don't think I’m that bad of a caller. I feel like I have a  big mouth, a big voice, even if I was the worst caller, if we're practicing  ahead of time and we know what we're going into, I think we should be fine.  All right. Dan, I’m going to walk you through the course. Get on your knees.  Crawl on your knees. Okay. And you're going to crawl like ten steps forward.  One, two, three, four --  Noura, get back to your perch. Dan, stand up. Walk to my voice. Ten steps  forward.  You're going to be behind me.  I can't walk to your voice. You're going to be behind me. Is this forward,  left, right?  Okay. I got it. Dan, walk ten steps forward to me.  Not to you.  Let me stand behind you then.  The blind man could see that Noura does not belong on that perch. She does  not belong up there.  Didn't, take five steps forward.  One, two, three, four, five, stop.  Don't count out his steps, let him do it and call the next person. I'm  sitting here doing nothing.  If Noura is the caller and we lose, then she's 100 on the chopping block.  Take three steps forward and keep going, nothing in front of you. Take one  step to your right.  Oh, my God.  If she insistings on being the caller, then she better follow through,  because that's going to be her ass.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Vokai getting your first look at the new lyrsa tribe.  Vince voted out at the last tribal council. All right. Let's get to today's  immunity challenge. First things first, got the take it back. Once again  immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, a caller will lead  blind folded tribe members threw a course, checking three keys along the way.  You'll then use those keys to unlock puzzle pieces. The caller will then  direct a still-blindfolded tribe member to solve the puzzle. First to finish  wins immunity, safe from the vote. Losers tribal council where somebody will  be the fourth person voted out of this game. Vokai, you have one extra  person. You have to sit somebody out. Who is it going to be?  Noura. Noura is sitting out.  You're sitting out.  Who is it going to be?  Noura.  Noura. Take a spot on the sitout bench.  My tribe told me to sit out. So after all that, I lost my vote at the next  tribal council. This might blow up any game, this is a freakin' might meyer.  -- nightmare.  Jeff: Everybody else take a minute to strategize and we'll get started. All  right. It is Elizabeth, the caller for Lairo.  To your right, to your right. Elaine, you need to go to the right. Elaine.  Walk straight and start climbing through the wood.  Sending everybody out together. Elizabeth going with three pairs.  Keep going.  Tom, follow Elaine.  Jeff: It's all about communication.  I'm here, imhere.  Oh.  Jeff: Tommy just took one in the groin. It is Elaine and Tom together, Chelsea  and Dean, Missy and Karishma together.  You're almost there.  Jeff: Jason calling for Vokai. He sent everybody out together. That's giving  them an early lead. Lauren and Jamal. Now they have to find that key and  unclip it.  Elaine, there is a rope. Put your hand up. Other hand, pull, pull, pull.  There.  Jeff: Vokai has their first key. They're heading back.  Tommy, to your left, to your left. Straight, Tommy, straight!  Jeff: Tommy and Jack have the second key for Vokai.  Dean and Chelsea, under.  No, Dean, Dean, under, under, under. Dean and Chelsea, under.  Dean and Chelsea went over. The under obstacle, big setback for Lairo.  Can we go back under? They still need to get two keys. Janet working  together, looking for that third key.  I got this.  Jeff: They got it.  Work your way back.  Jeff: Vokai has all three keys. They're heading back now. They got out the a  fast lead due the great leadership by Jason. Jamal and Lauren headed back for  Vokai. Lairo only has one key. They're still looking for two more. A lot of  players meeting for the first time.  That's the other team, bro.  Follow my voice.  Dean! Listen, we're going to need you. Hey, Missy and Karishma --  shut up.  Dean, Dean!  Missy, listen, turn to your left.  Jeff: One side is heading back and one is still going out. Missy and Karishma  trying to get something going. You got to get them all the way back to the  mat. You're good! Jason has everybody back for Vokai. Now you got the lead them  all through the course again.  Missy, climb under that wood and you're going to grab a rope. Missy and Karishma  looking for a key.  Yes, Chelsea and Dean, keep walking.  Jeff: Karishma and Missy have the second key. They have to get back. It's new  Dean and Chelsea looking for that third and final key. Vokai has all three  and is heading back toward that final stage of the challenge, the puzzle.  Come on. Everyone is here. We have a straight shot.  Jeff: Missy is pulling on Karishma.  You're going to follow my voice.  Dean and Chelsea still working.  Dean, stop, stop, stop.  I feel something.  Go to your right. Dean, go to your right. Dean, go to your right!  Jeff: Vokai is back. They have to get those puzzle pieces free.  The other way, behind you, Dean. Dean and Chelsea still looking for that  third piece for Lairo.  Dean, the other way, turn around, Dean. Walk forward.  Jeff: Dean has the pieces out. Now it's up to Kellee to untie them and free  all the pieces.  Walk forward, walk forward. There you go.  There it is. That's the third key for Lairo. Got to unclip and you got to  hustle back. Jason and Kellee now working for Vokai.  Walk a little faster.  Jeff: Elizabeth and Lairo struggling. They're in trouble right now. Vokai  already working on the puzzle.  Slide it, slide it, there you go.  Jeff: Dean and Chelsea almost back to the mat. You're good. Now Elizabeth has  to get her entire tribe all the way back to the puzzle table as fast as she  can.  Vokai with a huge lead. They rally take their time on that puzzle. It would  be an amazing comeback if Lairo could get back and win this challenge.  That part all the way over.  Jeff: They've been very calm during this phase of the challenge. Another  piece for Vokai. Here comes Elizabeth. She's made quick work of getting her  tribe back.  You're on the mat. Karishma, get on the mat.  Jeff: You're good. It's going to be Aaron now solving the puzzle.  Okay. Stand right here.  Slide to your right.  Jeff: Comebacks do happen on "Survivor." this would be a huge one.  Lairo fighting to get back in.  You have to left it up and put it in. Now slide it all the way to the right.  Yes, yes!  Right now I’m going to have you rotate them.  Feel the notch on the table.  Jeff: It is Vokai with a big lead. Jason has led this tribe very calmly from  start to present.  This is not perfect. Hold on one second.  I feel it.  Jeff: Elizabeth has not panicked even though they've been very far behind.  Okay.  Jeff: Jason examining his puzzle. No, I’m not sure the outside is correct.  Take that piece in your hand.  Jeff: Lairo needs Vokai to make a mistake.  Yes, very, very good.  Jeff: Elizabeth very quickly working on this puzzle.  I think we got it.  Jeff: Aaron with another piece.  I don't like that either.  Jeff: Jason doesn't like one of the pieces, he's going to pull it out.  Elizabeth has shown great leadership under pressure. They are back in this  right now. It would be one of the biggest comebacks in a "Survivor"  challenge. Jason still working on his puzzle.  Right next to that on the right. Elizabeth put down another piece. She's  lying what she's got going. Jason will have to pick it up. Lairo with two  pieces left.  Centerpiece. Last piece now.  Find that triangle. Find that triangle.  Jeff: This could be it.  Yes! Yes!  No, no. Keep going.  Jeff: Lairo thought they had it.  There are two pieces that we have to switch.  Push it back, push it back. There you go. The middle piece. Find that notch.  Find that notch.  Jeff: Jason thinks he has it this time. Will this be right?  Yes!  You got it? Vokai has it. Vokai wins immunity.  You never gave up!  Jeff: An epic challenge that came down to just a few pieces.  Oh, my gosh.  Vokai, congratulations. Immunity once again is yours. No tribal council  tonight. Enjoy it. Grab your stuff, head out. Take the night off.  Thank you, Jeff.  Jeff: All right. Lairo, tribal council tonight, somebody will be the fourth  person voted out of this game. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. See you  tonight at tribal.  Everybody thinks that Karishma is a dead fish in the water, and honestly she  is, but if I have anything to say about it. I'm going to keep Karishma nice  and folded up in my pocket and use her vote. If I can have two votes instead  of one, that's a good day.  Guys, I just want to say I’m sorry. I was the leader today and I let you guys  down.  I appreciate you saying, that but we put you in that position. You did  fantastic job.  Once again we lost the challenge. I'm at the botTom, so I’m expecting it to  be unanimous vote against Karishma, and it's killing me. There are certainly  bigger threats than me, but this tribe are a bunch of pansies. All they're  doing is who is the common denominator everybody can live with, and today  it's me. I don't want to go home. Not like this.  There's no doubt on this one. I don't even know what we're going to talk  about. There's no discussion.  Not for me.  Karishma's name has been out there for a while now. She hasn't done much  around camp. She hasn't contributed too much when it comes to puzzles or  athletically in challenges. I feel like she's got to see it coming. I don't  think tonight will be a blind side.  I want to stay in the game more than anything. You know, at tribal I’m going  to swing for the fences.  Do it. Go out swinging. People challenge their minds. I've seen it happen before.   Karishma is making herself an outsider and knows her time is coming to an  end, and I know shue doesn't have an idol because I’m the one that has it. So  I’m in a really good spot. I have really good relationships with people,  especially with Dean, and I think that's going to take me far in this game.  I just feel so bad. Everybody else's fate is on the line because of me.  Not at all.  We worry tickly is far behind. The game needs to get blown up right now.  We're getting embarrassed.  This is the thing, I keep looking at it and today's performance, why are you  hopping over the thing instead of going under the thing. Dean is the one I want  gone. He's underperforming in challenges. You've got Chelsea in his back  pocket, and he's playing a smile at you, make you feel good kind of game,  trying to fly under the radar. I don't like that. So he's got to go.  Terrible. It's garbage.  I'm fine with it.  So Aaron pitches voting out Dean. And I was absolutely shocked. Maybe he  hasn't shown up for the challenges, but why should I give Karishma the  privilege of making it further in this game when Dean is at least gathering  firewood, helping cook, building the shelter, while Karishma takes a nap.  How do you feel about that?  You have to be on board.  I'm on board.  Okay.  I sort of was going along with it, but I’m not ready to see Dean go, nine ten  days ago I would have said, yes, whatever you need, here's my vote, i'll  write it down right now. But while I was on the island of the idolious Boston  Rob said to me, you have to look before you leap. And right now ivdon't think  getting Dean out is good for my game.  I'm nervous. Den's name is being tossed around.  Why? Aaron doesn't think he competes in the challenges. I don't think we  should get rid of him.  I don't either, but Missy is full on board.  Holy crap. Aaron is wanting to go for Dean, and I was like, what the hell? I  didn't understand. And I just feel like Aaron is shady.  Karishma is going to jump ship. And the plan is to not tell them.  I know. That's insane.  Aaron, you sneaky bastard. If he's willing to cut the throat of his friend,  then what's he he going to do to me later on? I don't want to vote Dean, and  if they don't have me and Elizabeth, they can't pull that off.  She's not on board?  This will alienate Chelsea and Tom.  This is the target. It seems like I’m the only one in this tribe that wants  the play this game. Everybody else, they're trying the play everybody's  together and no hurt feelings, but at some point in time, this game has to  get bloody. This "kumbaya" nonsense has got us into a hole after  tonight. That's where we're headed, down a road of disaster.  She's not willing to rock the boat yet.  This tribe has a lot of people on it. They're too weak and afraid to make a  move. It's really frustrating.  We go back the keeping strength around. I'm like, you didn't come here to  play "Survivor." you came here for a vacation, but I’m here to play  this game and kik some butt. So we can't agree on Dean. We can't agree on Karishma.  So I need a name that no one is completely attached to. I want the make sure  we do what's best for us.  I agree. You know what, this is in my opinion Dean and Chelsea. You agree?  I agree.  This is out of the blue. If it's too scary to get rid of teen, would it be Chelsea?  Because they're a pair. They're Dangerous. Girls keep majority, we keep three  big guys as protection for us, and then Karishma is still another easy vote  to go later?  Missy within ten minute flips the target on the Chelsea, and her ability to  drop names on a dime scared me.  She wants to get Chelsea out?  What? What?  Right now it's a big cluster. People are having side conversations with  everybody, and they're all whispering. With these yahoos, you don't know what  they're going to do. I don't know how it's going to go down. This one is  going to draw the line in the sand and it's going to let people know where  they stand. We'll see how it goes, but it's going to be real gut check time.  They just love tribal council.  Jeff: So, Chelsea, day 11, two tribal councils, two devastating blind sides.  What does that say about this group?  It's like what you said last tribal, we suck as puzzles, but we're really  good at blindsides, so it's tricky because there hasn't been that line drawn  in the saturday tonight. Will it be drawn tonight? Maybe, maybe it won't.  Jeff: Karishma, sounds very familiar to last time you were here when there  was another blindside.  I had a different experience. I was a contingency plan in case Vince played  an idol. Based on that, nobody wants the talk to me.  Jeff: Yet, you're still hear.  "Survivor" Gods. Every day is a new day. That's all I can hope for.  Praying to the "Survivor" Gods.  Jeff: Elaine, is that your perception, that she's sitting at camp going  anyone, anyone, bueller?  Listen, these people are moving so fast, I can't even see. They're like  everywhere. Talk to one person, oh, yeah, this is what we're doing. Ten  minutes later it's something totally different. I mean, I don't really know  what's going on.  This one never knows anything.  Jeff: Dean, is it a good thing or a bad thing for Karishma, who feels like  she's in trouble that there was so much chaos.  If I were in Karishma's shoes, that chaos should mean positives things.  Because if everyone is scrambling, there are pRobably plans that don't  involve Karishma.  ?Oo Chelsea, it looked like you were nodding in agreement.  You should never throw the towel in. Conversations are going on up until  tribal. If you stop for a second, your name could be up there, so talk to  anyone, because you can put that little seed of doubt in someone's mind and  everything can change.  Jeff: Aaron, is that really all it takes is a tiny little seed of doubt?  Sure. I mean, the right person, the right situation, the right crack, you say  one little thing, that little thing can blossom into a flower. So, yeah.  Jeff: Elizabeth, how does that equate to strategy? Because if you react to  the chaos, then you're lost. You're spinning out of control like Elaine going  yes, no, huh?  That's -- you hit the nail on the head with that. That's exactly how camp  went today. I thawing we were going in with a very clear plan. That evolved  into two, three, four, plans. I need to think about move that's best for me.  Sometime that's the last plan that's talked about and that's the one you go  with.  Jeff: Elayne, that has to be unnerving.  Yeah, because what if you're that last plan that was talked about. That is  unnerving that plan "b" could be the one if that's you.  Jeff: Missy, never heard anyone play plan z, buk that is what it sounds like?   We're playing russian roulette. We loaded the gun. It's going to hit somebody  that maybe is not expecting it.  Jeff: Wow, Karishma, that's a pretty dark but accurate metaphor?  I'm loving what I’m hearing here at tribal today.  I don't want her to love what she's hearing because the stray bullet doesn't  hit someone, that doesn't mean she cannot get hit and that does not mean  she's not without fault in this game. If you open up and say you're the  puzzle maker, be the puzzle maker. If you say you can shoot hoop, shoot  hoops. If you say you're an olympian, be an olympian. All of us are playing  equally, and she's getting lapped.  Nice. Good job.  Wow.  All I have to say is there was chaos, great. Because chaos is a ladder, and  maybe I can climb out of my trench.  Jeff: So if you're voted out, would you rather it was a blindside or to be,  yeah, I knew the entire time because nobody talked to me.  I would rather bit a blindside, because the situation I’m in now, if I’m voted  out, I’m expecting it. It would hurt more.  Jeff: Dean, what's the letter you write to somebody after you have blindsided  them.  Depends how close you were. But there's some sort of sorry in there and  thanks for playing.  Jeff: Wow. Why is that so funny. I'm laughing, too. Sorry, thanks for  playing.  Everybody thinks it's great to blindside people. That's part of "Survivor"  and the thrill, but when you're on the other side and you're walking out, you  ain't going to be laughing.  Jeff: Missy, would you be shocked if it was you tonight? Did your name come  up?  I didn't hear my name from anyone, but that doesn't mean my name wasn't out  there? If they're playing a good blindside, I wouldn't hear my name? But I don't  think any of us would be shocked. If I were to cut him to, cut anybody, can  you blame them? We don't know these people, and yet we're literally lying in  the dirt like dogs together. In some way we're family, but in other ways  we're complete strangers. It's hard.  Jeff: Chelsea, if you can separate the emotion, what's the pleasure in a  blindside from a player standpoint?  I mean, it's a little sick, but when you pull off a blindside, that inner  part of you smiles because you're lying like, I’m playing "Survivor,"  but I wouldn't want to be blindsided because someone close to me was lying  and that hurts. It's not fun to crush people's dreams, but that's part of the  game, so it definitely is fun. I like it.  It could be anybody.  Jeff: Okay. It is time to vote. Dean, you're up. I'll go tally the votes. If  anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want the play it, now would be the  time to do so. Okay. I'll read the votes. First vote, Karishma. Karishma.  Chelsea. Chelsea. We're tied, two votes Karishma, two votes Chelsea.  She's looking around.  Jeff: Chelsea. That's three votes Chelsea, two votes Karishma. Chelsea.  That's four votes Chelsea. Fourth person voted out, Chelsea. That's five,  that's enough, you need to bring me your torch.  You wanted a blindside, you got you one.  Jeff: Chelsea, the tribe has spoken.  Good luck, guys.  Good job.  Jeff: Well, I guess that was plan z. Grab your torches. Head back to camp.  Good night. Captioning funded by cbs captioned by media access group at wgbh  access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," in a game of lies --  you're talking nonsense right now.  Yeah, Dean, it was me. I took your girlfriend out of this game.  Jeff: New battle lines are drawn. Drop your buffs.  We don't know these people. You can't trust them.  There is so much Danger.  I need to flip on old Lairo.  I'm completely and utterly blindsided. I'm a huge super fan. I dreamed of  playing "Survivor" since I was eight years old. I thought I could  win this game. I have an idol in my pock and could have saved myself, so  obviously I’m just embarrassed. To not even make the merge, uh, this is so  disappointing.