<br/>how do you talk about this?  At tribal council I was completely blind sided by the Chelsea vote outk I absolutely  felt left out, os tra advertise-- os tra identifies, it is a wake-up call, my  boys at home would say I got got. Dean woke up and immediately turned to  detective Dean k ow alsky. The goal being who ordered this hit. Detective Dean  is looking for mots nif the Chelsea walker case, I don't think it's me,  clearly, I don't think it is Chelsea, she is home eating oreos my man Tom  wanted out forever. My main suspects are Elizabeth, Elaine, Missy and. So I certificate  gate them who did you hear.  I'm just curious who came up.  Don't know where it originated?  It wasn't me.  Karishma, you know where it started.  To be filled in.  I would argue I was there.  Okay.  That's fair, can't disagree with that.  Where did it come from? Who did I get it from. I got it from-- Elaine.  Without do you think.  I have no idea. I want to find out who is the strategic master mind that con  vinsdz the tribe away from Karishma toward Chelsea because they are super,  super good at this game and need to be not only watched but need to go.  Nobody ordered a hit.  Are you telling me you have no idea where Chelsea came from.  I am not saying I have no idea. I'm not saying that it does make sense and  the showmance between you and Chelsea, especially if people want you out.  You are talking a lot of nonsense.  I'm talking nonsense.  Yeah.  I am still not getting a straight answer out of you, where this came from.  Yeah, Dean, it was me. I took your girlfriend out of this game. It was too  scary, they were a pair, they are Dangerous.  I feel good about that blind side. I put it together quickly and people  fulled it off. But Dean doesn't take "the blind side" well. He's  mad. Well, crap, Dean, I kept you here today. You don't bite the hand that  feeds you. You really don't. You shouldn't. You really, really shouldn't.  Captioning funded by cbs and ford. We go further, so you can.  Good morning, guys! Ness.  One of the most beautiful spots in Fiji. Vokai getting your first look at the  new Lairo tribe, Chelsea voted out at the last tribal council.  Wow. All right, shall we get to it?  Yes.  Everybody, drop your-- switching tribes. Elaine what is the feeling right  now, you are rocking back and forth.  I feel like I’m on the outs already and I didn't even draw the buck yet, I’m nervous,  I get itchy.  Now wait a minute am how can you feel you are on the outs before the event  has happened.  Because I’m not lucky. I'm not lucky. I'm not lucky.  All right, let's put an end to the mystery.  What is the event?  When Jeff says everyone drop your above, I was cringing because nothing is  set in stone. You have to start all over again from square one and solidify  your position in a new tribe and that scares me big time.  Here we go, everyone reveal your new buff and say hello to your new tribe.  We open up our boxes an have I purple,nd I could breathe and started looking  around for who will be purple and immediately I see that our tribe is four  and four so this is a dooms day senorio, Elizabeth, Missy.  Dan, do we have an even split over there on Vokai.  A 4/4 split, Jeff.  Let's see, will the new Vokai we have for fourer Vokai with Dan, Jason, Tomorrowy  and Lauren and four former Lairo with Aaron, Missy, Elizabeth and Elaine.  Elaine, lucky, unlucky?  Lucky, Jeff, I got real lucky because we are 4-4 on Vokai, we have strong  people to win challenges, I got in a tribe with my alliance. I got real lucky  and I was so happy.  For the new Lairo tribe we have five former Vokai, Noura, Kelleee, Jamal, Jack  and Janet and three former Lairo with Tom, Dean and Karishma. Karishma, brand  new tribe, brand new game, what do you make of this group of eight?  Yeah, I look around and I’m really liking the faces that I’m seeing. I'm  feeling really good vibes, every day on Survivor is a new opportunity. So you  just got to embrace it.  I was excited tor a new change because I was blind sided by the whole tribe  on the Chelsea vote out but where I landed I’m down 5-3 and already thinking  to myself not a good spot to be.  Now that we have our two new tribes let's get to our first reward challenge.  For today's challenge, your feet are going to be tied together. Your arms  bound at your side. On my go you will slither through a series of obstacles.  You will then race to finish a fire puzzle. First tribe to get it done wins  reward. Want to know what you are playing for?  Yes, tell us.  St the biggest reward of the season. And we wanted to make it special.  Oh my gosh.  Come on.  We brought applebee to Fiji!  Oh my God.  I can't believe it.  Oh, oh my God. You will enjoy applebee's loaded, sizzling fajitas, smothered  in hot queso, we've got steak, chicken, shrimp, plus the classic combo,  buffalo chicken wings.  Wait, wait, all the fixinings.  With all the fixinings.  Yes, spinach, artichoke dip, quesadillas, got room for dessert.  We do, Jeff.  How about the blue ribon-- ribbon brownie. [cheers and applause]  an applebee's signature drink the shark bowl.  Oh, the shark bowl.  I love applebees, applebee's is by far my favorite sit down restaurant.  Oh my God, yes. This is the biggest reward and we are going to get this.  Worth playing for?  Yes.  All right, strategize with your new tribe, we'll get started. Here we go, for  the biggest reward of the season. Applebee in Fiji, Survivors, ready? Go!  Let's go, guys.  St Elizabeth and Dan and Tom and Janet, you have to slilter on your belly--  slither on your bellies and st not easy, that sand is hot. Dan and Elizabeth  moving quickly but Tom and january receipt staying in t inch by inch. Dan and  Elizabeth with the early lead for the new Vokai tribe. A huge reward on the  line.  Get over that little pump.  Dan is good, you got to get Elizabeth.  Are you good.  Secretary pair going, Tommy and Missy goingk trying to extend the lead for Vokai.  Tom using all that muscle, Tom is over now, keep going!  Tommy inching over now.  Are you there, Missy.  There you go. There you go.  .  Tommy is good.  Wigel wiggle wiggle. Are you goos Missy.  It is now Lauren and Elaine, the final pair for Vokai.  You got it, Lauren, go.  You're good, go.  At he Jack and Dean for Lairo.  I can't move.  Jack and Dean trying to get over that second mound. Lauren face down. They  can taste that reward. Elaine is there, are you good. A.  A couple more, are you good.  Start work on the puzzle it is now Jason and Aaron on the puzzle for Vokai.  Big lead for Vokai. A very familiar story for the tribe wearing purple.  Are you good. Go, Karishma, go Noura. Now arron and Jason feel the pressure,  that final pair for Lairo, Lauren moving quickly, Karishma is struggling. You  have to get up that mound. That is the toughest part. Every second you take  is another second of a lead for Vokai.  Stay straight.  Noura continues to work, Karishma continues to struggle.  I can't put my hands.  Piece by piece Jason and Aaron are closing in on the finish of this fire  puzzle.  Come on, girl, let's go. Let's go. Everything you got, come on.  Look at that. Noura is pulling Karishma up the hill. That's how you work  together.  Come on Karishma.  Okay, baby.  Vokai getting closer and closer to a once in a lifetime reward on Survivor.  Noura continues to fight, using every part of her body to pull her partner to  the finish.  Come on, Karishma.  She's there.  Go, come on, Kelleee, now the puzzel.  Yes.  Jamal and Kelleee quickly get a piecement and another piece. They are not  giving up thrarks is for sure, Aaron and Jason are down to three pieces. Make  it two pieces. One tease left.  Yes, yes. Vokai wins applebees in Fiji! One thing's clear, everybody here worked  in that challenge. But there was a decisive victory by Vokai. Applebee' in Fiji  waiting for you, grab your stuff, head out and enjoy. All right, Lairo, got  nothing for you, grab your stuff, head back to camp.  We had a chance at a great reward and I hate to kep putting it on the same  person but car you were ma was just not going to be able to perform going  through the sand. The sad thing is she had been on puzzle, he had tried doing  the physical role and hasn't bb able to do anything. So we have our work cut  out for us. Quns oh my God.  Thank you, thank you so much.  Walking up to applebee's was unbelievable because first thing we saw was the  shark bowl. Clear ocean blue with the gummi shark on top. We're in the Fiji  island and that is just the island drink you want.  Let's eat.  Loaded fajitas, we have steak, we have shrimp.  This is the best thing I ever drank in my life.  And all this food in the background, the buffalo wings, the spinach artichoke  dip.  Chicken, steak, shrimp or the trio.  The trio.  Oh my God, this is so good.  Appleby's I love you. The fajitas was amazing. My mouth was watering, it was  unbelievable. So it was one of the greatest moments and something I will  never forget for the rest of my life.  Oh my God.  We are a new tribe, a new family, thank you for coming. And thank you for  applebee's for making this meal for us together.  Applebee's.  The Dangers to a 4-4 split t is even hard to put into words because there is  so much Danger and there is so much that could potentially happen. For  example, we could have a tie with tribal council and there is a chance that  we have to draw rocks to see who goes home. So we really have to think of a  way to get one of these new Vokai members over with us.  I like win the neck three.  Why would we lose.  I like the new tribe members, this is like the honeymoon phase, pretty soon  that may fade and the alcohol face, then we'll see.  Melt in your mouth, you know what it tastes like, it tastes look a w, bro.  It tastes like a with.  Layera can go to bed.  My tribe, they immediately were chitchatting and cutting up with the Vokai  people. I don't like that, because you don't know these people, they could be  lying through your teeth, you can't trust them, so we definitely need to stay  four strong.  I love you applebee's.  Applebee's.  This sour camp fire and that is our shelter.  This is these.  Where do y'all sleep.  We tried bamboo at first.  The smoke comes through here so it keeps all the bugs away.  Hi been really hating my tribe for a long time. They essentially bullied me,  refused to work with me. And wrote my name down at two tribal councils in a  row.  I love this.  On top of that, I just showed my entire new tribe how weak I am in challenges  physically. So I’m screwed.  Let's go swimming. I have one choice to stay alive. I have one choice to keep  breathing and that is to flip on old layera.  Kelleee, have I so much to tell you guys. My name has been at every tribal, I  want to play with you guys.  We should have done a better job. We knew Karishma was not going to be--ness  I assume you knew that before.  Yeah.  From the old tribe we have Dean, who hi a pretty good relationship with. And  char-- Karishma who I would say her and I are not best friends and on top I am  in the tribe down number 5-3. It is not a great feeling. Coming into the game  that is the way st, you can't moap about t you have to get to work.  Karishma is the one, I feel bad, and I think about it now, I should have  stepped up now and said she just can't do it.  We had the chance of voting her out last night. We decided not to.  We were shocked.  We were just figuring she could be voted out any time we wanted to.  Right.  We got together like sophomore year in college.  That is so funny. Oh my God.  We graduated.  Yeah.  She went to korea to teach english. Kelleee and I have been vibing a bit,  funny thing s I come to find out, we have a mutual friend, a very special  mutual friend, my only long-term girlfriend.  So why are you guys still not together.  One that I dated for six plus years. And they lap to go to business school  together. Being able to talk about shared experiences and friends brings the  relationship to another level that you don't necessarily have with certain  people. So going to try to work that angle.  Going into last tribal as far as I knew, everyone literally was going for Karishma  except for cashish ma, and they were like chelee chem see Chelsea. Oh my God,  that is like so crazy.  That is the drama we were missing out on.  Dean and I really-- after our conversation I was like this sounds like a guy  I could work with. But Karishma wants to flip, I think she's with us.  It is five Vokai, 3 Lairo, these three people seem to be at the mercy of the  five old Vokai members.  The thing is arrange marriage is like a loaded term. Are you not like bound  to the altar but it is also not like you are given complete freedom.  Somewhere in the middle.  Were your parents arranged.  They knew each other for two weeks before they got married.  Wow.  I feel really good about my new family it sin credible to open up and be  vulnerable at that level and to talk about my marriage.  I got married because my parents wanted me to get married because I was  supposed to.  My parents, the day before I got married, the day after I was married, I spent  ten queers being told I’m a burden and shame to my family. Because I wouldn't  agree to get married. I gave in. So how do you talk about this.  No, i.  You just did.  Like.  Just like that.  I have been married for four and a half years but I have been questioning my life  choices. And I really, really need to understand what this next chapter is  going to entail thasm is my purpose here in this game.  I need to like share my feelings with my husband. I don't think I always tell  him how I am doing. I queened of hide behind a smile. And four years later we  are like roommates.  You know, have I had really meaningful conversations with the Vokai members.  I can relate to them more. They may understand me on a level that old Lairo  just could not understand me.  I'm sorry.  We're glad you are in our tribe.  So I think I may be able to get a footing in this game am I in am no longer Lairo.  I am moving over. -- let's go.  Oh, we have a throwdown.  We have to battle this out, we have atlanta, georgia, versus kentucky.  Oh! Oh!  Slightly different.  We're fun right.  All you have to do is get a hold of it.  Elaine is doing what she does. She's doing an incredible job at the social  game. And that's the only way that you are going to win this game is to get  people to genuinely, truly like you.  Shoulders down, one, two, three.  Yes!  We have a winner.  Ding dung ding.  So I have to form real relationships and real bonds with people. And say you  know what, let's just talk about our kids. Let's just talk about our family,  because they don't like you, why are they going to keep you around.  How about these.  I was like can I wear these socks. He is sliek absolutely not, why, everyone  is going to laugh at you.  With the socks.  Yeah. He said they are purple and have my face on them. I am like exactly,  that is why I should wear them.  He will be the coolest kid in elementary school.  I'm very fortunate that I get to experience Survivor with my son. I mean  visually to see your child every day, and his smile, it's like-- all right,  buddy, like we're going to do this man.  How are you feeling? What are you thinking.  From a protection standpoint, you and I mutually have to have each other's  back like 100 percent because it does no good, you come out of the game, then  it is going to be harder on me from a physical standpoint so we are both have  to make the merge and have that when they coming like yo, say I win it and  you lost it, I still have to protect you.  Yeah.  So I’m excited.  Who do you feel good about.  I'm like, you love your four.  I love my four.  But obviously someone is going to have to go so.  St 4-4, we can play the gaming to now.  Aaron and myself, we are like bros. So ding. I'm with him now. I know he  wants to work with me. And I hope we will vote out one of the old Lairo.  How are you feeling if he with don't win.  We're in a good place, we're in a good place.  You think so.  I know we are.  You think they will eat one of their own before us.  They are not going to flip. What we are do is we will talk. I am not on a dry  rock.  You agree it is dead, ed.  Dead in the water.  This swap killed orange but it gave us.  They need us to you.  I agree with Aaron, Lairo has been dead, orange does mot exist any more.  I'm good.  All right.  All right, you guys ready to get to your first immunity challenge as a new  tribe. First thing first, Tomorrowee, take it back. Thank you. Once again,  immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge you swim out to a  ladder, climb up and leap off. You will then release three buoys to maneuver  them across a set of balance beams. When you get to the end you will attempt  to land those boys on-- buoys on the three targets. First tribe to finish  wins immunity, safe from the vote. Losers, tribal council where somebody will  be the fifth person voted out of this game. Give you a minute to strategize,  we'll get it on. All right, here we go, for immunity, Survivors ready. Go!  Everybody in the water, got to get everybody to that platform before you can  start up the ladder. Are you go, purple, you are good, orange.  Elizabeth going up for Vokai, Kelleee for Lairo.  Let's go, let's go.  Here comes Jason for Vokai. He's in. Karishma taking a lot of time on that  latter. Elaine is going to catch her.  Come on Karishma.  Elaine dives in, there goes Dan, he laps Noura. Vokai has been really  quickly. Lairo has their buoy. You are looking for two people to transport  those buoys, one hand on each rope, now they are gaining a balance team.  Lairo now still struggling. There you go, Lairo.  Slowly.  Car you were ma has been slow in this challenge. That opens the door for Vokai  to have an early lead.  Now Lairo is struggling to get a system going for even getting their buoys  on.  Vokai making this look easy. Vokai once again with an early lead in the  challenge. A familiar story for Lairo. Got to get them all in the basket. You  guys dropped, you have to start over.  Vokai, are you good. Let's go.  Missy with the first buoy. For Vokai, Missy just misses. Lairo has won  exactly one challenge this season. Vokai would like to extend that streak.  Just short, Lairo trying to stay in this. You're good, go. Jama dsh dsh Jamal  an Karishma have to get across the beam.  Come on, Karishma, waiting on you, girl. Let's go. You got it.  Now you have to get the buoys and everybody over here. Missy just misses.  Kelleee races back, got to get them in the basket and everybody on the  platform, wait.  Cover up, cover up, waiting on Karishma, are you good, go Lairo. Lairo down  one bucket, it Tomorrowee going to give it a shot tok vie, Tommy the second  for Vokai. Dean the first for Lairo. Tommy trying to get that buoy, Tommy for  the win for Vokai.  Just misses. Dean ties it up t is 2-26789 Dean has the buoy. Just short, we  got a showdown. Lairo is back in this. Tommy's short, can Dean win it right  here? No, short.  Tommy can win it for Vokai. And he does! Vokai wins again. Sending Lairo back  to tribal council for the fourth time this season. With a brand new tribe.  Who knows who is going to happen in tribal. Vook aye, once again immune sit  all yours. Nobody going home tonight, and nobody going to island of the  identifyol.  Grab your stuff, swim out, enjoy the night off.  All right, Lairo, tribal council tonight, somebody will be the fifth person  voted out. Swim out. Head back to camp, a united tribal.  Thanks, Jeff.  Tom, Karishma and Dean, I feel like i've connected with them all very, very  well. But Karishma did not do herself any favors. She has an ability to  perform a challenge. I'm ready for a w in orange. We were one away, one  basket away.  I appreciate everyone sending me positive vibes. But the fact is I didn't  make it happen so.  But you stepped up. It is with it is. I am going to go on a wood run.  I'm a division 1 basketball player, that was my moment and I blew tment I can't  believe tow that long, pale, redhead goof ball looking guy, so add to it, me,  Tom and Karishma are really at their whim strks up to me to make the best in Lairo  y mot me.  Should we put ourselves in their shoes.  To be honest you are pRobably safe because st either let's get a threat out,  me or let's cut the fat, Karishma.  What can we do.  I am thinking we have to-- we are kind of limited what we can do. They're not  going to send one of their people home t will be one of us three that will go  home tonight but what I am encouraged by is they don't want to lose any more  challenges and that really points the finger at Karishma.  Talking about easing your mind.  Easing your mind.  There are guys that pRobably want to win, will is one way to do that.  It is so clear.  Yeah, every challenge it is going to be how to minimize the damage she can do  to our ability to win.  I know.  Will is not much Karishma can do at this point to make a good case for  herself in any challenge capacity. We all see it we've been seeing it all  game long. She say liability.  I don't have Lairo. I want to work with you guys. I want-- I am not an  athlete, you know what I am not. I am just not. I know my own weakness.  If we vote out Karishma, then we don't have to worry about in the next few  challenges how to minimize the damage thatxd she c cause by the physical  limitations that she has. Nothing mean about that. It is just a reality.  I'm going to wait until you guys tell me which one to write and I will write  it.  I will go back this way.  Considering how I was viewed as weak in the challenge, it is definitely not  crazy to assume that the tribe wants to let go of me. So I’m out here now  with the old Vokai playing up the social game.  So how do you feel about everything?  I mean, you know, I guess you guys have to decide if you want a stronger, try  to win challenges or get to merge with somebody weaker there.  Tom is old school man.  Very typical of men of that age.  I want to win, first of all, I want to go the to merge with you too.  He can just going to say it the way st, there is going to be no hidden  agendas with him, which I appreciate. He, however, has more of a tribal  mentality and I believe if we got to a merge I would lose him to his old  tribe.  You think it's car shall that-- Karishma's night.  I think so.  He is a terrible-- she say terrible challenge person.  I agree.  I want to work with you but like I don't want to become the next Chelsea.  That was different. There is not going to be cuddling.  I really like-- I want to work with him, but there is something about Dean  that makes you want to work with him, that makes you want to trust him. But  also that makes me very, very wary of Dean and makes him a huge threat in  this game. So Dean is not the right person to bring into the merge.  So I have been getting a lot of information from Dean, and-- Tom is already  with me.  I can see that.  Dean is kind of already with me and Karishma wants to work with us for sure.  So who would be the first vote out then.  I don't know.  Tonight is some what simple. The only monkey wrinch in there is when I go to  the Island of the Idols I lost my vote for tonight.  I want some real food.  So that puts us 4-3. But thank God we still have the numbers. I feel so lucky  and even though I don't have a vote, I still have a say, I am still analyzing  the game, like what would be the best for my game, our game, some people are  thinking Karishma because she's weaker. Dean is a physical threat and Tom is  a likable guy, but he's not as physical a threat as I thought. So now you  have these three people. Do we go with the weakest person, or do we do better  in winning as a tribe or just get rid of the threats now so when we go to the  merge we don't have to deal with them then. I am really going to have to  think about it. In order to make the best decision for this vote.  All right, so we do a tribe swap, Vokai has the numbers, 5-3. So it would  seem like from a big picture that either the Vokai group stays strong or Lairo  find a crack. Tom, what were those early moments like with Vokai, what did  you feel?  Well, the Vokai tribe, all five of them are fantastic and open to talking  about different things moving forward. I do not sense that we found a crack  though right now.  I've been there.  Jack, did you see the Lairo three doing their best to find out what was  happening.  Yeah, and I think everyone is open to a conversation. Whether that is going  to change my mind, I don't know.  Karishma, it is like they are the ones that have the job opening and they are  just sitting back, I don't know, tell me about yourself, might have something  for you.  Yeah, it's like come on in, let me know how you can help me and I will decide  whether it is good enough, you know. At the ends of the day, the name of the  game when are you in the minority is self-preservation.  So Janet t is not just pick one, there has to be a purpose behind the vote  what is your criteria.  For me we need to win in order to avoid sitting here with you. And to do  that, we have to be strong. We need to be able to win.  Noura, not only do you now have a chance to work with three of the Lairo. Why  are you laughing?  Because I feel like you see the real turn and you see like the way I’m interrupting  over here.  What was happening, you were churning, what?  I don't want to miss your question.  No, I got more.  Okay. But you know, it is true we don't know what challenges are coming up,  but some people are more well-rounded than others. Some people are physical  and young and great at puzzles and shooting. Some people are maybe older and  they can pull their weight around camp and stuff but they don't have the  endurance and are not good at puzzles and they don't like the water and that  makes a difference.  Tbow comes the fun part, Karishma, who is she talking about, who is fun, good  at puzz elevators.  Me.  Who is older, maybe goods around camp but not so good at puzzles and  challenges.  Tom.  Who is she saying is old, first of all.  I'm 36, I’m old relative to all of these 20 year old somethings so it is all  relative.  I know.  And Karishma, Noura only mentioned the two guys, does that bode well for you?   Well, her description seemed to fit those two guys but I could already have  been swept to the side and just be an afterthought and not even worth  considering.  Tom f it is self-preservation, have you ever had to plea to be kept in a  group ever?  No, I think you show people who you are. You have to quaree yourself a  certain way, if you have character, you have to have leadership, you have to  say there is who I am. You have to decide either you want me as part of your  group or not.  Janet, the complenlt Tom made and I say this now with respect that only arch  older person could say in that it is a very confident comment.  I don't think st an age thing. For me I am just who I am. And torm is just  who he is. He is a straight shooting guy. And you know, I respect that.  Dean, how about for you. Is this a position you are familiar with or  unfamiliar having to sort of pitch yourself and say hey, you should want me.  Yes, you have a product, and you want someone else to use it. And to market  it to them. So I am pitching myself to be the sixth member of the band but  also pitching myself five different times to say hey, think about your own  game. Can I be beneficial to you.  I don't know when you spoke with me, and made a connection with me. I mean I know  Tom did. I know Karishma did. I don't know Dean, when we did that.  I don't really pull Karishma, at our old camp, she was lake hey, do you want  to go for a walk, do you want to go for a walk, like every tribal council, a  one-on-one forged conversations feels awkward to me.  But you did that with the other guys.  I wouldn't say explicitsly hey, Jamal let's go for a walk.  But you made time to do that, that is all I am saying.  Okay, not going to argue.  Jamal what is your criteria?  My number one criteria-- criteria is connection to the other side. Is it a  positive that one of these players has strong connections to the other side.  Or is it more of arch-- an advantage that they don't have connections to the  other side so they will stay where us come merge time.  Dean, how do you feel about Jamal's answer? Because everybody has  relationships that are more or less loyal.  Personally, Jeff, I very much thought it was a unanimous Karishma vote last  tribal council, someone, I don't know who, brought Karishma in, flipped the  entire tribe and now someone and Karishma are very, very loyal together. I'm  outside.  There you go, Dean.  I don't know who that is, but Karishma does owe someone big time.  And I will say I done even know who I owe. I got a whisper a minute before  tribal and I thought maybe this is my.  That's not true, that is not true at all.  There is my saving grace.  She knows who it is.  Tom, I swear to God, I absolutely do not know who was in charge of that, I got  that whisper right before tribal. You know I don't know who was in charge of  that. And I didn't care who it was.  Kelleee interesting, just before the vote and the tension starts to permeate,  and someone starts to say a little more. So how do you know when someone is  on the botTom what their real truth is?  There can be many truths that exist simultaneously. Everyone has a different  perception. Everyone has a different truth. You really don't know and at the  end of the day Survivor is about taking little leaps of faith and hoping the  people you put trust in are actually trust worthy.  That is my girl.  All right t is time to vote, Tom, you are up.  All right t is time to vote, Tom, you are up.  I will go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want  to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. I will read the votes.  First vote, Tom. Karishma. Karishma. Tom. We're tied, two votes Karishma. Two  votes Tom. Tom, that's three votes Tom, two votes Karishma. Tom, that is four  votes Tom. Fifth person voted out, Tom, that's five, that's enough, you need  to bring me your torch.  Good luck, everybody, seriously, good job.  Take care, Tom.  Take care, Tom.  Good job.  Lover you.  Love to meet you.  Tom, the tribe has spoken.  Time to go.  Thank you, see you guys. Good luck.  Bye Tom.  They're not going to win any challenges now.  Well, sometimes this game comes down to surviving just the moments, like  tonight's tribal. And if they can, Tom's-- Tomorrow's a new day. Grab your  torches head back to camp, good captioned by media access group at wgbh  access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  If you step into the ring.  I want one of those two gone.  Have I to kill them before they kill me.  And put on the gloves.  They are willing to go to rock.  I don't think anybody is going to flip.  Then you better be ready to fight.  If you want one of my girls out, it is time to cut one of theirs, they are  scrammabling, fighting for themselves.  Worth be of us going home, Karishma was holding people back in challenges but  there are all kinds of strategies to the game and they have a strategy for  why they kept her am I love being out here playing Survivor, I totally fried  myself. I'm taking credit to be the firs canadian to play and if I have to  take that I guess have I to be take credit for being voted out as well.