<br/>thinking about it makes you sweaty.  How do you think she's feeling?  You think you're good, and then you get blindsided. Like I think he's still  in shock.  Tribal went according to plan. Tom went home. Now we're sitting pretty with  five Vokai and two Lairo. You think this is so simple, let's take out Karishma  or Dean, but the players I don't trust are actually Jamal and Jack. They're  the guys that were gunning for me on my own tribe, and I know I can't work  with those guys. I have to kill them before they kill me.  So like right now I see an opportunity for you and me to work together.  Okay.  Jamal and Jack, I want one of those two gone. And if you hooked up with the  girls and we got one of those guys out, you would go forward and we would  break them up. So think about it.  Okay.  Noura has a plan. The problem is nor a is absolutely crazy and I think a  little bit delusional.  This morning, by the way, that watered tasted chill.  She's all over the place, but I would be crazy to work with her, but I have  absolutely discovered a crack.  Noura is I still look at Jack and Jamal as trying to run the show. I think  she's crazy. And she's like --  she's out of her mind.  That's like, think about it. I think I got the girls, and I think if you come  on board, we can do it.  Old Vokai are on the same page. We're taking out former Lairo one on one.  Then Noura decides to go bonkers by trying the pull together a group to come  after me.  Tying yourself to her is not move. Noura is so out of tune and so unreliable  in this game. She doesn't get it. That's the reason why for me getting Noura  out is of the highest priority.  You want this logo where it's supposed to be in.  Turn it around. There you go.  It's like getting dressed for the prom.  <br/>There you go.  [screaming]  a spider.  It was a tarantula?  I'm never sleeping in this again.  I didn't get a good look at it, but it was this big.  Was it a trash la.  We're all smiling and laughing and joking around, but if we lose, stuff is  about to get real serious, because we're 4-4. You know, for Vokai and poor  old Lairo is basically a stalemate.  How will we get the numbers?  I don't think they'll turn.  They're also willing to go to rocks, which means we would have to go to  rocks.  Are we willing to do that?  Us people need to stick together. We basically will have to draw rocks and no  hard feelings. Aaron, Missy, Elizabeth, they are loyal. If we lose and go the  tribal council, I don't think they'll slip.  I don't want to go to rocks. He's not going to go to rocks.  I'm not going to put my fate in the game the chance, not a chance. I'll  pledge my loyalty to you and tell you, if you want one of my girls out, then  it's time to cut one of them. I would prefer not Missy or Elizabeth, they're  loyal to me. That means they're loyal to you.  She doesn't realize you would be willing the write her name down?  No, at all.  They flip at the drop of hat. They're scrambling and fighting for themselves.  Aaron said he would be willing to vote Elaine. Sounds great. It's all good in  the hood here. It really is.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. Vokai getting your first look at the new Lairo tribe.  Tom voted out at the last tribal council. All right. Let's get to today's  reward challenge. For today's challenge you'll transport a sled loaded with  sandbags and one tribe member on top down a trap and through a series of  obstacles. You'll retrieve a key. Use the key to unlock a slingshot. Use the  slingshot to knock down three targets. One more thing, the person you carry  on top of the sled must also be the person who shoots at the target. Billing  choice. You're putting one person in a big role. First to finish wins reward.  Want to know what you're playing for?  Yes.  Jeff: If you haven't heard them already...  Might be a chicken. [applause]  Jeff: Chickens.  I want to eat that.  Jeff: Vokai, you have one extra person, sitting somebody out. Whoever you sit  out must compete the next immunity challenge. Who is it going to be in  Elaine is going to sit out.  Jeff: Elaine, you are not going to take a spot on the sitout bench. You are  headed to Island of the Idols. Boat is waiting for you. Head out.  Oh.  Win me a chicken, please.  We'll save you one.  Dang, that sucks.  Jeff: Dang, that sucks?  I wanted to play, Jeff.  Jeff: You were already sitting out.  I know, but at least watch it.  Jeff: Give you guys a minute to strategize. You'll get started. All right.  Hoar we go, for reward, Survivors ready. Go!  Tell us when to go?  One, two, three...  Jeff: Whoever you put on that sled is going to be your target shooter. It's  going to be Jack and Aaron in the showdown at the end. But first you got to  get there. Lift your tribe member up to get to that key. Aaron is there  first. Jack right behind. Every second counts. You only have three targets to  knock down.  Go!  Jeff: Vokai has it.  Sandbags, go, go, go,.  Jeff: Lairo is right behind. Vokai in the lead. Start unloading those bags.  Let's go, Lairo. Start unloading those bags. Jack cannot help, Aaron cannot  help. You got to get those bags.  Watch where you're throwing them.  Jeff: However you can to your platform. And that are heavy. Vokai has a good  system of transporting them.  Good job, guys. Keep it going.  Jeff: Lairo carrying them individually. Which system will work bet center  right now it's Vokai with a bit of a lead still. Lairo right behind. Vokai  with their last bag. You're good! Get back in the sled. Lairo with their last  bag. Both tribes finish at almost the same time.  Ready? Lift!  Jeff: You have to get to that final cradle. Lairo is moving quickly. They  have caught up. Aaron is there. Jack is there. Here it come, the showdown.  All right, Jack.  Jeff: Aaron trying to unlock his slingshot. Jack getting his free. Aaron's  good. Jack is good. We are still side by side.  This is is all you, baby.  Jeff: Three targets. Here we go. For reward, Aaron just misses.  You got it, Jack. You got this.  Jeff: Jack with his first toss. And he's got one out of the gate. Lairo in  the lead. They're not used to this. Eric with shot.  Think chicken, baby.  Jeff: Aaron ties it up. Both tribes have two targets left.  You got, this buddy.  Jeff: Jack with another shot.  Here we go.  Jeff: Just misses. Aaron rears back. Number two for Vokai. It's Vokai in the  lead. One target away from winning reward.  Jack, you got this.  Jeff: Jack trying to tie it up right here. Just misses to the left.  Come on! Come on!  Jeff: Aaron all the way back for the win. And he does it! Vokai wins.  Chickens waiting for Vokai become at camp. Lairo, same story, got nothing for  you.  We're winning every challenge we go to. New Vokai tribe is all this all day,  but with Island of the Idols, I think you have to assume the worst, and if Elaine  comes back with an idol, that tremendously complicates the next immunity vote  if we get to it. It makes it very scary.  We have a lot of extra time here on Island of the Idols. Nobody is voting us  off, so I’m building a shelter like you've never seen before on "Survivor."  it's basically like the mansion of all shelters. We're getting there. A  little bit at a time. I haven't decided yet, but I may corner off one side of  the shelter just for Sandra, because she snores at night. [laughing]  i understood my tribe's reasoning for want to set me out. I'm 5'2", a  little busted can of biscuit, but that's the story of my life. Everyone  underestimates me because of my size. But I have the heart of a lion and I’m strong  like an ox. They underestimate that big time. I'm okay being by myself and  rolling solo. I'm hoping getting sent to the Island of the Idols is a game  changer. &gt;&gt;wow. What in the world shut your face. Holy crap.  Welcome. Come on. Give me a hug. How are you?  You're my hero.  This is the Island of the Idols.  What's your name?  Elaine.  Elaine, I’m Rob  i know who you are.  I love the hat.  Come in. We'll explain everything.  How's it going?  It's going, dude. I can't believe y'all are here. It's crazy.  We should get down to bids.  Okay.  Everybody that comes to the Island of the Idols gets a lesson. Today your  lesson is about having the courage to be daring. It actually starts right  now.  What?  In "Survivor," you of the haven't to make split-second decisions.  Right.  You have to do it without hesitating and sometimes without information.  Uh-huh.  That's the situation today. You have until the sand runs out of that bottle  to decide whether or not you're going to accept your test. If the sand runs  out of that bottle before you give me a --  let's do it. I'm ready.  You're going to do it.  Let's do it.  You don't know what you're going for.  I don't care. Let's do it. This is "Survivor." let's go  immediately Elaine jumps all over me. I'll take it. I'll take it, Rob.  Elaine, I haven't told you what it is, Rob. I don't care. I'll take it. Being  that impulsive is a double-edged sword. She's seizing the opportunity, but  sometimes maybe stick your feet in the water before you jump in. &gt;&gt;you  really don't know what you said yes. To you didn't let me get it to.  Story of my life. This is what I come for. I come for the experience,  adventure  i like it.  I'm in the here just for $1 million, even though the million would be sweet.  I'm here for more than that. I just lost my mom three months before I come  out here, so I want to soul search. I want that lifetime journey. I want some  of that  how are you feeling?  Nervous.  It's not time to be nervous. You better start serving  i love Elaine. She's balls to the wall. That's how you play "Survivor."  but the easy part is over. Now is the hard part.  At this point we can fill you in on what you just agreed to and tell you your  test. At your next immunity challenge, a block of advantage will be hidden.  You must be grab it while surrounded by your tribe mates. Both teams will  start on a mta. The first thing you have to do is dig in the sand to get into  the cage. Then tribe members have to move the cage over a table and set it  down. Underneath the table, that's where your advantage will be. I'm going to  tell you, it's not going to be easy. You have to grab this advantage in plain  sight of all your tribe mates in the middle of a challenge, an you only get  one shot to do it. If you miss your opportunity, there's no going back. You  got it?  I can do this. I'm like a ninja. I can do it.  Here's the thing, Elaine. If you fail the grab the advantage, there is a  consequence. You will lose your vote at the next tribal council.  Oh. 4-4. That's a rough one. Damn. That sucks. If we go the tribal council  and it's 4-4 and I lose my vote, then we're sitting ducks. So, yeah, big  stakes, but I like stakes. Yum, yum, yum.  There's one more thing.  Are you going to give me a chicken?  We want you to choose the next person from the opposite tribe to come visit  us here.  Elaine, she won me over. She has the gusto. She has the complete package. And  she's daring.  All right, Rob.  Remember, choose your opportunity okay. Go for it.  You got this. She came to play, and if her tribe mates don't watch out,  she'll be right there at the end, and she could easily take this money.  That rhythm is wancaluca.  I do not know much about west africa. But Jamal is ten years older than I am.  He has so much more experience and wiz come than I do, so it's fun just  seeing Jamal make his own drum and teach Kellee a west african Dance.  Jamal, teach me how to do the Dance.  Jump back.  It's kind of cool to see him opening up and sharing more. I love it. It is  great.  Now do that.  I was self-conscious. White people, I’m always like, do you welcome the race  conversation?  Careful.  Jack walks away.  Do-rag. Jack is walking by, and he's like, Jamal, can you use your do-rag to  lift the pot. I immediately stand up and him and look at him.  I make a joke. That sucked. I immediately knew that I had said something  wrong. And I was very embarrassed to have said it. I just was like thinking  about it makes me sweaty. I just felt really bad, because I felt like I compromised  -- I felt like Jamal sees me in this mature way, and I feel like I took a  step backward  i want you to know I’m embarrassed I did that to you.  Hopefully we can move forward from here. It will take me a little bit of  time. I hope you can respect that  absolutely.  Okay.  It's a little complicated about why this is insulting. And I can understand  why someone might think what's the big deal? Don't black men wear durags? The  problem is the image a lot of white america has about black member is the  thug, the deadbeat father, right, the leech on social services, which is  often unfortunately people wearing durags, tattoo, wife beaters, right? So  this whole caricature is so engrained in our culture and so comfortable for  mainstream white america to digest about the black male body that for a  sweet, well-intentioned boy like Jack, it flows off the tongue. You have  pillars of identity, race, gender, sexual orientation, socioeconomic status,  you have religion. Interesting to recognize that you see it that way.  Very.  White straight men have a really long way to go when it comes to  self-awareness about their privilege in this world.  I think that is why I feel so poorly about what I did but also what I’m taking  is that me being more aware, because I -- there's a lot of places where I can  be more of an active person.  That's exactly right. Now, to reach a little further, where do you think you  can possibly understand what it's like to be on the botTom?  On the botTom?  Jamal has a way of helping me understand that privileges do exist. You know,  I don't think of myself as the most privileged person, but the fact of the  matter is I am very privileged. I am. And it's really cool to share a very  human moment with my strongest ally, because it brought us together more as  friends, even though I made very stupid comment. Thank you for allowing me to  apologize.  Well, thank you for doing so. It means a lot, and it's helpful for me to talk  that way out here, because it's hard to know when it's safe to come on strong  with that kind of thing.  No, I mean, I want you to.  Yeah.  Especially with me, feel comfortable.  Because it can be divisive and we're playing a social game.  I got to tell you, I don't get a lot of apologies like that. I don't get a  lot of people recognizing just how harmful those little moments add up to be.  And so Jack's apology to me kind of like made up for a lot of times when i've  had to feel so insignificant and let it roll off my shoulders for my own  social mobility. So that apology, man, i'll remember that for the rest of my  life.  Which one is the rooster?  I don't know.  We are some dumb city folk, I have to tell you that much. I don't know if  there's anything male about this one. Hey, fella.  I'm happy I can share it with somebody now. Is it good or bad? Can you tell  me?  It's good for us.  If I can get it.  I met Rob and Sandra.  Shut up.  We would keep the majority.  I'll cover for you.  There is an advantage for you at the immunity challenge if I can get it. But  I’m nervous, so I spilled the beans to Elizabeth, because she's been to the Island  of the Idols. She can relate to my predicament. It's not as easy as it  sounds, because everybody is going to be right there at that one table.  Everybody's eyes will be right there.  This is huge, Elaine.  No pressure.  Right? Totally fine. Just another day in the office, right? Just another day  in the office, right?  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. Let's get to today's immunity challenge.  First things first, Dan, we'll take it back. Thank you. Once again immunity  is back up for grabs. For today's challenge you're going to dig under a large  bamboo cage. Pick it up and make you way across the course, collecting five  balls along the way. When you reach the finish, you'll attempt to land those  balls into five targets. The first to finish wins immunity, safe from the  vote. Losers tribal council where somebody will be the sixth person voted out  of this game. Vokai, you have one extra person. Elaine sat out the last  challenge. Who is going to sit out this one?  I am.  All right, Lauren. Take a spot on the sitout bench.  Thank God.  Jeff: Everybody else take a minute to strand -- strategize. We'll get  started. All right. Hoar we go. For immunity? Survivors ready in go!  Let's go, let's go!  Jeff: First thing you have to do is dig as a tribe under that cage and get  inside it.  That's the way to work, Elizabeth.  Jeff: Elizabeth is under first for Vokai. There goes Jason.  Let's go, Kellee.  Keep dig, y'all.  Jeff:  keep digging. Kellee is in. She can start digging from the inside. Vokai has  big hole. There goes Aaron right behind.  Way to work, Vokai.  ?Oo you're good. Vokai has the cage. They're out of the gate first. Vokai in  the early lead.  Go, go go,.  Listen up, listen up.  Jeff: Vokai now untying their knots.  Come on, baby. There you go. Lift.  One, two, three. Right, right, right.  Okay.  Good job.  You got to untie every knot.  Let's go.  Hold on. Hold on.  Vokai has their ball. They're heading out.  No way. No way.  Come on, Elizabeth.  Get it, get it, get it.  Jeff: Vokai once again in the early lead. Lairo has their knots. They're  good. Get your balls. Pick it up. Now Vokai working on their second set of  balls. Here comes Lairo trying the stay in it. That cage is heavy. Got the  lift it over. Over!  Lift, lift, lift, lift!  Jeff: Lairo struggling again.  Go, go, go, go. Vokai on their second set of balls. They're good. Vokai has  been almost unstoppable this season.  Show me the ball. Come on. Give me the ball, give me the ball.  Jeff: You're good. Go, Vokai.  Come on, come on.  Lairo, pick it up! Let's go.  Jeff: No communication at all. Lairo has won one challenge all season long.  Vokai can start shooting now. Here comes Lairo. You're good. Get to work.  Tommy now going the take over for Vokai. That's in for Vokai. Vokai with one.  Jamal scores for Lairo. We're tied 1-1.  Come on.  Dean going the take over for Lairo. Is that in? It is. Lairo in the lead 2-1.   Come on.  Here we go. That's it.  Jeff: Aaron ties it up. It's 2-2.  Left. That's it, that's it.  Jeff: Aaron puts a third in. For Vokai.  Two more.  Jeff: Jamal with a nice toss. Just misses. It is Vokai with three, Lairo with  two. Make it four for Vokai. Aaron could win it right here.  Get up, get up.  Jeff: Jamal trying the keep Lairo in it. Would hate to go back the tribal  council. Will that go? N? It does. It is 4-3.  Please, please.  Jeff: Aaron, that looks good. In and out. Jamal ties it up. It is 4-4. We have  a showdown. Aaron, will it drop? No! Dean for the win. Dean does it for Lairo!  Lairo win, sending Vokai to tribal council where somebody will be the sixth  person voted out of this game, and it will not come from the Lairo tribe. It  won't be anybody from Lairo going home. Congratulations. Immunity is yours.  Everybody safe from Lairo. Great britain your stuff, head back to camp, enjoy  the night off. All right Vokai, a rare occurrence, i'll be seeing you at  tribal council where somebody will be the sixth person voted out of this  game. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. See you tonight at tribal.  We ended up losing the challenge, but this block of votes is huge. It  couldn't have came at a better time. I'm going to play the hero and ride in  on my stallion and jump off and save the day for my peeps.  Doesn't taste good. Sorry, honey. We do have to go to tribal council. We're  having chicken dinner. Right now Elaine is like one of those chickens in the  cage waiting to be slaughtered. It's still going to taste good. Unless Elaine  has an idol, she's going home. Tonight I’m hoping we get a big bird.  Congratulations. You have earned the block-a-vote advantage. If they get  spooked, they might vote with them.  Yeah.  You have me, Elizabeth, and Aaron to vote.  I'll let you tell them because it's your secret.  Okay.  The block the vote changes everything. This is a glimmer of hope for the four  Lairo here at Vokai 2.0 to survive, but we need to have four numbers to their  three. So as long as Elaine and I can conVince Missy and Aaron to vote with  us, we're going to be fine.  Oh, oh, perfect.  Do you love me?  Yeah.  That's awesome.  You got to block the vote.  You can block one of their votes.  You're us with, right?  Absolutely.  Are you in?  I'm in. I'm in.  Who would have thunk it. Little old k.y. Would come through for the team.  That's awesome. That's the coolest part, like I get to do this for my peeps.  I love you.  I love you, too.  I got a block the vote.  Okay.  I got a block the vote. I got it at the challenge.  Okay. Okay.  So we're going the block one of their votes.  We're living another day.  Thanks, Elaine.  Now we run the game. Okay. This is crazy. We were basically offering up Elaine  as a sacrifice, but because she can save us, now she's our hero.  Now we control the game.  Good to go.  What I’m doing is 100% a cover to keep Elaine relaxed. Hey, we're okay. We're  okay. Well, you're not okay.  How's it going?  You feel good?  I think it makes more sense for my game to roll with you guys.  Elaine has the block a vote. But if I hop in with Vokai, we could still take Elaine  out of this game. If I prove my loyalty at this point in time and I vote the  way Vokai wants me to vote, Elaine goes home. I get cemented with these guys.  I don't think tribal council to tribal council, I think three votes from now.  I don't want to just make merge. I want to win this game.  She doesn't have an idol, right?  No. No. No, she doesn't.  Island of idol, you never know.  No, she doesn't.  Seriously?  Elaine goes off, because we keep strong, Aaron and Missy. That's the easiest  best vote.  Elaine, if there's no idol.  I don't think Elaine is smart enough to have an idol.  I'm cool.  I say we vote Elaine.  Rock 'n' roll, baby. Rock 'n' roll.  Honestly, I don't know that erain has the strategic mind to be able to play  us, but like even if Elaine does have an idol, I know it's Missy and Elizabeth  would spill the beans. They want Elaine out.  Right.  Unless you girls have something that I don't know.  No.  Tonight is an absolute war between Lairo and Vokai, and Vokai doesn't even  know it. We get to decide who goes home. For me it would make sense to take  out Lauren because Lauren doesn't shield me. Lauren doesn't really do  anything for my game. But honestly, there is a reason to vote out every  single one of the Vokai.  Dan is a sketchy person in general on "Survivor." I see him  checking our bags when he thinks no one is watching. I'. Watching him because  I trust no one. Dan would be a great option to go home. There's nothing they  can do about it.  Vokai is in for a rude awakening. I think Tommy is the biggest threat. He's  got close ties with everybody. I've got him in my sight, you know what I mean?   This tribal is going to be nuts.  It's going to be nuts. But then again, you got Jason, he's strategic and I think  he's really smart, but I got my moves. I got my moves on I’m wanting to make.   Elaine feels like she's in a power position, which is great, but she really  doesn't have any power right now. I have control of this game. I can now  choose who goes home. I can choose what moves are made now. She was my first  vote out. That's where I wanted to go. I tried to. I publicked hard for it.  That's what I’m saying.  So we can't allow that.  I have made several promises in this game. Some of those promises I keep and  so I haven't. The game is "Survivor."  this guarantees us merge. Somebody's heart is going to be broken. I have to  blame somebody's trust. A sure vote would be Elaine to get them on board, or  I can stay Lairo strong, maybe you end up on the right side of the numbers,  maybe you don't. Going into tribal council, it's an open game. And this game  is going to be very, very live, very live.  Jeff: All right. Let's imagine we're in a living room, special night,  watching "Survivor." we have some doughnuts. Tribal council comes  and it's four Vokai, four Lairo. Jason, how far into the screen are you  leaning in anticipation?  Jeff, we're in a unique situation here that this early in the game we're at a  4-4 tie split. And to be at this point, because of a swap, it's wild. So this  is a very important vote tonight:.  Jeff: Elaine, you are nodding.  Yeah, it's like an old fashioned standoff. We've drawn the line in the sand.  We know which side everybody stands on, and I ain't scared of no fight. You  know what I mean? Bring it as far as I’m concerned.  I hope she got it.  Jeff: So Aaron, this is a big moment. If you go 4-4 and you go to rocks, then  everybody is playing the same game. All it takes is one person to be on a  different side and the whole plan blows up.  Sure. Everybody understands the magnitude of what's about to happen some  tonight whether you end up on the right side or the wrong side, you have to  pick up the pieces and figure out what's best for your game.  Look, there is a lot of Vokai still left in this game. So us four flipping  makes no sense, so far get is on our back and we're labeled a flipper. They  can now join our side and then they're in with us. They can be a Vokai.  He's selling them kool-aid.  But it is them asking us to eat one of our own. How do I trust we do that and  down the line they will carry us?  We go back seven strong. We're showing each other that the people who remain  are the people we all want to play with, and --  but it's a lot easier for you to say that because you are on the top of the  numbers. With we're on the botTom, so oh, trust, trust, trust. As far as I’m concerned,  I know after tonight, there's going to be people that's going to be hurt  feelings, you know, and we'll have the move forward because somebody goes home  from my four, I’m going to have to suck it up buttercup and move on. So  they'll have to do the same if it's one of them.  Jeff: Jason, this is the art of negotiation. Right? There's just one problem.  Nobody actually does have leverage if it's 4-4.  Jeff, the group with the upper hand is the group that is more likely to draw  rocks, and right now I know that it's my group that's more willing to draw  rocks.  I'm willing the draw rocks.  I'm willing to draw a rock.  I think all of us are.  I'll draw a rock.  Jeff: So Tommy, you're prepared to go home.  Smiejs you have to take extreme risks to set you up really well for the rest  of the game.  Jeff, yeah, I don't like rocks.  She got it.  And I just want to go ahead and apologize beforehand. But I have something to  read.  Jeff: Okay.  All right. It says you have earned the block a vote advantage. When it's time  to vote, declare which player you want to block from casting a vote, and that  person will not be able to vote. So i'd like the play this.  Jeff: And whose vote do you want to block?  I'd like the block Jason's vote.  Damn.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Elaine.  Oh, my God.  Thanks, Elaine. Why me? We could have been good friends.  We can still be good friends, bro.  Jeff: Wow, Jason, your face right now. I thought going to rocks would be  something that is out of my control, but now this is really out of my  control.  Jeff: Jason, what do you think is happening with all of the talking now?  What do I think is happening? I mean, I don't know. I would like the kind of  know what's going on.  Yeah, I think they're going after somebody else.  Jeff: Lauren, what's that emotion happening right now? [crying]  what?  Is this because you're feeling that maybe you will be going home?  I mean, i've been dreaming of being here since I was 11 years old. It sucks.  It sucks.  Dan, if this is the end of the road for you, what's it been about?  A lot less than I hoped, Tom brady honest. I'll be incredibly disappointed  that this is the way it ends.  Jeff: Tommy, how does this sit with you?  It's awful. I will replay this night for the rest of my life.  Jeff: Jason, you go home tonight, what's the story?  Jeff, with every waking moment that i've been here, I have been thinking what  if this is the end, what if these are my last moments on "Survivor."  I mean, up to the "Survivor" Gods now, Jeff.  Jeff: All right. It is time to vote. Jason, you won't vote, Missy, you're up.   You never made me so scared in my life before.  You never made me so scared in my life before.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes.  Oh, my God. I'm dying.  Jeff: If anybody has the hidden immunity idol an you want the play it, now  would be the time to do so. Okay. I'll read the votes. First vote, Elaine.  Elaine. Two votes Elaine. Elaine. Three votes Elaine. Jason. Jason. That's two  votes Jason. Jason. We're tied. Three votes Jason, three votes Elaine. One  vote left.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Sirks person voted out of "Survivor: Island of the Idols" Jason.  You need to bring me your torch.  Hey, don't trust Aaron. Good luck.  Sorry, Jason.  Hey, I’m so happy none of you turned on me. I love you guys. You're my  friends for life. Okay?  Jason, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go.  Suck it up, buttercup?  Jeff: Well, everybody here loves this game. And nights like tonight are why.  Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night. Captioned by media access  group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," an empire falls.  This is our tribe and we're taking over.  Jeff: And a rebellion rises.  When do we not keep cowering down. Let's break away and cut his throat off.  Jeff: But the war is far from over.  Now we have to put a plan into action.  As fan, it's a crazy way to go out. It's not your typical blindside, but it  still sucks. This was my dream, despite my horrible start to this game, I really  feel like I had my finger on the pulse, and I probably got voted out because  I was too big of a threat, which i'll wear like a badge of honor. That's  life, man. You can't win 'em all.