<br/>i'm scared.  Now it's dog-eat-dog.  I think we're doing this.  At tribal, I blocked Jason's vote, and Jason went home. I didn't know things  would shake out like that. I knew the old Vokai would have sour grapes and be  butt hurt. It's what I had to do for me and my core. Now they're shaking in  their shoes because we're up on numbers.  Unfortunately Tommy, Dean and I were on the outside. Missy and I had had  built a real connection, so I feel like I was lied. To.  It is what it is.  All I can hope is we don't lose immunity and I don't go home.  No girl has gone home since the swap. You are the only connection to the  girls on the other side. You can't go home.  I want to believe that from you. It's hard to put faith and trust in people  when they tell you one thing and do another. So I have to decide what is the  best thing for my game.  This is a game changer.  Good move.  That's why I done it.  By taking Jason out of the game, we put them on their heels, and now we know  they're going to come scrambling back, begging for their lives, because now  who is in control over here? We are.  We're going to get the fire started. Do you have flint?  What kind of question is that?  Let's get it going then.  It was a terrible night. We had torrential downpours the entire night. Jamal  took the lead on working with the flint and getting the fire started, an he  took a lot of shots at it.  I think you should try fire.  Whatever. Doesn't matter.  You're welcome to do it.  So I take the magnesium, and Jamal basically starts telling me what to do.  And basically like takes it from me. And I’m like pissed off.  Am I out of line?  I think you should have let her try.  Like I get really impatient with incompetence, especially when I have no food  and I haven't gotten sleep. It just got to me and I was like, oh, my God,  like you aren't good at this, let someone else give it a try who knows what  they're doing.  Wow. There you go. He says things like it's my way or the highway, and  whether it's doing stuff around camp or strategy, I think he's just a tough  person to work with.  The portions came out smaller with less water.  No, the portion is smaller because it started off smaller.  Okay, that, too. Okay, got it. But in here it's definitely barely a cup.  I'll give you some of mine.  Because you have rice in your hand.  No, I put it flat in this.  I go, I think there's a problem. There's only one scoop left in the bowl, and  Jamal, he locks at me and goes, it's because you have a heaping portion on  that shell of yours and I’m like, you're a complete -- you have the audacity  to tell me there's not enough in the pot because Noura had too much. I hate Jamal.  I'm so over him. I'm over his face. I'm over his repressive remarks. At what  point do we not keep cowering down to things like that? At what point do you  say, let's breck away and cut his throat off.  I'm going to play the woman card here. We are strong, smart, independent  women, and what point in the game do we start having our own game, like --  when we get to the merge.  You don't even feel like it's worth trying to get him out before?  I think it would be too Dangerous. I think we need to wait until we get to  the merge.  Noura is all about a girl's alliance, pro women, rah, rah, rah, and we're not  doing that. Honestly, I don't trust Dean.  You don't?  I don't.  The plan as of right now on the next vote is Dean because hess a pretty boy,  he's all about himself.  I'm so happy I found you guys the play. With you guys are making my "Survivor"  dream come true.  Wow.  And Karishma will be a loyal vote because she's been ostracized by our old  tribe. It's matter of keeping Noura's head with us.  Let's see what this it will boat man has to say. We see a boat. I know what  that means. Someone is going to Island of the Idols.  Janet must get on the boat and head to the Island of the Idols.  Janet, press her heart, doesn't take it very well.  I'm scared.  Don't be scared.  Fortunately I have faith that she will do the right thing for the tribe. And  our alliance.  My sTomach is doing flip-flops. Everything is calling r crawling up in my  throat. Because going to the Island of the Idols has put a targeted on  people's backs. I did not want that to happen to me. I'm silting in a good  spot. Oh, my God. Oh, my God! Oh oh, my God!  Come on in.  Welcome, come on.  It answers so many questions. The island of the idol, they are the superstar Survivor  idols.  What's your name?  Janet, I’m Rob.  I know.  Janet, come in and we'll explain everything, okay?  You okay?  Yeah.  This is a big moment for me. This could be a turning point in my game. I was  is scared that I had to go to the Island of the Idols. Usually that's like  huge target on your back, but my tribe, they trust me.  That sounds good.  So it sounds like you're in a pretty good spot right now.  I am.  But sometimes you have to think beyond right now. The better players think  two or three moves ahead.  That's what I’m trying to do.  Let me explain how it works. Everybody who comes here gets a lesson, and  today's lesson is about calculated risk. So in "Survivor," there  are countless opportunities to apply this come collated risk. You don't make  moves in this game without knowing why you do it.  Tonight I am offering up my immunity necklace, and I will be making fire  against rick devens.  The point of this entire lesson is about calculating risk.  It's the biggest risk i'mcation.  Wow.  The minute you stop analyze, that's the minute you fall asleep at the wheel  and your gone.  <br/>Jeff: The winner of "Survivor: Edge of extinction" chris!  If your back is against the wall, you might have to this something that you  normally wouldn't do. So today we're going the play a little game. This game  will help you to start to understand calculated risk. It's a risk versus  reward game. Just like in Survivor, the greater the reward, the higher the  risk. If you win, you earn a safety without power advantage. This advantage  protects you from being voted out at one tribal council. You will leave  tribal council before the vote and return to camp. So you can't be voted out.  The last time you can use it is when there are seven players left in the  game. But if you lose the game, you lose your vote at the next tribal  council. It's your choice. Do you want to play the game, or do you want the  play it safe and return to camp?  Let's say I win and I walk away before the vote, keening me safe, but does  that put a bigger target on me at the next tribal council? Because I could  potentially be screwing my alliance and not get the person out that I agree  on, but the other side of that is I could get voted out. I'm going to not  play.  Why?  Because I think it would put a bigger target on me if I left a tribal council  for the following tribal.  I'm smiling, because you really understood this lesson. And I’m really happy  at the fact you're able to run the scenario in your mind, calculate the risk,  and make a decision. That's what this game is all about.  She was first person to come here and just say no to our offer. Everyone  else, they were just chomping at the bit to accept anything that Rob and I put  in front of them.  Hang in there.  Bye.  I keep saying the winner this season will be a female. I'm waiting for you to  take me up at that bet.  I'm not crazy. I was been at night but not last night.  January set a very logical player. She has wisdom. She has age. She's done  this for years already. So right there it tells me that her longevity in this  game, she's got the makings of a winner. We need an older winner.  Janet's here. Janet! Is she crying or happy?  She's got thumbs-up. That's good.  Show us the idol. [cheering]  Janet flashes her front to confirm i've got nothing on me, but she's also  like a free woman and a free spirit and she's likes being naked apparently.  It's always a little nerve-racking because I need their story to be  consistent with mine. We're halfway through the entire season of "Survivor"  and only the people at the Island of the Idols seem to know what's exactly  there.  So I got to the island. Mine was a game of chances. It said, you can take a  game of chances, this is 50% chance that you would win and a 50% chance that  you would lose. I didn't have to solve anything.  So luckily Janet tells almost the exact same story that I told about Island  of the Idols. If I lost, there would be a consequence. I chose not to play.  We respect your decision.  When people come back from the Island of the Idols, they're in this secret  club, and it was a relief that the secret has stayed a secret.  Last night was he lying on his back?  It was a wild animal.  It was a Danger zone.  I feel violated.  Oh, God.  I mean, last night it was. Is this okay?  New york no, it was --  i was like, sure. Is this okay.  Bonding I think is almost like 95% of this game. And we all seem to get along  fine, but there are some pretty weird, uncomfortable things. Right now it's a  game between Dan, Tommy and i. We're on the botTom of the numbers. We all  know that one of us is going to have to go home. But my number one right now  is Tommy. He's like a brother to me.  There's three chickens. There's three Vokai. One of us is going to have to  get chopped.  Which one?  That one.  You're red like me. You can stay.  That one is black like me. [laughter]  Dan is unfortunately the person that is going to be the one that has the  target painted on his back, so right now it's operation save lauran and Tommy.   Okay. Now is not the time to freak out. Now is the time to get our heads in  the game. Thing that scares me is they know you andry close, and they probably  want the break us up before we go to the merge, so now we have to put a plan  into action the make sure that doesn't happen and to paint Dan as a  flip-flopper.  Right now I’m in a bad, bad spot, because now it's dog-eat-dog.  I don't want to go home before merge.  I know, Tommy. I'm not letting you go home. It's okay. I know you're scared,  but there's going to be times when I feel the same way, and we have to be  able to have each other and reassure each other that it's going to be fine.  Yeah.  Okay.  So it's time to lie, cheat, steal. I'll do whatever I need to do to make Dan  look like a very, very sneaky player.  I think I got an idea. Dab came to us and said let's vote out Aaron.  There are always plans. There's always something. Unfortunately Dan is that  crack. I see what's going on. Lauran and Tommy are trying to get rid of Dan,  but lauran and Tommy, they are tight. Super tight.  I don't care which one of the three it is.  Dan?  Tommy and lauran are close. Lauran can pull those people without Tommy. If Tommy  is gone, lauran is more likely to work with us.  I think it's brilliant. I think we're doing this.  Lauran's connection to Tommy is Dangerous. So I’m thinking, take Tommy away  from lauran, and she'll have no where else to go. I don't want lauran and Tommy  to become the superpair that's unstoppable. That's catastrophic.  Jeff: Come on in, guys!  Jeff: Come on in, guys! All right. Let's get to today's immunity challenge.  Jack, first things first. Take back the idol. Once again immunity is back up  for grabs. For today's challenge, you're going the race to shoot coconuts  into a basket. When the basket becomes heavy enough, it will trigger the  puzzle pieces to drop. You'll then use the pieces to solve a very large and  heavy Survivor puzzle. First to finish wins immunity, safe from the vote.  Losers tribal council where somebody will be the seventh person voted out of  this game. Take a minute the strategize. We'll get started.  Let's do it!  Jeff: All right. Another day in Fiji. Raining one second, clear the next. Are  Survivors ready?  Let's go, Missy.  Jeff: You have three shooters rotating, trying the land coconuts in your  basket.  Oh, it's heavy. It's heavy, the heavy.  Jeff: Nice toss by Jack. Tommy lands one. Elizabeth tries. She scores.  Everyone that drops moves you closer to dropping those put l pieces. Jack with  another.  You're killing it, Jack.  With your legs, with your legs.  Jeff: There goes januaryet. Got to get it higher there, Janet. This section  has a learning conserve. It's about the size of the coconut and how often you  can can get it in that basket. Tommy with another.  There you gosh, Tommy.  Jeff: Missy, that's what you got to do. Vokai is on fire. Vokai in the lead.  Lairo struggling in the challenge.  Jeff: All right, Tommy. Tommy launches again. He's good. Vokai inching  closer.  Bigger, Elizabeth.  Jeff: That's how you do it, Elizabeth! That might do it. There they go.  Vokai, you're done. Vokai can start moving their puzzle pieces. Jack launches  again. He's good.  Killing it, Jack.  Jeff: Looking for one more. Yes! That's going to do it. Lairo is good now.  Go, guys.  Jeff: Start moving your pieces.  Here we go.  Jeff: These pieces are heavy. Some of you are going to have to work together  to move them. These pieces are tough. They're large. Dean rolling two at a  time. Nice work. Elizabeth and lauran working together. Vokai in the lead.  All right. Let's go.  Jeff: You're good, Vokai! Start on the puzzle.  Let's go.  Stand it up.  Jeff: Vokai, w lane. Dan, Aaron and lauran.  This is outwit. This is on the top right.  Jeff: You know the symbol. It's the low go of the season. The question is how  quickly can you figure out where each piece goes and how efficiently can you  get those pieces in their spot.  Outwin, outplay, outlast.  Jeff: Lauran barking out orders for Vokai now.  Survivor right there. Dan and Aaron, switch your pieces.  I got it.  Hold on, hold on. Let me step over.  Jeff: Lairo trying to stay in it.  That goes on top.  Move your foot.  Jeff: Immunity on the line. You don't want to go home tonight.  Keep working.  This is outplay. Outwit, outplay. Right there.  Jeff: Lauran still in charge for Vokai.  Let's go!  Jeff: Lairo making up time now. Suddenly we have challenge.  Come on, baby, let's go.  Let's go!  Jeff: Vokai inching closer to a victory.  Come on, baby.  Right here.  Let's go! Let's go!  Jeff! Jeff!  It able right. Right here is wrong.  Jeff: They do not. Something is wrong for Vokai.  Those two pieces. The two side pieces.  Jeff: That opens the door for Lairo.  Come on, guys. We can do this. We can do this.  The middle one. Get it out of the way.  Jeff: They're trying to swap pieces. Will that do it. Lairo moving their last  piece.  Put it down. Put it down!  Rotate it. Rotate it.  We can do this.  Jeff! Jeff! Jeff!  Jeff: Vokai wins immunity. By one piece. Lairo was seconds away. Wow. Vokai  immunity. Nobody going home tonight.  Good job, lauran.  Jeff: Grab your stuff, head back to camp. Enjoy the night off.  Good job, y'all.  Jeff: Lairo, tribal council tonight. Somebody will be the seventh person  voted out of this game. Grab your stuff, head back to camp. See you tonight  at tribal.  Lairo sucks. We lost literally by a second. It's really bad, because right  now I have this idol. I have now been to two tribals and it's only good for  one more tribal, but if old Vokai is going to stay strong, I don't think I need  it. It sucks to let an idol go to waste. We can only do what we know is safe  for us right now we're considering getting rid of Dean beacuse he is the more  unknown one. And that sucks for me to say because I really like Dean. So the  plan is to unanimously vote out Dean tonight at tribal. He's hard the read.  He's a little smarmy. So I think that has people on edge and a smarter move  to get rid of that threat.  What are you guys thinking for tonight's vote?  It's going to be Dean.  I trust you.  Yep, that's what it is. I bring my hidden immunity idol to every single  tribal, but this vote coming up is probably the safest I have felt going into  tribal. That's what you do when you have the majority. Congrats for making it  to the merge.  Thanks.  What we're all feeling is that this is the vote right before the merge. This  vote is going to solidify us to move forward into the merge, and Noura is  handful, but I’m not going to make an emotional vote in this game, and I don't  think how it makes sense to anyone on this tribe to deviate from this plan.  Am I going home tonight? Am I writing down Noura?  Noura.  She's such a loose cannon.  I'll probably give my pitch again at tribal, but moving forward, you have to  realize, it's a guy thing. We have to try to stick together, too.  Dean is concerned, of course, but I don't think he expects to go home because  we've been very fervent in saying we want you to work with the guys, and Noura  doesn't fit in with us.  I definitely want to. I mean, I’m going to owe you my ass.  Tonight I think it's either me or Noura, but if I’m on the hot seat, these  are guys are making it awfully comfortable for me, so unless they're rally  good poker faces, I feel okay. They know Noura. They know she's insane. I  think he's in for a big blind side tonight or else I’m the one being laughed  at.  We're guaranteed the merge. After the merge you can backstab me. I would  really just like the get to the merchg.  Backstab me after a couple.  That's fine. Let's shake hands.  I have this idol from island of the idol, and it's really only good for one  more tribal council that I go to, and that tribal is tonight. Right now, the  vote is Dean. But we have this connection of his ex-girlfriend, who is a  mutual friend, and I really like Dean. I want to work with him. And ideally I  don't let this idol go to waste.  Oh, my God. I just had a moment of inspiration. Okay. Moment of inspiration.  I think I could give Dean the idol. The question is: Can I trust Dean enough  with this idol and he actually writes down a name that I want to go home. And  essentially in my mind there are two option, either Jack or Jamal. Jack, he's  extremely good with people, very empathetic, super fun, and I know I can  trust him.  I'm so committed to you.  Ditto.  Beyond question. Don't even worry about it.  But it's not that smart to keep him in the game when he's so connected to so  many people. Jamal and I have a harder time connecting, and I trust Jamal  less. Jamal I think also does not want to go to the end with me. So I’m trying  to think of creative ways to use this without anyone knowing that I have an  idol, because if anyone finds out that I have an idol, they will know I was  lying about the Island of the Idols or I was lying to them, so I would give Dean  the idol before tribal. The down side risk is if Dean writes down my name, I’m  going to go home, and I go down as the biggest sucker in "Survivor"  history, however, if I conVince Noura that if Dean has an idol she's going  home and get Noura to write down Jack or Jamal's name, then I’m a lot safer.  That would be so brilliant. I'm trying the take a big risk and yet risk  mitigate all at the same time. We don't have that much time. We're about to  go to tribal. You're the next vote.  From who?  From everybody.  Janet?  Everybody.  Even Janet, Jamal, and Jack.  Yes. 1,000%. Tell me you have an idol.  I don't. I'm just completely mind blown. That's crazy. Little did I know, all  along they were coming for me.  Well, I have an idol.  Do you?  Uh-huh. And I am going to give it to you. Wendell you give an idol to someone  and you make such a big move like that with someone, it will auTomatically  cli bond you, at least for a little bit he's going to be loyal to me.  Do you want to pull some strings. I think with every big move, there are a  lot of things that can go wrong. Nothing is foolproof in this game, but if  this plan goes off in the way I hope it goes off, it really will shift the  course of the game. Ly literally be setting off an entire string of dominoes  with this move.  Let the show begin.  Jeff: All right. So, Kellee, if you think "Survivor" is a numbers  game, then is it fair to say it would be a leap for an original Vokai member  the say, I’m going to get rid of my tribal alliances and I’m going to pair up  with Lairo.  Yeah, definitely. I think spend first 12 days with a group of people makes a  huge difference in terms of making bonds, how people vote. That I think makes  a really, really big difference in this game. I think people really  underestimate that  i'd add all the successes they had early on, too.  Jeff: Noura, you are nodding.  Yes, we are a group based on individual partnerships. Because those  partnerships are strong, it's kept us together, and you're thinking, well,  who is this guy? Like I don't know him. He barely can make eye contact with  me when I talk to him sometimes. And so for me, I’m like, am I going to trust  this, or am I going to trust this?  Jeff: Dean, that seemed pretty clear.  I mean, what's worse, me potentially going back to a tribe that pliebdsided  me or keeping someone around that brought up one of your fellow Vokai  members? Noura bringing up Jamal. Am I wrong in saying that? You know that  happened.  It's very apparent that we are big personality, the two of us. This is not  new to anyone. It's definitely great for someone like Dean to say, okay, let  me capitalize on this.  <br/>Jeff: An you did just say, you had no love for Dean.  The opposite of love isn't hate. It's indifference. So if I might hate him  sometimes, that can happen, you can hate your own loved ones, your own  family, but if I have indifference for you, that's a lot weaker than me  hating him sometimes.  Wow.  Wow.  Jeff: One sticking point, you have been trying to get me out, is that right?  Is Dean right?  Listen, Dean is doing an excellent job to do what he can to get in between  us.  That's not an answer.  I'll tell you, it's gone through my mind, but the botTom line is, I put way  more effort into making sure we can be a cohesive unit, which is what we  want, and we don't want people we can't trust, as well to, get in the way of  that, so I have been very open and honest, and that's where I’m at right now.   Jeff: Jack, the one thing about Noura being so open is you can trust that  she's going to tell you what she thinks so you know what you're getting.  Yeah, knowing what Noura feels is great. That being said, when you get into a  merge-type situation, if you're trying to keep a seen rat from people,  objectively it is marginally scary, but Kellee pointed out, we had a couple  weeks together to develop more trust with Noura, so I’m leaning strongly in  favor of Noura, because I think it benefits my game the way that she is able  to have my back.  Thanks.  Absolutely.  Jeff: So Jamal, how confident are you that if the merge happened Tomorrow you  have the team in place and after tonight's vote it will even be stronger?  I'm not confident i'll be here Tomorrow.  Jeff: Based on what?  Based on what Noura said. I'm very fearful of an all-girls alliance right  now. Look, Jeff, I work at an all-girls school. I know the power of women  when they get together and they understand the collective power, and in this  tribe, 4-3, we're outnumbered. So I’m not sure if it's gotten into these  girl's heads that I’m the one that needs to go home and they're the team they  want to take. So I have no idea.  I find this idea of a woman's alliance so sexiest, sorry. I know that you  didn't mean it that way. But it's really offensive to be like, oh, the women  outnumber the men, they can just take over. Like the amount of fear in "Survivor"  about a women's alliance outpaces the number of times there has actually been  a woman's alliance, not to mention we don't talk about men's alliance, we  don't fear men's alliance, and yet three men have been sitting at the very  end. That's not a thing. For some reason it would be a thing for three women  to sit at the end. We're splitting this arbitrarily by gender. Why is that?  Sorry, I feel really strongly about this.  Let it out, Kellee!  The key word in Kellee's beautifully worded speech that I back 100% is  arbitrary. An I don't think it is arbitrary. I'd love for you to ask Noura if  she has ever considered an all-women's alliance. I think you should throw  that out and see what's happened.  Jeff: Have you ever considered an all-women's alliance?  It sounds cool, why not? Yeah, of course I have.  Jeff: Wow.  We all think about many things. I would be a dumb player if I didn't think  about it at some point. I believe in confident women. I like women that are  making things happen in the world, and I respect it. If you're a woman, you'd  band with us, too  and I’m not, so I’m afraid.  An you're allowed to be.  Jeff: Karishma. Is it possible that there's so much thought about a woman's  alliance because of the seismic cultural shift that's happening in the way we  view gender?  "Survivor" is a microcosm of america. If we look at what's been  going on in america this past year especially with the me too movement. ,  with women feeling empowered to speak up for themselves and tell the stories  of times that they have felt shut down and so back here in "Survivor"  world, it's going the my a part in how you play "Survivor."  exactly.  I don't blame Jamal for being considered that this is a possibility, but with  what Kellee said, it is arbitrary.  Jeff: Janet, this is a really powerful topic, especially for young women who  watch "Survivor," the eight, nine, ten, 11 year olds. This is the  world they know now. Have a voice, stand up, be who you are. As the oldest  woman in this group, you have perspective here that no one else does.  Right.  To assume that women are going to bond based on gender is very negative.  That's putting women down. That's saying women don't have a brain to say,  maybe Jamal has something to offer me as a human being.  Yeah.  You know, it's not based on their sex or on their education or their  socioeconomic background. It's who they are, you no, and to think there are  some wonderful things that have happened with women in the last year, and  trust me, that reflects on the men that are supportive of women, because in  my experience, you can't be a powerful woman without men and women backing  you. You need to earn your respect, your dignity, your position, who you are  as human beings to each other. I mean, I have lived it. Sorry.  That's well said.  Janet, I think that was a really beautiful way of putting it, really trying  the take the individual and humanize each person. That's what the theme  should be about. I think that's how game winners get to the end. That's  another lesson to take away from this game.  Love you.  Jeff: Jamal, never had a tribal like this ever.  It's talking about things that I’m is passionate about and I am just beaming  with pride for the women in front of me to speak about their perspectives and  experiences and I’m getting perspectives about myself from different people  and learning about different kinds of people, so it's real. It's what we have  just been living for 19 days.  Jeff: Jack, on one hand, beautiful bonding, powerful conversation, and on the  other hand, somebody is going to be voted out. How do you possibly balancing  that on a night like tonight?  We are playing a game. These relationships that we're building are very true.  Just because I’m going to write your name down does not mean I don't central  you that relationship that I made. I expect everyone and I hope everyone to  have the same perspective at the end of the game.  Jeff: Kellee, is that possible, that you can have a bond that's real and  still betray each other?  I mean, I certainly hope so. As we go into the mastering, I think that will  likely happen more and more, and yet it is an emotional rollinger coaster to  go back and forth between the two.  Jeff: I can in the believe after this tribal that we're going to vote  somebody out, but we are. It is time to vote. Janet, you're up.  You took three shots at me and you missed and I’m nailing you on my first  try. Stay dry, sweetheart.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. The anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want the play it, now would be the time to do so.  Jeff, I think I got a little something. Give me a second to fish it out. Just  trying to maked to the mastering. I'm playing it for myself.  Why wouldn't he have played it last time?  Jeff: This is a hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast for Dean will not count.  All right.  Jeff, hold on.  They got all kinds of idols.  Oh, my God.  I'm laying this for Noura.  You are? Oh, my God.  Jeff: This is a hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast for Noura will not  count. Okay. I'll read the votes.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: First vote Dean. Does not count. Dean. Will not count. Dean. Does not  count. Dean. Does not count. Dean. Does not count. Jack. One vote Jack.  Seventh person voted out and first member of our jury, Jack. You need to  bring me your torch.  Dang. They got his ass.  Jeff: Jack, the tribe has spoken.  Bye, Jack.  Love you.  See yaw all.  Jeff: Well, it's nights like tonight that have kept "Survivor"  relevant from going on 20 years. Because you tick a group of people and you  force them to make their own society and quite often that society that you  form is a reflection of the greater society, and then the twists, you got to  vote 'em out. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night. Captioning  funded by cbs access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode. Next time on "Survivor,"  a milestone is hit.  What, what?  We're all really excited to be here at the merge. Now it's game on.  Jeff: And all hell breaks loose.  All of those old Lairo have to go.  We split you and Kellee up.  She told us to vote you.  The plan is to vote you.  I can't go out like a punk.  I'm really sad I’m out of the game. Maybe dncs me as a threat, which is cool.  But everyone that was there wanted me to be there except for one or two  people. Overall this was way freakin' harder than I thawing it was going to  be, but I’m happy with how I did. I think I was able to show my true colors,  and I’m freakin' pumped to be on the jury.