<br/>Jeff: Tonight it's back-to-back episodes of "Survivor."  can I trust her?  I'm like really disgusted.  Well played.  Don't take anything personal. There I was trying to save my own ass. After  tribal I had the play the card like I saved myself, no hard feelings, it's a  game, but everyone was absolutely in shock. The Godmother was upset her son  went home. Jamal was upset he wasted his idol. But Kellee saved my life when  she gave me her idol, and I do feel like I owe a lot to her.  Jamal, I’m sorry you wasted your id.l. On me, and I’m sorry Jack is not here.   Who was the other Jack?  Who was the other Jack?  I thought that you might have abidol, so I had to vote someone today. It  ended up being Jack. That didn't come just from me.  What do you mean?  It was kind of like advised in my best interests that I had to put Jack.  Who told you to vote Jack?  I can't say. I mean, I’m not trying to put other people on the chopping  block.  I am putting you in the hardest position, and your choice is answer it or  don't, but just know that whichever direction you go there are going to be  consequences. Who told you to write Jack's name?  I do feel emdebted to Jamal. You saved my ass with that idol. It's Kellee.  I'm sorry. Sorry, Kellee. I love you. You know that.  It's sickening.  I'm nauseous.  Wow, Noura.  I'm grateful to Kellee.  Kellee is an amazing person.  Noura can, you stop saying my name. Literally just stop saying my name. Like  we had a really tough tribal, can we just table this for Tomorrow?  Okay.  Sorry, Kellee.  Okay, Jamal, can we go talk on the beach? Noura immediately fesses up. It  just made me so mad. But all of what Noura is saying is true. So I’m lying to  what's supposed to be my two closest allies in this game, Janet and Jamal.  Like I am in a pickle.  You are unequivocally denying having spoken to Noura right before tribal?  Yeah.  I did not say that?  That didn't happen.  When did I get one-on-one time with her today?  I didn't.  I can't believe she threw your name out.  I'm upset for a lot of reasons.  It's convoluted. I think there is some truth to come out. Kellee looks like  she's overwhelmed with emotion and is stressing out, but something about it  doesn't add up.  I'm sorry. If you guys have any doubt --  i don't have doubt in my mind.  I have a little doubt in my mind.  I think Kellee, savvy Survivor player she, is is trying the play an  underground game that played to the surface because she tried to do it with Noura.  You never try to play an underground game with Noura. You never try to play  an underground game with Noura.  So the assumption is there is at least one idol somewhere on the island.  There's no idol here.  And there is on idol friend zych everyone last night saw what an idol can do.  That's why everyone is up at the crack of dawn the look for these idols.  Hopefully I don't find a snake.  Before I came into the game, my sister was like, when an idol played, get up  at dawn and don't stop looking. And I’m not going to stop until I find this  thing.  Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Congratulations, you have found a hidden  immunity idol. When police department at tribal council, any votes cast  against you will not count. You want more tools in your toolbox that you can  use in really creative ways to help you get further in this game. So that's what  this is.  Gather round, gather round. Ready for this? Grab your -- [cheering]  i am a Survivor fan. I know what the words "gather your" means.  The merge to me meant a new beginning in this game.  Hey, look at those people.  I had a really difficult time the first half of this game. I mean, I haven't  had a food reward for the first 20 days of the game. I never had that one  pick me up you need to get you through next five days, so I was just  thinking, feast, feast, feast, I need food.  Oh, hell, yeah.  The merge signifies the next stage of the game of "Survivor." now  it's game on. Now all the relationships that you solidified up to this point,  we'll see if they mean anything or was it just all smoke and mirrors.  James has an announcement.  Here's to an adult ass mastering. Let's get lit  going into this merge, the people I want to reconnect with are Janet and Kellee,  because I was close to both of them in the original Vokai.  You and Kellee.  Uh-huh.  I want to work with you.  Why would I possibly want to work with Jamal? Are you kidding me? It's like  he now wants to work with me?  Unfortunately it's contentious. Right now I’m sitting in the middle seat. Do  I go with old Vokai. We have 7-6 with the numbers. It's the easy route. We  all know each other. Or do I change this game up and go with my new friends, Vokai  2.0.  Oh, Dan, Dan.  I'm done.  I have two options. This game is going to be crazy. You just have to smile  and say, let the games begin.  Yay.  Welcome home.  Coming back the camp with 13 people was very overwhelming. There are so many  different scenarios that could be running through people's heads. The Vokai  2.0 plan was to stay seven strong and then bring in Janet and Kellee, because  we know that as Lairo alone we're down on the numbers, so for us to have a  back-up alliance, where we have the numbers, that's absolutely what I want to  move forward with.  So we have seven for the initial vote?  This is what the plan is: So there's seven of us Vokai.  Right.  Not you guys, like the ones on our tribe. They said bring in Janet and Kellee,  that's nine, and that's the plan.  That would be really bad for us. We're at the top of the old Vokai. If we go  with the new Vokai, we'll be at the botTom. Tommy explained this Vokai 2.0  plus Kellee an Janet creating a nine-strong group. It's so dumb, because why  would I take these great relationships and switch over to this alliance of  nine that literally only helps the four old Lairo?  All of those old Lairo have to go. I think those four are the most Dangerous  players in the game.  Because you don't know them?  No, because I think they're legitimately good players and charming.  Like Missy and Dean.  Dean is not really a threat. Dean know he's on the botTom of the old Lairo.  I don't like the way this is looking. Every idea I pitch gets shut down. They  were so adamant, they were telling me what to do. But my alliance south  carolina gone to be straight-up Vokai. My alliance isn't going to be  straight-up Lairo. My alliance is going to best serve me.  When I first got here, Dan was super kind and super helpful, but then one  night the hands were wandering.  Was .e doing that with Elizabeth, too?  Everybody.  Before the merge I hadn't met Aaron, Elizabeth, Missy. We bonded over the  fact that Dan has been extremely inappropriate.  Day one I refused to sleep next to Dan. Day one, Kellee doesn't like touching  people. I don't like touching people because Dan was touching me. Even  yesterday he was still touching me. I'm like, don't touch my face.  Tommy puts his arm around me and it's like whatever.  It's different.  He's in the like this. And I’m like, why are you touching my rib cage.  It's a game, so I’m assuming nobody would want to say something, because you  can't make a scene.  It's super upsetting, because you can't do anything about it. There are  always consequences for standing up. This happens in real life new york work  settings, in school, you can't say anything because it's going to affect your  upward trajectory, it's going to affect how people look at you.  For my mental health, he can go. He can go, because it doesn't benefit my  game to have to worry about laying there. Like I lay awake, his arm smothers  me. At the merge feast last night, I’m talking with Janet about her kids,  almost going to navy because I went the air force, and I feel like someone  wiggling my toes. I'm like, I wonder who it could be. It's him. It's just  inappropriate touching. I am not an object.  The fact that it makes me, lauran, Elizabeth, Missy, like all of us, Molly,  it made all of us uncomfortable. Like this isn't just one person. It's a  pattern. It's pattern, and it's like, yeah, like it takes five people to be  like, man, like the way that I’m feeling about this is actually real, like  it's not in my head, like I’m not overwe acting. It's like no, he's literally  done these things to five different women in this game. That totally, totally  sucks.  If there are issues to the point where things need to happen.  Yeah.  Come to me and I will make sure that stops.  Okay.  I don't want anyone to feel uncomfortable. Like I said.  I think it will stop because Dan is squared.  I understand. I want to make sure this is not... It's not okay.  Yeah.  I have a -- Kellee scares the hell out of me. Look at her. Now look. Missy.  Kellee is Dangerous. When Missy is supposed to go home, they sat on the beach  for over two hours. What's going on there? Look, I love her, but she is so  smart. She went to harvard. And she's downplayed that so much that no one  views her as a threat. Should we go Kellee first?  I think so.  My biggest thing with Tommy saying Kellee is that I have always felt like her  and I were on the same page. But she's proving to be a very Dangerous player  in this game. So can I trust her? As much as I thought I could?  Okay.  Yeah.  You don't look it. What's the matter?  No, it was Dan. I'm just a little upset about it.  I know. I know. It's so upsetting. We should never have to deal with that.  You can't ignore your feelings. It's how you feel. It's your perception of  what's going on.  Yeah, this is like a problem. You know, because Molly and I were like, oh,  no, it's us, like we just get weird vibes from him. But new york it's not.  Initially my take on Dan was he was just an old-school guy that never really  thought about what he was doing. You know, being physical or arm around a  shoulder or, you know, stuff I would do with my lifeguards. You know, I’m just  a very physical person. But at the same time, I cannot ignore these girls.  I'm going to be watching, and if I see anything, I’m going to confront. On the  off chance that Dan is totally innocent, he's going to be devastated. It's a  tricky thing to have 100% proof. You're never going to get it.  How was last night? What happened?  Welk he didn't touch me.  I didn't get touched at all. It was great. Kellee opened up to me about how  her and Molly felt very uncomfortable. I told her that we felt very, very  similar and we can all band together to get Dan out. So she's talking the Janet.  She may ask you how you felt about sleeping in camp. That's what she's asking  about. Tell her how uncomfortable you are. Like you have a very open thing.  Right now that's our only plan.  The mastering is about numbers, so right now my job is to do whatever it  takes to get on the right side of the numbers. The original Vokai are not the  biggest fan of Dan, so if I can play up that card and$atever way possible,  i'll do it.  I'm like very aware of where Lairo stands.  Yeah.  But you throw out the Dan name, and that's been a name that we've been  talking about since we got here, like for obvious reasons. I think you know.  Yeah.  Because the first few nights that we were here, I was next to him. He would  have his hands right here, and he would be like, hey, is this okay? And I’m like...   No.  Um...  If you have to ask, probably no.  Despite me saying I don't like to be touched, he continued to touch me. He's  literally tried to put his fingers in my hair to rub my scalp yesterday. I probably  need to wash my hair, too.  I'm sorry, I’m sorry, I was looking the see how much sand there was.  Uh.  My hands are clean  your hands are not clean  oh, my God, I just scrubbed them in the water.  Do you think it would blow up our game if we said something.  Oh, I thought you meant to vote him out  i do want to vote Dan out, this time, next time, whenever. I want to vote Dan  out.  Let me know. I'll be there.  But as much as I feel disrespected by him and feel disgusted by him, I’m not  going to make a game decision based off of those feelings. Look, I’m upset  with the way he's been behaving. That is the fair thing to do, but this game  is not fair. I'm in the playing this game to be fair. I'm playing this game  to win. So Dan makes sense as a decoy vote, but is he really the person we  want to get out?  This is what is about to happen. I know you're not going to say anything. The  plan is to get you. That's their plan. Kellee knowing that pulled you aside  for two ourselves.  Why would she pull me aside then?  To try to make you feel comfortable.  Okay.  Do you feel comfortable?  Yeah.  Do you feel confident?  Yeah.  Are you being serious with me?  I have never been more real with anybody in my entire life.  She really was talking for two hours about life, Missy.  Lauran said Kellee and her motley crue are coming for you. Do I trust lauran  and Tommy to save me.  They don't have the numbers without Tommy and i, but the west thing would be  for you to win immunity.  If Kellee thinks that she's going to get me out, the very first merge vote, I  feel as though that I can make a move. I can't go out like a punk.  Jeff: Come on in, guys. All right. First things first, take back the immunity  idol. Thank you, Karishma. Tribal immunity no more. Individual immunity is  what you covet. This is what keeps you safe in the game. A table has three  balls on top. Every time you low their table, it locks into a new position,  making it more difficult. You get too low, a ball will drop. When all you  balls are gone, you're out. Last person left standing wins immunity, safe  from the vote, losers tribal council where somebody will be the eighth person  votes out of this game. Take your spots, let's do it and we'll get started.  One is down there, 13 is here. All right. Everybody gently lift your handles.  Everybody lift. Everybody is good. And this challenge is on. Straight out of  the gate, Elizabeth drops her first ball and Noura drops her first ball. You  have three. No need to panic. Every time you drop a ball, like Dean just did,  that's a warning that you're moving just a little. There are pegs underneath  each ball. Every time you lower that table, the peg underneath that ball is  pushing up more and more and when it pushes enough, it will push your ball  out. Noura drops a second ball now. Noura down to her last ball. Kellee drops  her second. Noura drops her third ball. Now is the first one out. Step off  the back. Take a spot on the bench. You can see people struggling already for  body position. Kellee can't take it anymore. Kellee is out. The key is how  straight can you stay. Dean drops the second ball. He's down one now. Janet  drops her first ball. Dean drops his third ball. He's out of the challenge.  We're down to ten. Lots of people working their bodies in different ways  trying to find somewhere comfortable. The risk you take every time you lower  is that ratchet to your left locks in a little lower and now you have less  room to maneuver. Janet drops the second ball. Elaine drops the second ball.  She's down to one. Dan drops his first ball. Janet can't hang on any longer.  She's out. Lauran drops her first ball. This is insurance and pain threshold.  This is uncomfortable. Dan tries to reposition and drops a second ball. Dan  down to his last ball. Elaine drops. She is out. Lauran drops both balls at  once. Lauran is now out. Dan drops. He's out. No shot at immunity for Dan.  We're down to six. Missy drops her first ball. Jamal drops his first ball.  He's down to two. It is Elizabeth, Jamal and Missy each with two balls left.  Tommy, Karishma anAaron with three.  Good job, guys.  You got it, Karishma.  Jeff: Karishma drops her first ball.  Hang in there, guys.  Jeff: There is nowhere comfortable. Karishma drops another ball. You have to  dig in. You can still win it. You just need one ball on that table whennites  over. That's all it takes. Tommy drops his first ball. Karishma drops her  final ball. She is out.  Stay focused, Tommy.  We're down to five.  Don't blow it, Tommy.  Jeff: Tommy gives out. Out of nowhere loses everything. Tommy is out. We're  down to four. Two women, two men. Elizabeth and Missy on the ends, Aaron and Jamal  in the middle. Big effort right now. Sweat dripping from everybody. Bodies in  all sorts of positions. Constantly moving. If you lose focus for a second,  you can drop a ball. You have to stay in this mentally. You have to push  through the pain. You have to push through the pain.  Damn  super impressive.  Jeff: Keep fighting! Keep digging in! Don't lose your focus and start to  drift. Missy drops. Missy is out of the challenge. We're down to three.  Careful. Be careful.  Jeff: Elizabeth going down. Elizabeth dropping another ball. Elizabeth down  to one now. Aaron with three. Jamal with two. Aaron drops his first ball.  First sign of anything from Aaron indicating a weakness.  You got it. Keep holding.  Jeff: Elizabeth can't hang in any longer after a huge effort. Body trembling.  Elizabeth is out. And we're down to two. It's a showdown. It is Aaron and Jamal,  both with two balls left. Very, very hot day here in Fiji.  Focus, focus.  Jeff: This is it. Somebody is going to give out. You don't want it to be you.  You don't want it to be you.  Impressive, guys.  Jeff: You got to remind yourself right now to keep doing whatever it is  you're doing, because it's working. It does not matter how ugly it looks. It  doesn't matter how much your body is shaking, quivering, how many times you  a. Just none of it matters. The only thing that matters is keeping that table  in check, keeping those balls in place.  Good work, baby. Good work, baby.  Stay focused. Stay in the moment.  You love it.  Oh.  Jeff: Jamal struggling to get off the platform.  Am I good? Am I good?  Jeff: You're good, Aaron. Aaron wins the first individual immunity challenge  of the season. Jamal's tribe mates rush over to see if he's okay. Jamal, do  you want medical?  Excellent effort.  Out of everyone in this game, Missy is the biggest threat to win. This girl  is smart, like she is thinking the way that I am thinking. I 1,000% want to  work with her. It's just a little bit too late in the game to do that.  Unfortunately this is nail in her coffin.  Aaron, congrats again.  Congrats.  Damn. I needed to win that one, because I know that Kellee is coming for me,  so going into the challenge knowing that I need to wear the necklace and  losing, that sucks. I'm just scared.  I'm scared.  I would not approach you if I wasn't genuine.  We're still --  tonight we're going after Kellee, but the plan doesn't work unless Tommy and  lauran are telling the truth.  Yes, it's easy to be like Vokai, we're all going to stay strong, but I know  where Tommy and I are, and this is on the botTom.  You're basically saying we flip now and then game on?  Yes.  We take out Kellee.  Tommy and lauran want to get out Kellee. And I think to myself, damn, that  puts me in a tough spot. Here's a girl that just saved my life, gave me a  hidden immunity idol, and now you want me to vote her out. To be honest, I don't  know if I can do it.  So we were thinking the five Lairo, Dan, lauran, myself. That's eight. That's  all we need.  I'm so down with that, dude. I would do a backflip right now if I could.  What's going on right now?  Lauran and I want to vote Kellee out. We need to wok together.  I 5400% agree. I'm down.  So tonight it's Kellee?  Is that a lie?  I don't think it's a lie.  Lauran told me that I’m first to go. So I think they're down for real.  All right. Let's go.  I've been struggling with not trying to make emotional votes out here, trying  make a logical vote, but...  Yeah, 110%.  From a personal standpoint, why would I keep Dan, who has put my name out  there, who is talking about me.  Yes!  So I’m wondering where your appetite is for making a move with me.  It's funny that you bring this up, because Dan has rubbed people the wrong  way and on a human level, I’m like really disgusted.  Yes.  Tonight I’m voting for d-a-n, Dan. What really made it simple for me is he's  made a lot of women feel uncomfortable. He's kind of pushed the boundaries  of, you know, snuggling at night and being flirtatious, and this is not okay.  We're not going to wait to get to the end and then have some talk about his  behavior. We're going to do this now.  Why wait? Let's just do it.  This is so amazing. I'm so happy.  All right. Contain it.  Right now. I'm okay with that. Can we do it? Do we have enough?  Done.  Promise me?  Done.  Okay. It's done.  When Jamal told me that we're going to vote Dan out tonight, I felt a great  deal of relief, because some of the girls have come to me upset about being  in his presence. And Jamal coming to me like that, it just confirmed in my  heart that it was the right thing to do. But it's really hard for me, because  I really, really do like Dan. However, this is a moral decision that I’m making.  I just have a personal emotional need to have these girls feel okay. So I’m going  to do what's best for them.  Do you know what you're doing?  We are voting Dan.  I know, I know.  Actually, after this meeting today --  well, i've been trying the take care all of you girl, you know that, so do me  favor. Tell all the old Lairo to go for him. We're going to blow him up  tonight.  Okay.  Janet approached me about voting Dan out. And I know for a fact she's lying  to my face. We know that they're going to vote for Missy, so this Dan talk is  smoke and mirrors. That's Janet's plan to pull the wool over my eyes an I’m like,  yeah, Janet, you got it girl.  I'm on the honor system.  When you're gone, Missy --  i know that people are uncomfortable saying, oh, he likes to cuddle. He's  touchy feel, but honestly, I have felt safe this entire time, and if I had  felt uncomfortable, I would have said, please stop. So I’m writing down Kellee's  name, an I am hoping seven other people do, as well.  So you want all of us to vote for Dan?  She was like, get all your girls on board, so I told her that all of us are.  I think it would solidify him with us.  Okay.  And if Janet comes up to you, all the girls are on board, because we all feel  uncomfortable.  Okay.  She was told to vote you.ã·p=&gt;  uh-huh.  I just thought you should know. Don't get swirled.  I want to talk to you.  I trust you. I think I trust Missy. Screw them. I'm so over them. They're so  untrustworthy and so... I can't fathom why Janet would target me. I've never  been after Janet. She was someone I thought I could go deep with I wanted to  protected. So what she's doing now is both stupid and reprehensible to me.  I want to be very careful about how I do, this but...  How many votes can you put on Dan?  I thought we had the vote locked. But now Jamal wants to vote out Dan. And I’m  worried. I was just sitting there. Everyone is in a group laughing, and I’m like,  something is off.  Dan is way too quiet right now.  I think we should help them.  That's what's freaking me out. We've switched the vote from Missy to Dan. But  now I’m just like getting more and more nervous. Fortunately I found an idol  on the oid Lairo beach, so I will be fine. However, going in the merge,  historically in "Survivor," there has always been another idol, and  if there is an idol on this beach, I want it.  We told you Missy, right?  Yes. All right. What could be in the works is just a clean Dan vote.  Tonight?  Yeah.  I feel like I need to go into preservation mode. The only one here that I know  for sure will try to rally against me is Dan. So I’m asking you  okay. I'm down.  Jamal is now trying to gather up the troops to get out Dan. I knew merge was  going to be nuts, but, damn. Jamal was like, we have to put Dan.  I'm like stressed.  So am i. We're making the decision. We can go either witch way. This changes  everything. At this point half the people are like let's vote out Dan. And  the other half of these people are saying, let's get red of Kellee. So no  matter what happens tonight, I’m going to make a lot of people mad. But,  damn, it's nice to have a little power.  There's a bunch of rocks with little crevices, and as I’m climbing up, I see  a glipt -- glint of blue, and I’m like, oh, my God, I just found it. Holy  crap. This is huge. It feels really good to have two idols in my pocket, but  there's a lot of pressure to use this idol correctly to, play it right. To  not get voted out with two idols in my pocket and be the biggest "Survivor"  sucker ever. I definitely did not expect to think about even playing it for  myself tonight. But the way this is going, I might very well have to.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the first member of our jury. All right. So 13  people beach. Dan, give me a sense of the vibe.  Well, it's a weird game of shuffling parties and which parties are talking.  So it is weird, because as much as the game of deception, it's got to be a  game of trust. At least for me. I'm in a profession if I tell one lie once to  one client, I’m fired. Period. And so you're forced to do it here. I think  trust actually outweighs deception in this game.  Missy, do you agree with that?  You have to trust someone. If you trust no one, then you're playing on your  own island against 12 other people. So, yeah, trust is built sometimes.  Jeff: Karishma, where do you stand with this idea that trust is a bigger  factor than deception?  Yeah, I agree. Because you cannot achieve the deception required in this game  without the trust first. There's a lot of different people that you wouldn't  expect to be having conversations. And I think that's people trying to just  get to know each other on a new level, on a deeper level.  Jeff: Which, lauran, leads the strategizing. Did you feel that tension of  sharks in the water. I know what they're saying doesn't sound scary, but  what's happening between them is terrifying.  Absolutely. It happens all the time. Like I was trying to get to know Dean  and Karishma, and I feel like any alone time we had, people's antennas are  up, when we're talking about my 30th birthday carnival. I feel like again, it  goes back to trusting the people you trust, and I do believe trust outweighs  deception in this game.  Jeff: Kellee, when you hear that answer, how much of it goes right past you  and, yeah, all I know is I saw you talking so and so and my antenna was up?  This game makes you very socially aware of what's going on around you. It  makes you present. If you're not being present, you probably aren't playing  the game the way you should be playing.  Jeff: So is tonight's vote for you about trust or deception?  Um...  Jeff: That's the same question i've been asking. Why does it strike you as  funny?  She just analyzes everything.  Um, I think it's about trust. Yeah.  Jeff: Tommy, the idea of the original Vokai now back together just dominating  this game, has that been discussed?  Yeah, of course. Some of these people i've known since day one of "Survivor."  I met Dean and Karishma two days ago. So when we merged, we said, whoa,  there's a lot more Vokai than old Lairo. It's an easy way to go.  Jeff: Janet, do you think tribal lines will hold firm, Vokai has this. If  you're wearing orange, see you?  You want to hope and think that the old Vokai will hold tight, but you know,  you get to know people, and as time wears on, tribal lines can be softened.  Jeff: Dean, how about for you?  Jeff, I feel like I’m in an interesting spot.  Jeff: How so?  When I last saw my Lairo folks I was blind sided. I got to the merge by the  skim of my teeth with the overwhelming majority voting for me, so I’m looking  to build some trust with some people tonight.  Jeff: Dan, what is it about tonight's vote that is so important?  It's about the moment you either can trust or not trust your own ability to  judge people. That happens tonight. That's kind of what makes this so  terrifying. You're either going to be proven really wrong or really right,  but you won't know until the names are read. Then you can begin to play.  Jeff: Missy, really interesting comment, which is tonight is about knowing if  you are on point, if your instincts are right.  Tonight is a big guilt check I think for all of us. Tonight is did you apply  for a reason and are you good at this game.  Jeff: Wow. Can't say it any more simply. If you don't survive tonight, you're  not nearly as good as you hoped. It is time to vote. Noura, you're up.  Can't wait to not be living with you.  Only two ways to spell blindside tonight, and the other way is d-a-n. I don't  think that's the case.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes.  Jeff: If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want the play it, now  would be the time to do so. Okay. I'll read the votes. First vote, Dan.  Kellee. Dan. Kellee. We're tied. Two votes Dan, two votes Kellee. Dan.  Kellee. Three votes Dan, three votes Kellee. Dan. Tied again. Four votes Dan,  four votes Kellee.  Oh, my God.  Jeff: Dan. That's five votes Dan. Tied again. Five votes Dan, five votes Kellee.  Kellee. That's six votes Kellee, five votes Dan. Eighth person voted out and  the second member of our jury, Kellee. That's seven, that's enough. You need  to bring me your torch.  He's shaking his head.  Jeff: Kellee, the tribe has spoken.  Good luck, guys.  Jeff: Well, as much as you want the believe in trust, always got to worry  about deception. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night.  I'm honestly kind of in shock. I am my worst enemy in this game. Finding two  idols is great, but if you find two idols an you don't know how the use them,  you might as well not find them. I let the people I trust lull me into  security, an I should have obviously police department an idol. -- played an  idol.  When I saw the votes coming down at tribal council for Kellee, I was like,  holy crap, what happened? My mind just was racing, because this was a vote  not based on the game so much as based on standing up for what was right.  I guess nobody's talking, huh?  Okay. Anybody else want to talk? Okay. I got it. My information I was given  from all the young girls, they said they felt very uncomfortable in Dan's presence,  so I felt very betrayed on a moral level. Because I was willing to jeopardize  my game because these girls were in such a panic from what I understood.  I understand how you're feeling. We came back pissed off.  This is more than a vote. Okay.  Janet. I'm sorry that this is all happening, but I do not feel comfortable  with the way that things were coming to light.  So you voted Kellee?  I'm going to be honest, I voted Kellee.  So who else? You went Kellee, too?  Yeah.  I was trying to do something for all you girls. This wasn't even my --  and I appreciate that from the botTom of my heart. I just don't know they was  ready to deal with what was going on, and I’m woman enough to say that  okay. Voting Dan out for the reasons that people want to vote him out, I’m not  comfortable with. And I am not going to say one way or another who is  comfortable with what or what happened to whom. All I know is my story and  what Dan and I experience, so for me it wasn't an issue. And this is a game  at the end of the day. I hope Kellee doesn't take it personal. So that's what  it is for me.  We have to have a very important conversation.  Okay.  Elizabeth, lauran, Missy all came to me crying and freaking out about how  inappropriate you have been and thank God I’m back.  Okay.  I wonder if that was a game  new york it wasn't.  Because people come to me all the time to crack my back.  I thought it was odd, but they all came to me saying this. The talk today was  about you.  Okay. Yeah.  And I don't think the game, because they voiced it to the powers that be.  They were all happy I was here because you seemed, they said, their words,  more calm that I am here.  Okay.  I was trying to protect you.  It's the most absurd accusation.  Every one of them made it. How would you feel if you had an employee come to  you.  Oh, my God. I've had it. We've immediately fired people  exactly. I have been in that position where employees have come to me. I  understand both sides of it.  I have been in business, had employees, had client, had authority for 20  something years, and I have never had even the faintest hint of it ever in my  life. So it's depressing that anyone -- it's depressing that someone would  feel it even authentically for a moment. They seem as tight with me as I have  ever felt.  Okay. Then I got played. They sent me across the line.  Wow.  And they played me on your reputation.  That's not who I am, but I can't ever be in someone else's heart. If they  don't express it to you enough, you behave the way you think you're behaving  because it seems right to you.  What's up?  Janet toll me something that rips my soul in half. If it's even true or ever  was true for a nanosecond, biggest thing I can think of is deeply  apologizing, because she told me that there was ever a thought that i've ever  come near you in a way that's inappropriate or odd or wrong, I can't fathom  it. I'm, you know, i'm...  Dan, the only thing that we can say to that is if we truly, truly felt that,  did we not have the power to vote you out tonight?c  of course you did. That's what I said to Janet. She said, no, Missy and Elizabeth  ran it up the flagpole.  Sorry.  I appreciate your --  no.  This ruins my life.  We slept next to you every night. In the bungalow, we don't want to sleep  anywhere else. We don't want to sleep anywhere else. Janet literally...  Janet told me you two came to her crying.  What? My viewpoint is I have never felt uncomfortable, and I know what people  are talking about. But it's more in a joking way, and maybe that's where  we're on the wrong part of it, because we shouldn't be joking about that. But  nobody has come to me with legitimate life concerns. It was little baby  snippets here and there that snowballed into something way bigger than it  ever should have been.  It's something that's been taken and misconstrued, but it's not --  correct. But to me it's so reprehensible that she would use that as a tool in  this game.  She's a snake.  I thank you both so much. Because --  well, I’m going to have a conversation with her Tomorrow.  She acted to me -- you're going the lose your mind, like she's disgusted with  you all for playing her that way.  I appreciate what Janet did because she was being the motherly figure that  she is, but for me personally, I never felt unsafe and it was never serious  to me. It was always game play to me. And my vote was based on the game of  "Survivor" and the fact that I was going with the numbers and that  name happened to be Kellee.  Dan, we are good.  Thank you.  Dan, we've always been good.  Dan, they're going the try to find cracks. They're not going to find a kink  in this armor.  I'm trying not to. Are you kidding me?  I'm on a tribe of 13 which were women, now eight of which were women and now  seven of which are women who have never experienced anything but comfort and  strength and honesty and loyalty and decency. That vote proved they want to  keep playing this game with me. That vote proved they want to keep playing  this game with me. I think we have a bigger problem  what?  We have real problem.  What?  Beyond this game. I went to them and said, and they said it was a complete  and utter lie. We slept in this thing with you every night by our choice. We  asked you -- we completely adore you.  I'll go talk to them right now.  I wouldn't advise it.  Why? I'm not lying.  And liz is the one who said how uncomfortable she was, not Missy. I was told  that from the others.  No. Janet, listen to me, did she say it to you?  No, Missy. Liz did.  To your face?  Yes.  Okay. Liz said, thank God you're here. And right up there.  Okay. That's not what they're saying to me.  Missy, Missy, are you in here?  I am, yes. Can you come out for a minute and liz.  One second.  It's better with us alone.  New york no, it's not. Liz, did I not talk to you right up there on the  corner and said, you said how uncomfortable you are and thank God I was back?  Did you or did you not? And how uncomfortable you were and thank God I was  back?  Yeah, I did say that  okay.  Dan, did you hear that?  Uncomfortable with me?  Yeah.  If that's the case, i...  She said that. And that's what I’m trying to tell you. Everybody has been in  shock.  Are we okay?  We are fine.  Okay.  Dan, we are fine.  Okay. That's all that matters.  But you did say that?  I did.  Okay.  Okay.  We'll talk in the morning. Thank you for coming out and saying that.  No, of course.  Dan, i'll go away.  Just know that we're fine and there are some things I needed to say that  needed to be said.  That's what I thought.  100%.  I agreed with her.  I feel anything related to sexual uncomfortability has nowhere, no place in a  joking environment, in a game environment, in anything. It's its own  eastbound "tko." it's a very powerful, powerful thing. Lives can be  destroyed. Lives can be destroyed if you're abused. Lives can be destroyed if  you're falsely accused. Lives are going to be destroyed, and it's too  powerful to play with. And the defensiveness of all the other girls disgusts  me. They're either lying to themselves and I can have compassion for that, or  the girls let I slide that Dan was a problem, and I’m upset about that,  because he wasn't my initial vote. And I changed it to support them so they  could feel better at camp. That's a damn shame.  Where are you guys doing?  We're going out.  Walk, walking.  I questions most of the tribe did not know where I spent the night, because  along comes Missy and Aaron with a shovel and a stick. They're idol hunting,  and I need the idol. So I follow them. They walk down the beach, they cut  into the woods, and I lost them. But I wasn't just going to give up.  Everybody is tearing this jungle apart. But I feel like I need the idol  because I’m the next vote at the next tribal. I can't believe that I found  it. It's an immunity idol. And I couldn't believe it.  "congratulations." there it is. This will save me. I just have to  figure out when to use it. I got this by not giving up. I said, you need to  pick yourself up, and you need to just keep putting one foot in front of the  other, because if you do, you can find an idol.  It's frustrating.  We're in this together.  So me and Jamal were left out of the vote, and now we suddenly found  ourselves in the minority. So we are discussing how we can get ourselves out  of this position. I think there may be holes that may come up. You never  know. What is that?  Oh, my God. Suddenly I see something hanging from a tree in front of me, and  I want to grab it myself, but Jamal goes and grabs it before me, and it's a  note.  Do not open. Bring this with me to Island of the Idols. If I do this and it's  something good, it's something good for both of us. I'm thinking, why would  there just be a hanging note. That's never a thing. So I’m 100% floored. I  found a nolt on the path.  I'm so happy.  I'm just curious. I'm just wanting to know what is in store for me. This is  awesome. I could not be more excited to be here. I was like jumping out of my  pants to get on to Island of the Idols. Look at that.  Well, hello.  Get out of here.  Come back here.  Get out of here.  Come on, come on, we've been waiting for you.  What?  Come on.  How did you pop out of my tv screen. I didn't believe it. Boston Rob and Sandra,  they created a blueprint for how to play this game. Which makes us all have  to evolve the game even more, because they were the trend setters.  Come on in.  So you guys have been here for years? What's going on? So how did you end up  coming like to Island of the Idols?  So I go walk with Karishma. So we're talking. As we were talking I see the  sign, the little note hanging from the see that says, you found me, I’m yours.   Where's the note?  In my pocket.  Why don't you open it.  All right.  What is it?  Read it loud and read it proud.  You just learned a tough Survivor lesson. The moment you grabbed this note  you lost your vote at the next tribal council. If it seems too good to be  true, it probably is. I got got  you know there are no free lunches on "Survivor."  i'm learning that  you have to learn everything.  You're right about that  everybody that comes to Island of the Idols. Your lesson is in the art of  sabotage. You obviously got burned. You lost your vote, and there's nothing  we can do about that. But I want to give yaw chance to test to see how well  you understand sabotage. Would you like the try to get someone out  i would love to try to get someone out.  We have something you might be interested in  say more.  Sandra, give that to Jamal.  Open it.  Open this? It is blank  do you know what that is?  I have no idea what this is  Jamal, this is opportunity.  Okay.  This can be anything you want it to be. What else is in your hand?  A pencil.  Have you ever seen one of those on "Survivor."  i have never seen a pencil.  There's a lot of power here.  There's no limit to what you can do with that piece of parchment.  Come on, Jamal, start thinking. What could you do with that and that pencil?  Hey, Jamal. Yay! Jamal.  I was give then opportunity to use this art of sabotage in a way to get  someone out. So I wrote this fake legacy advantage, but this note has no  power. So this is not going to work unless I sell this.  All right. Story time.  All right. So here's the deal. The game that I have to play was reasonable. I  risked my vote to play 50/50 chance. I win.  Okay.  So win the game. It said, you gain control of an advantage. What they meant  was --  give it to somebody else.  It wasn't for me. I had to give it to someone else. So it's only fitting  because it is his birthday, so this advantage is going to go to Dean, and it  is really an olive branch so this is for you. All right.  Hi, birthday boy.  Hell of a target for my birthday.  My man, Jamal, so eloquently extends me an olive branch in front of  everybody.  Does that say legacy advantage?  Good job.  You can barely read it.  That's my handwriting. It was blastered on these wooden boards, and I had a  blank thing in front of me, so I had to copy it down to turn it into a  physical thing.  You made that?  You made an idol.  You literally did.  I have the power.  Where did he get a pen? Where did he get a marker to write it? He certainly  found a big old paintbrush and put a big old target on my back by doing that.   I don't know if I should say thank you, but thank you.  Orr very welcome.  Mind blown.  Thanks so much, everybody.  Awesome, thank you, Jamal.  I don't know what he's trying to do.  Is that his handwriting?  Handwriting?  You think it could be fake?  No. No. It feels too detailed to be fake.  There's a thing, if someone has too many details, it's not true.  Whether it's true or not, but now, every single person on this tribe knows  that Dean has got an advantage by Jamal doing that. That wasn't an olive  branch. That was a death threat. This guy is a threat. That's why he's got to  go.  Jeff: All right. First things first, Aaron, got to take back the immunity  necklace. Thank you. Once again immunity is back up for grabs. For today's  challenge, you're going to hold on the handle over water. At regular  intervals, I get to lower you closer to the water. When the pain becomes too  much, you'll fall into the water, and you're out of the challenge. Last woman  and the last man left standing win immunity. Two people will be safe tonight  at tribal council. Let's get started. All right we're ready to begin.  Everybody lean out now. Everybody looks good. This challenge is on. Let's  make it interesting straight out of the game.  Holy --.  Jeff: Here we go. Dig in and hang out.  Oh, my God.  It's the click. It's the click.  Stop, stop, stop.  Jeff, Jeff, Jeff, Jeff.  Lauran, hang in. Hang in.  Okay. Studio 1-a calm.  There we go.  He enjoys this way too much.  Jeff: You survived. You'll be here for five minutes and we'll do that again.  Everybody looks great. Hanging out over the water.  Just another day in Fiji.  Jeff: That tendency is going to want to --  it feels like it's rolling.  Just stay calm.  I'm out.  Lauran, you're good.  Mine's rolling. I'm out.  It's moving.  Your arm is falling asleep.  Stay calm. Stay calm.  You got it.  I'm out.  Lauran is first to drop. That's how fast it can happen.  No. No.  Jeff: Dan says, that's enough for me. Just like that we are down to ten left.  Last woman, last man left standing win immunity.  Come on.  Jeff: You're all fighting to stay in it.  Come on.  Jeff: Jamal next to hit the water. The pain is too much.  Good lord.  Jeff: Elaine with a nice entry. I'll give you a 7.6. Down the five women now,  three men. Everybody looking really good. Let's crank it up again. Here we  go. Dig in. [cranking] now you're feeling it.  Ain't no joke.  Jeff: Stay here for five more minutes. Now you're really going to be hanging  out over that water. I know you're struggling. Just keep fighting. "Survivor"  is a crazy, unpredictable game. You never know if you're safe or not.  Hang in there, guys, literally.  Jeff: Karishma can't take it anymore. She drops. Janet drops. We're down to  three women. Dean drops. We're down the three women and two men. You can feel  the momentum kick in right now. This is what you hope for when you think  about playing this game. A moment like this when it's on you to prove what  you've got in the tank.  Looking strong, Noura.  Jeff: All right. Here we go. Another rotation. [cranking] everybody feeling  it now. Down at the end Noura and Missy looking locked in. They have not  proved for a long time. You guys are all doing great.  Good jobbing everybody.  Jeff: Dig in. Rotation starting.  Stay with it, Tommy. [cranking]  Jeff: Enjoy. Noura seemingly out of nowhere just drops. And Tommy drops.  Aaron wins his second individual immunity. And now we have Missy and Elizabeth  battling for immunity. Day 24 or Survivor, security at tribal. Both women  fully extended.  You look great, Missy.  This is what you want right here. Keep digging.  Elizabeth, don't give up.  Find a spot. Find a spot.  Jeff: Licks struggling. Elizabeth can't do it. Elizabeth out. Missy wins  individual immunity. Doesn't even want to get wet. Aaron and Missy safe  tonight at tribal council. Cannot be voted out of this game.  As of now Jamal, Janet and Karishma are targets. Each name benefits someone  else's game differently. The question is, who do you get out, when, where,  how, what time?  Can we reconnect?  Okay.  All right I want the change.  Okay. Go change and i'll meet you on the beach.  All right.  I'm very nervous about tribal council tonight because me, Karishma, and Janet  are on the botTom. And if the tribe is suspicious of me coming back from the Island  of the Idols and thinking I may have lied about what I received, they high  just play the safe route and I go home tonight.  How and we go for small sticks.  Small sticks it is.  This is first tribal where I really feel like I’m in Danger of going home.  Isn't it amazing this is where we're at?  Yeah.  Noura and Karishma could still be here over us.  It's not about deserving anymore.  No. It's just about how people see their end game shaping up.  Yeah. I figure it's a split vote.  Yeah. Because that's what I would do.  I really would rather not be on the losing end of that. Girls are voting.  You don't think he got anything?  Let him play it.  You're good. You're good. We tell Karishma to get him to play it.  This is locked down.  It's done.  We started talking about who is the next vote, Karishma, januaryet, or Jamal?  We decided let's split the votes between Karishma, because this whole tim  she's been on the botTom, and Jamal because he went to the Island of the  Idols, and he might have an idol.  What do we got?  I don't know. What do you got? You're looking at me like I’m safe.  You are not going home.  Tommy, this is between you and me, you and me from the get go  of course.  My name is written down tonight.  Who should I vote for. Do I vote for Jamal.  You have to.  I'm having doubts about playing my idol. Because Tommy is telling me I’m okay.  And to vote for Jamal.  I have to put my trust in people that were angry with me and I mean, I am now  gone from this wonderful loved person to this scourge of the earth. So I’m bringing  my idol. It's in my pocket. But I don't know anymore. I have been surprised  in every tribal council. I have been surprised in every tribal council.  Jeff: We'll now bring in the members of our jury. So Noura, what was the  reaction after the last tribal council?  A lot of upset people, a lot of people having conversations right away. I was  shocked Kellee went, so a lot going on.  Jeff: Janet, you were smiling during that.  There was a lot of miscommunication I guess. I think people were doing game  play where I proved into a different area. And I made a decision based on my  moral character.  Jeff: Aaron, what am I missing? Because it's a very uneven feeling.  What happened, the eight people that voted together all put down Kellee's  name. The five people that voted together, Janet, Jamal, Noura, Karishma, all  put down didn't's name. That's what happened.  Jeff: So januaryet, you thought everybody was voting for Dan?  I thought, yes. Because I was told that.  Okay. Time out, though. Hold on. Because that's not true, Janet. Before that,  what was your plan for tribal?  Are you trying to get me to say when I brought your name up? Is that what  you're trying to say?  Yes.  Absolutely. But I was told certain things from many of the girls, and there  was a change in the vote. I thought as a solution to help many people within  the tribe who expressed a concern to be resolved and calmed down, and I thought  all parties included in my opinion that was a good move, even for Dan.  But we just met you. So we don't know.  Totally my mistake. I should have listened to my own gut. I was wrong for  getting involved.  Jeff, I want to make it clear, this was a "Survivor" play that went  wrong for Janet.  I disagree. If you know anything about it --  i know a lot about it. A lot  all right.  What's happening now is that the victim role is being assumed by Janet, and  she's now instead of taking responsibility for being on the --  oh, my God.  She's trying to spin this into something that could affect the life of Dan.  If this was truly a general tribal concern, I would have been involved, Tommy  would have been involved, Dean would have been involved  no, no, this whole idea if this was actually an issue that I would have heard  about it, he would have heard about it, that's exactly what happens in the  real world, guys. This is exactly what happens in the real world. When a  woman brings up a charge and people want to negate whether or not it's  legitimate, they say, well, if it was such a big issue, than she would have  brought it up last year, two years ago, three years ago. We are not entitled  to know things just because we're men or just because we're in power.  Jeff: Aaron, Jamal just said something really powerful. Which is just because  you don't know doesn't mean you should have been told. It could be something  very personal that somebody doesn't want to share and still be true.  If this is real world, take "Survivor" out of the question, 100%. I  have two sisters, I have a mother. Most of my personal training clients that  I work with are female. I'm very sensitive to this issue, because this is not  an issue that in the real world I take lightly. But the issue is the two  worlds are being meshed together, so I have to look at Dan's position and  say, if this was being said about me, I would be very upset if it wasn't  true.  Jeff: So, Dan, obviously you're the name that everybody is talking about.  What are you feeling right now?  Is the botTom line we're not going to let this go, as much as -- hold on, as  much as 12 people on this tribe respect the non-game aspect of it and that it  was inappropriate to have it even infiltrate in the game --.  Jeff: Dan, before you go on, hold on. Before you go on, let me put the con  tek I’m looking for, because I don't think it's the one I think I’m looking  for. Everyone is talking around it, and all that does is create more  uncertainty about what is being said.  The vote was honestly about trust and deception. The fact that things were  used that I don't think should ever be used in this game, you know, it's upsetting.  It's also upsetting if there was even hair of truth to it in the smallest  part in the beginning, that's bad. And I don't want to be part of anything  that ever makes anybody feel bad.  Jeff: Karishma, what's your take on this?  Well, perception is reality in this game. And I don't think Janet is spinning  something to be deceptive or creating some kind of a story to cover her butt.  This was the way she perceived what was going on.  Jeff: Jamal, part of the reason this is complicated is because right now we  are going through such a seismic cultural shift in how men and women relate  to each other, how the gender roles work. So there is a sensitivity, because  we're trying to change  yeah. You're right, Jeff. You can't ignore this issue. I think this issue is  a lot bigger than the game of Survivor. I've been listening very carefully to  what everyone has said. From my position with my gender, far be it from me to  speak for women. What I can do as a man, I can give a little bit of advice as  to how to hear these stories when we're talking about harassment and when  we're talking about discomfort, when we're talking about male entitlement, it  behooves us all as men to take a step back and look at our own behavior and  imagine that you had no idea that what you were doing was inappropriate, was  making someone uncomfortable, an you believe women if they choose to bring  that up, because it's difficult enough to do that in and of itself.  We have a responsibility to hear women, listen to women, and believe women  when they're ready to tell their stories.  Jeff: Dan, let's just be clear, was there a specific moment or incident, or  is this just an accumulation of things that have been said?  Okay. It won't be let go, clearly. Right? It won't be let go.  Jeff: Dan, you're right, I will never let it go. We'll be here until day 39.  So just -- Dan, slow down.  No, no, no.  Jeff: Go ahead.  First of all, I work in the most high-wire industry in regard to this  business. Most of my clients are women. Most of the people I work with are  women. I work in an industry in which the "me too" movement. Was  formed, in which it was allowed thank God to blossom, in which it was allowed  tok become powerful and strong. My personal feeling is if anyone ever fell  for a second uncomfortable about anything I have ever done, I’m horrified  about that and I’m terribly sorry. And if that person was Kellee, if Kellee  ever felt that in the freezing cold rain or in tight shelters or in walking  around in saying, eggs excuse me, I’m coming through or in all the ways we  have to crawl over and around and through each other if this game I ever did  anything even remotely that made her uncomfortable, it horrifies me and I am  terribly sorry. True, untrue, it doesn't matter what I feel, it doesn't  matter whether I’m aware of it. It doesn't matter whether I ever sensed it.  It doesn't matter whether I knew it happened or didn't happen. If someone  feels it, it's their truth. I couldn't be more sorry. I couldn't be more  confident in that I’m one of the kindest, gentlest people I know. I have a  wife. I've been married for 21 years. I have two boys. I have a big business.  I have lots of employees. So I think what upset everybody here is that it has  now turned into game play.  Jeff: Janet, how are you feeling right now?  Trying to decide if I should stay.  Jeff: In the game?  All I wanted to do is play this game like everybody else. Never would I have  wanted to create a problem with this platform. I feel the hatred. I feel so  alone.  I don't hate you, Janet.  Janet, no one hates you. No one hates you.  Not in the least bit, Janet.  I love you very much.  You should stay.  Nobody could feel that from their heart for you. Truly. Seriously.  Thank you.  Jeff: Janet. Wouldn't it be a shame to walk away. They've all told you, you didn't  do anything wrong. Everyone here has a point of view. We're talking about it.  We're addressing it. That's the most important thing.  Okay.  Jeff: Now we go back into the game. That's why this is so complicated to play  but so compelling to be part of.  Right.  Jeff: So are you?  I'm in.  Jeff: All right. Let's see if we can summarize what went down and let's just  be really clear about it. Kellee shared a story with Janet. You felt like you  needed to take some action. That became its own story. You were being very  respectful. You were trying to do the right thing. Then it gets complicated  because there is still a vote that may or may not be impacted by the story  you're talking about. But everybody seems to be in agreement, and I need to  say that I am, which is that you can never brush over a story like that. So I  think what you guys are trying to say is all of these things can be true, Janet  could have seen it or heard it or was told it and wanted to talk to some of  the women and not tell the men, and Janet, it's also possible that it segued  into the game and you didn't realize a different thing was now being talked  about. Does that feel accurate?  Yes.  Yes.  Jeff: Then this is where "Survivor" gets so complicated. You have  this real thing that you guys are going to be dealing with for the rest of  your time out here, an you also have this other thing, writing down  somebody's name on the parchment. Lauran, this is the question now: Does this  tribal tonight impact that vote do you think? Or are you guys able to  separate from that?  Yes, Jeff, I’m definitely able to separate the two. You know, I this believe  that Janet is someone that people do go to, and there are so many people that  are going to watch this and appreciate who you are and the things that you have  done for women, and people that don't have a voice. And that can't speak out  against abusers and people that have done things to them. So I didn't mean to  come at you so hard. I was hurt, and, yes, I Jeff, I can separate the game  from what needs to happen in real life and all that stuff. Because "Survivor"  does mirror real life at points in time. So we're all in this together.  Jeff: Well said. It is time to vote. Noura, you're up.  Jeff: I'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you  want the play it, now would be the time to do so.  Jeff. This is for me.  Jeff: Okay. This is a hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast for Janet will not  count. I'll read the votes. First vote Janet. Does not count. Janet. Does not  count. Karishma. Karishma. Two votes Karishma. Karishma. That's three votes Karishma.  Jamal. One vote Jamal. Jamal. That's three votes Karishma, two votes Jamal.  We're tied. Three votes Karishma, three votes Jamal. Jamal. That's four votes  Jamal, three votes Karishma. The ninth person voted out and the third member  of our jury, Jamal. That's five,s that enough. You need to bring me your  torch. Jamal, the tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Well, once again a  lot of raw emotion, different opinion, big ideas, and at the end, another  person voted out. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night.  Captioning funded by cbs captioned by media access group at wgbh  access.wgbh.org  Jeff: Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode.  Jeff: Next time on "Survivor," when there is a twist of fate, there  will be two people going home. The game is on.  Karishma and Janet.  It could be the perfect storm to get two for the price of one.  And the tblofs come off.  She wanted to vote you out  when you bring up my name, I’m coming after you.  Oh, my God.  This will have all been a waste of time if anybody comes out here and doesn't  look for ways to grow as a person. And as much as you put into the game, the  game is willing to reflect that back to you and give you an opportunity to be  a better version of yourself. So I think I accomplished some important steps  in my own personal growth out here.