<br/>[crickets  chirping] [blowing] Jeremy: At tribal, I said, "i'm not going to edge  with a advantage in my pocket." everybody's been lying for the past two  weeks to everybody. No one's telling the  truth. I don't know what's  going on. So, I have my  advantage, my safety without power. So I said, "i'm  out of here." like a... [snaps fingers] flash in the night. Boom. Like a houdini trick. I just-- poof and I’m gone. You know? It was beautiful. Oh, man. And then I come back  to camp, and I am losing my mind, waiting to see who's coming back. And then I start  seeing people come back one at a time. Ben comes. Sophie comes. Denise comes. And then I see Tony  and Kim. I was like, "wow,  Tyson is back on the edge." this is not good. I-i just want to put  on some pants. I know. I see he's not here. What happened? What happened? -Tony: I thought we  had a plan. -Sarah: What'd you  think was gonna happen? -Jeremy: Tell me what  happened. -ben/Sarah: What'd you  think was gonna happen? Jeremy: I don't know. Tell me what happened. No one's gonna say  what happened? Are we just gonna play  this game, -"what do you think was gonna happen?" -ben: Yeah. Yeah. Ben: Going into tribal  council, we had a real clear-cut plan. Sarah, Sophie, Nick, Tony  and myself, we were gunning for Jeremy. But Jeremy gets up and  leaves tribal. So there goes our  target, right? Like, that's our  target, and he just walked out, safe as can be. Ben: Ever been. I've never seen  anything like it. I've never been in  anything like it. Going forward, Jeremy's  obviously public enemy number one. And this is an actual  group of five that I think we can move forward and-and take control of the  game with. And so my gut is  telling me stick with the five and go for the biggest threat, which is Jeremy. Do you think your game  is better with Tyson here or without him? No matter if he's  causing drama or not. You're on the chopping  block now. Because guess who's  the biggest, baddest dude here. You. -really? -yeah. You've won immunities. You just played  advantages. -don't-- listen, don't  think... -[scoffs] -don't-- listen, don't think... -Jeremy, i-- don't. Don't. No. Listen. -i'm sorry. I don't have to listen  right now, dude. -listen, don't think  that I’m the guy that everyone's gonna be looking at as a big and bad guy. -don't look at it like  that. -okay. All right. Well, in my eyes, I think  you're a lot bigger threat than I am. All right. So... Jeremy: Tyson's  the biggest shield around. So I wanted Tyson here  as a shield for me. That's my meat shield s-syste. That's how I win this  game. And as soon as I’m out  of tribal, oh, it's time to jump on Tyson. I mean, I got played  hard. -i can't tell what's  real and what's fake. -yeah. I-i mean, it's just so  many levels of chaos. I can't play this game  like that. I know. Michele: The obvious  situation when you're left out of a vote and nobody seems to trust you is  that you're probably on the bottom. Mm-hmm. Michele: So, me, Kim, Jeremy  and Denise are spinning around like tops, trying to figure out what the heck  is going on. Because, obviously, we  are gonna be picked off. Tony: The  beginning of the season, I couldn't go and look for idols. I didn't want to put a  target on my back by leaving camp at all, so I stayed in camp all the time. I was drooling. I wanted to go look,  but I couldn't do it, 'cause it would jeopardize my game. And look what  happened. I'm still in the game. I made the merge. Everything's working  out wonderfully, because i've been patient and I haven't been causing any  paranoia at camp by looking for idols. Everybody's always  tired after tribal. They're exhausted. They sleep like logs. So now I’m at a point  where I’m saying, "you know what? Now's my time to go  out and go to work." historically, onSurvivor, when you play an idol at  tribal, it goes right back into the game. That means the idol's  back out there now. So, first thing in the  mornin, I went to the area where I knew I wanted to target first and I said  to myself, "this is where I’m gonna look before anybody else gets up to  look."  -no. -and then, while I’m looking,  Nick shows up. And he's cramping my  style. I'm like, "this  is my area, man. I want you out of  here." I think we just need to comb this whole area, man. -yeah, okay. -you know? I mean, the water  well, too. Nick: Yeah, that's  where I was gonna go. Tony: I already looked  at the water well area. So I said, "Nick,  "go to the well. Let's split up. "it's a perfect  strategy. You search the well  first. I'll search this area  first before anybody else does." so he says, "good idea," and  he goes off. And I was so happy, so  delighted that he did that. So I continue my  search. I went right to work. I was looking,  looking, looking, looking, looking, looking, looking, scratching, scratching,  looking up, going in the hole, looking, looking, looking. No! No. I picked up a rock behind a big root, and  there was a little package. I grabbed that little  package, and I ran -full force into the jungle... -no way. ...to a nice spot  where I knew I was safe to look at it. Please, please,  please. Please, please,  please. -i open it up. I peel it open. -please, please,  please. Yes. Yes. And then, sure enough,  it's a idol. I am so excited. I really didn't think  I was gonna find an idol this season because of the way I was playing. But say hello to my  little friend. Mwah. Oh, my God. Thank you so much. This is season 40. These are all  veterans, so you got to, you got to think of everything. And I woke up early in  the morning. I made sure I was the  first one looking. That's somebody that knows  how to play the gameSurvivor. So now I got the real  deal. Mwah. I love it so much. [birds chirping]   Sarah: This morning, I thought, "you know, what happens after Sarah  lacina's a cop?" a lot of people think I’m just smart and funny and...  Pretty, but I’m actually really creative. And I can, you know,  make clothes. While i've been out  here, I started my own clothing line. Turn around. Wow. Yeah. Kim: Right? -so, do you like it? -Jeremy: Oh, geez. -ben: That is awesome. -Sophie: Oh, my God, I  want one. That's so cute. -that's pretty cool. -that's actually  really good. Sophie: I want a piece  of the Sarah lacina fiji line. Sarah: I love Tony to  death, but he and I play this game two completely different ways. Could you guys walk a  runway for me? -Tony: I’m out of  here. I'm not watching this. -no, you're  watching... -hell no. -yes, you are. -Jeremy: Come on,  tone. -where you going,  dude? -no way. Sarah: Tony wants this  flashy, "i'm playing idols for them," but not really playing a  social game. As you walk down, you  get your jacket off... [laughing] -...and then walk back. -Michele: Oh, -that's  perfect! -right. Yeah. My social game is  really great. - -oh, my... Yeah! [lively chatter]   I think I’m making myself crazy [Ben laughs] yeah! oh, na-na-na-na...  Let's all give a warm welcome -to miss Sarah lacina. -[cheering and  applause] -ben: Yay! -Tony: Sarah wanted to  put on a fashion show, but I want to do damage, man. Ben: Well done,  ladies. Well done. Tony: I want to play  the game. Jeremy was my target  at the last tribal. Jeremy's very likable. I can't go to the end  with him, so there's no point in keeping him around. Where's your shoes,  dude? Tony: I was doing  laundry this morning, and I put 'em in the trees. So, obviously, I need  to go undercover right now. Ah, bro. It was, it was rough. Kim is whispering in  my ear, "vote for Sophie." Tyson's telling Michele, "vote for Denise."  and I got blindsided by all that. You know what? I think it's fine. Tyson was all jacked  up, but I think it's fine. Tony: What I have to  do is pretend that I’m on a side that I’m really not. Michele: Who's, like,  your number one person out here? -i guess right now  would be Jeremy. -mm-hmm. Tony: I’m undercover,  so I can keep infiltrated in the group that I really want out. -how are you guys  doing? -good. Just trying to figure  things out. Which is Jeremy, Michele,  Denise and Kim. -you wanted Sophie  out. -Sophie. Yes. -what do you think I would  do? -i think you were  -gonna vote Jeremy. -oh, my God, bro. -you tell me if I’m wrong. -you're wrong. I'm not voting for Jeremy. I was with Jeremy. I have to continuously  pretend I’m on their side, because that's the only way we can blindside them. Now I’m getting  nervous, because they might try to do -something to me. -i don't think so. -well, I don't know. -in my real job, I never  went undercover like this. The real world is way  more dangerous than getting blindsided on Survivor,so, right now, I’m having  all the fun out here on Survivorland. [chirping] okay. We had a really good  talk, and... Michele: Yeah. -you know what I mean? -mm-hmm. Jeremy: I think this  group is solid-- Michele, Kim, Denise and Tony. Michele: It's gonna be  the scrappiest vote for us. -it's gonna be crazy. -we're gonna be  scraping through. -good talk, lady. -we'll get out of  this. -i know we will. -[laughs] Jeremy: So I’m  thinking we have five out of nine. This is good for me. This is good for my  game. Right. Yeah. -okay, well, we can't  let that happen. -right. Right. Kim: Tony has got this  whole act going right now, where he's trying to salvage this relationship  with Jeremy. He is doing this whole  psychotic double agent act, where, like, I’m not supposed to know what Tony  is doing. But I do know. So I feel like Tony's  my biggest enemy out here right now. Tyson: Some  mentalities can handle it. And some can't. It can ruin people's  lives, to lose the game. There's a lot of  people that go home and struggle with it for year. For reals. -yeah. -you gonna be okay, Wendell? -i think so. -good. -all day, every day. -you're strong. Adam's gonna have a  hard time. Amber: Whoa. Workhorse right there. Ethan: Yeah. Feeling good. Parvati: I’m very  hungry. -wow, somebody had a  bottle of wine? -oh, my God,  there's... [quietly]: What the-- oh, my-- oh, my God, did you just find a  clue? I just found this. What the hell? Parvati: Natalie and I  are looking for firewood around the rocks, and, all of a sudden, Natalie digs  something up out of the sand. And it's this wine  bottle, and I’m like, "what is that?" Natalie: Okay. I wish. Parvati: Now we have  this clue. So we're like,  "what is happening?" okay, so how 'bout we don't tell anyone? -let's don't tell  anyone. -yeah. -just me and you. -okay. -let's just do a quick  walk. -yeah. Parvati: "i'll  crawl if I must, i'll never rest. 'Cause to lay down and  rest would be the end." -Natalie: "crawl" and-and  "crown." -"crown." crowns are at the top. Yeah. Do you think  "rest" has anything to do with, um, rest... "i'll never lay  down, i'll never rest." so do you think that has anything to do with our  camp? Like, lay down, like  sleeping? I just think the  crawling has something... Like around our bed? -dude, it's under the  bed. -the bed. That's what I said. -i was like,  "under." -that's exactly where it is. It's under the bed. Crawling under the bed  where everyone's laying. That's exactly it. This is where we're  gonna find this thing. Now we have to  strategize how we're gonna get this thing, because everyone lays on that  all... Day... Long. God, they haven't left  even at all. I know. Literally, all day,  the shelter was never unoccupied, so... We were just happy that people  eventually migrated away from the main shelter to watch the sun going down,  which felt like it took forever. Yul: Yeah. It's really pretty  over there. It's purple. -Yul: [sighs] yeah. -[chuckles] Natalie: Parv  distracts everybody, and I knew I had a very short period of time to actually  get eyes on this thing before dark. And I just started  looking for a medallion, something big, similar to the clues we've received  in the past, but under the one side of the bed, tied up to the top plank, was  a really small scroll. And I grabbed it, and  I ran away. [laughs] [gasps]  [laughs]: Oh, my God. -crazy. -[laughs] so, the  actual advantage is an extortion advantage, which i've been waiting for some  way to kind of mess up people's game, because I have no alliances anymore. Parvati: I’m thinking  we could really disrupt the game if we give it to someone that no one expects  and someone that we know is totally chaotic already and someone that I think  would stop at nothing to get those tokens and not sit out of a challenge and  not sit out of a vote. And we'll get paid  whatever price we want.  Michele: You  do kind of have vampire features. -ben: You have vampire  teeth. -Kim: His teeth. -and the blue, blue  eyes. -Michele: Yeah, you  kind of, like, look like... -ben: You-you would make... -Kim: You could be in  twilight. -ben: Yeah, you-you'd  make a good vampire. -Michele: Yeah, you do  look like a twilightcharacter. Did you shape your  teeth like that? [laughing]   [chuckling] oh, man. This morning, I looked  in my bag and I seen something like this in my bag. And I know I didn't  put it in there. So I got to see what  it is. I'm hoping it's an  advantage from the edge. So I’m gonna read it  right now. I ran far away from  camp, so nobody knows I’m gone. And here it is right  now. Oh, my God. [scoffs] oh, my--  first word I read is "extortion." this is great. The first word I saw  that popped out to me was "extortion." I’m like, "yes! Yes, I’m gonna extort  somebody." 'cause, in real life, I can't do that. But I know it sounds  like fun. When I watch in the  movies, the mobsters extort people for money or they're gonna break your legs  or they break your kneecaps if you don't give me this and that. So I’m s-- I’m excited. This is illegal, man. That's a extremely  powerful advantage, and I can't wait to use it. And then I’m reading  more and I’m reading more and then it says... "this advantage is playing  on you." six tokens? I'll tell you what,  man, if-if this in real life, you're doing some prison time. This is extortion,  code 2c-something. I know it's a criminal  code that-- extortion is illegal in the states. I don't know why it's  not illegal here in fiji. This is, this is  ludicrous. I got three tokens. They want six. I'm being extorted for  six tokens. That's double of what  I have. And they're saying if  the person cannot come up with the extortion payment, they don't get to play  in the immunity challenge, so they have no shot at winning immunity. And at tribal, they  can't vote. -[sighs] -my deadline  is before the immunity challenge. So if we get tree mail  and it says it's time for immunity challenge, I have to have the tokens in  place, ready to pay up the vig. [Ben crows] -tree  mail. -pray, you guys. -aw, man. -[groaning] all right,  you guys ready? Do we have everybody? -Tony: Yeah. -okay. Denise: "crazy  how losing a little challenge "can destroy your game as a whole. "this next one is  especially precarious. I wouldn't touch it  with a ten-foot pole." Tony: Denise comes with the tree mail, and, sure  enough, it's an immunity challenge. And I’m like,  "not only are they extorting me for fire tokens, they're also putting a  time limit on it." -Denise: Game on. -Tony: Th-they're  like, "you need to pay this extortion fee right before the immunity  challenge." so I’m like, "the pressure's on." so, my plan in  my head is to approach my fake alliance and tell 'em I’m in trouble and they  need to help me so I can help them with the vote. Look. The demand is six  tokens. So I need help. I got to talk to j. Because if I don't get  it, I can't vote with you guys. Michele: Tony asks me  for fire tokens, and I’m like, "oh, crap," because, in actuality, I  have zero fire tokens left at this point, 'cause I spent it on my 50/50 coin. I just need to borrow. I-i got-- if I win it,  i'll give it back, you know? Michele: But I don't  want people knowing about my advantage. So I have to piece  together, scramble together some kind of cock-and-bull story about me using  my fire tokens for an advantage on Edge of Extinction. I don't have any  tokens. -i got an advantage  that... -oh. ...basically, when I get  to the Edge of Extinction, it gives me an advantage in the challenge. -so I don't have an  advantage right now. -oh. -yeah, yeah. Oh. -it's when I get over  there, if I get voted out. -how much did that  cost, two? -four. Tony: And then she  comes clean and says, "Tony, I spent my tokens on a advantage." I said,  "wow, that's great, Michele. How much did it cost  you?" she said, "four fire tokens." I’m like, "whoa, the  price of milk just went up." how-- what's going on here? I'm getting extorted  six tokens. She just paid four  tokens for an advantage. I-it's-- I guess it's  inflation onSurvivor island. Inflation just...  [stammers] I don't know what Survivor'sdoing to me to-- this time around. Well, if you could  talk to him, 'cause I don't want them -seeing me talk-- all right. -i'll talk, i'll talk  to him. -i'm-a walk this way. -okay. All right. Hey. [stammers] could you  imagine that? -do you want me to  hold it, so I can show Jeremy? -just-- all right. But don't show nobody. Michele: He needs the  six tokens by the immunity challenge. Time is tickin'. So, he has to pay six  fire tokens? Oh. [laughing] Jeremy: Trust  is huge out here. And Tony trusts me,  and I want him to know I need him as much as he needs me. So I’m willing to give  one fire token. I would give another  one, but then i'll have zero, and I don't want to have zero. All right. Tony: Jeremy gave me  one fire token. So now I have four  tokens. I need two more,  because I can't vote if I can't come up with these six tokens. So I’m thinking I have  to go to my real alliance members. -what? -[shushing] Tony: So I  go to Nick. I say, "Nick, I’m  in trouble." he said, "no problem, Tony. I'll help you."  so then I said, "i need to talk it over with Ben." might not--  yeah. Ben's like, "Tony,  I got you. I got your back."  and I have the six on me right now to pay the price for the extortion. I am loaded. I am wealthy. So this is an official  payment for that... Disgusting disadvantage that somebody sent me. Come on in, guys! Tony: So I’m officially  paying for it. I will compete in this  immunity challenge. I will have a vote  tonight. All right, let's get  to today's immunity challenge. First things first, Tony,  take it back. -[kisses] -thank you. Yeah. -i miss it already. -[chuckles] once  again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge,  you're gonna stand on a narrow beam while balancing a statue at the end of a  long pole. At regular intervals,  you will move farther away from the statue, making it more difficult to  balance. If at any point you  fall off or your statue drops, you're out. Last person left  standing wins immunity-- safe from the vote. In addition, the  winner earns two fire tokens. Everybody else, tribal  council, where somebody will be voted out of Survivor: Winners at War. Draw for spots. We'll get started. Here we go. all right,  everybody step up on your beam. Get your pole ready. All right. I'll count you in. Five, four, three,  two, one. Everybody has their  pole on their statue, and this challenge is on. two things going  on: Your feet on that very narrow beam, and then that long pole, trying to  balance a statue. This is all about  touch. Poles in lots of  different spots. Some people very low,  some in the middle. It's gonna want to  tip. You're the only thing  keeping it from falling. Kim, with very little  movement, first casualty of this challenge. And we are down to  eight. Like so many Survivorchallenges,  you have such little room for error. It's day 28. You're exhausted. It's hot. And if, for one  moment, you lapse, that little flinch is all it takes to drop that statue  and, with it, your shot at security tonight at tribal council. 15 seconds, we will  move farther away from that statue. Three, two, one. Everybody's good. You can relax. Well done. All right, everybody  has moved back on the beam. You're now gonna have  to balance that statue again. If you knock it off  during this transition, you're out. Everybody lift your  poles. Three, two, one. Everybody make the  transition to this last section. Denise drops. Michele can't do it. Both out. It's a live  transition. You are a long ways  away from that statue. That pole is heavy. Sarah drops. Everything just got  very difficult. We're down to five,  just like that. Tony, Nick, Ben, Sophie  and Jeremy fighting for immunity. [creaking] Jeremy  looking very solid. Tony with a little  movement now. The longer you're in  this, the harder it is to keep your concentration. You cannot relax. Nick is out. No shot at immunity. We're down to four. Sophie. Sophie loses her  balance, loses her statue, loses her shot at immunity. Sophie's out. We're down to three  men: Tony, Ben and Jeremy. 28 days into this  game. $2 million prize on  the line. That's a life-changer. we'll go until  it's over. Now it's Jeremy with  movement. Been up there 32  minutes. Longest we have ever  gone in this challenge. Everybody fighting to  stay in it. Ben with a nice save. Ben can no longer do  it. Ben is out. -we're down to two. Jeremy drops! -Sarah: Oh, my gosh, Tony. -Tony wins... -ah,  come on, man. -...his second  individual immunity! -oh, man. -what the hell? Whoa. -oh, my God. Probst: Safe again at  tribal council. Two more fire tokens  coming his way. Dramatic finish. -Tony, come on over. -oh, man. -the second time in a  row. -oh, my God. -probst: Go from  nothing... -thank you so much. -...to dominating. -thank you. -d-don't say that,  man. -[laughter] Tony, once  again, safe tonight at tribal council. In addition, two fire  tokens. Cannot be voted out of  this game. As for the rest of  you, you know the drill. 28 days, somebody  going home tonight, will be sent to the edge, where you will wait for your  shot to get back in this game. Grab your stuff, head  back to camp. See you tonight at  tribal. Congrats. Thank you, man. Oh, my God. This is perfect. I won two fire tokens. I can pay my debt. And had I not played  that immunity challenge, Jeremy would have won that necklace. So, what's happening  today is we're gonna be voting for Jeremy. I'm loving it. [Tony crows] Kim:  I didn't want Tony to win today. -oh, my God. That's amazing. -[laughs] thank you,  thank you, thank you. Kim: But Tony winning  two in a row back-to-back is not bad. It puts a target on Tony's  back. So, yay for Tony. Tony: J, get out of  here, man. I'm not even giving  you a hug, man. Kim: Tony is  completely playing Jeremy, and I clearly know about it. But at this point in  the game, I don't have the numbers on the Jeremy side. Jeremy has Michele,  and that's it. -Jeremy: Yeah, yeah. -Kim: My only option  is to go back with this other group, who I don't really trust anyway. It's a precarious  position. It's not my favorite. Who are we voting out,  so it's not extreme chaos? -Jeremy. -Jeremy. -Jeremy. -Sarah: For sure? For sure? -yeah. Sarah: Okay, so do we  want to throw votes -at Michele, too? -ben: Yes. -yeah. -Sophie: Just in case,  we have to. Okay. Let's get two votes  thrown at Michele. -okay. -you and I write Michele. -and then everybody  else on Jeremy. -Nick: So I vote Jeremy. -yeah. -Sarah: And then we  send Michele home if Jeremy plays something. -that's fine. -Sophie: Going into  tonight, I have the idol in my pocket. But I know there have  to be oth-other idols floating around. Ben: Okay, cool. We'll just come home  -and make a big old fat pot of rice. -Sarah: Yeah. Sophie: We have enough  people to split the vote, so, yes, Jeremy will go home, but Michele will get  a couple of votes just in case Jeremy plays an idol. -hey, family. -hey. Meet you around the  water well. -i can feel... -you  need water? -i do because... -so  what are we, what are we thinking? -what are we thinking? -they're each-- i'll  ask you. They're coming after me. You know what I mean? -yeah. -so, like, i... Okay. 'Cause I think if we  ask-- yeah. -i'm down to do it. -then let's do it. -okay. Denise: I feel like I’m  playing double agent, because on the one hand, I’m working with Jeremy, Kim, Michele  and Tony to vote out Ben. That's not really my  plan. -so, we got us three, Michele  and Tony. -yeah. -for sure Tony. Okay. -for sure Tony. -Tony is for sure--  100%. -100%. -okay. -we have to trust each  other. -mm-hmm. -and do this. -it's all we have. -that's all we have. Denise: I've tried to  save Jeremy in the past, but I think it's time. -let's don't  overcomplicate it. -all right, yeah. Denise: Kim and I are  both in cahoots together to blindside Jeremy tonight. -okay. -all right? -okay? -okay. Jeremy: At the start  of this game, I was like, "you know what? I like Ben. He's a good guy. That's my  friend." and now, like, everything he does annoys me. Like, every little  thing he does bothers me. The dude-- he doesn't  want to work with me. He doesn't want to play  with me. Michele: Do you guys  need the stir stick? -no. -Jeremy: And Denise  and Kim would love to see Ben go. So, my intended target  right now is Ben. I'm... I am tight on  it. I am tight on it. All five of us are in. -great. -all right? It's crazy how much  things cost now. I know. I know. -it's crazy how quick  a million goes. -i know. Tony: Everybody's very  calm and cool and quiet, and they're tired of all the talking, the  chattering. Like, "guys,  we're solid. Let's just stop  talking." if they want to stop or slow down, that's better for me,  because I’m not stopping or slowing down. I'm always thinking  when they're not. I have the immunity  necklace, so I’m safe for tonight. I've been patient long  enough. Now I have an  opportunity to flip-flop. It's time for me to  blindside somebody. And Sophie is getting  too close to my partner, Sarah. So, I’m thinking my  target should be Sophie. Because my real  alliance is splitting the votes, that creates a huge opportunity for me,  because you don't need that many numbers. Jeremy and Michele  don't have a choice. Once I tell them a  name, they're gonna go for it. So all I need is Nick. But I’m just watching  the sun, as it's starting to set. I want to hit them,  like, maybe minutes before we have to go to tribal. -yeah. -you have Kim and Sarah--  -those two... -oh, they're splitting. ...are voting for Michele. And then you have Sophie,  Ben and Denise voting for Jeremy. -yeah. -so, if me and you  tell Jeremy and Michele, "yo, guys, me and Nick are gonna save you. You owe us."  -mm-hmm. "we're gonna vote  for Sophie. You two, vote for Sophie."  we got the numbers. We get Sophie out,  blindside. -tonight? -yeah. Would you be willing  to make that move? -it's tough. -yeah. -i'll do it. -that's it? -yeah, i'll do it. -oh, wow. Tony: Me, Jeremy, Nick,  Michele. 'Cause that four is  stronger than their three and their two. So, I’m gonna be  golden if I can pull this off. All right. Kim and Sarah are  voting for Michele. Everybody else,  including me and Nick, were supposed to vote for you. Okay? So now I’m taking Nick  away from their numbers, I’m taking myself away from their numbers, and I’m giving  them to you. It's that simple. I prom-- listen to me. Why? Because they were  gonna blindside you, kid. -who's they? -everybody. Everybody. Jeremy: Tony comes to  me late with a plan to take out Sophie. And I’m like,  "come on, we have a plan." like, I didn't want to do anything  different. I want Ben gone. And then he said,  "listen, Kim and Denise aren't with you. You got to just trust  me on this." and the first thing I thought was, "no, Tony, you're  wrong, you're wrong." so... I really don't know if people are coming  after me. I don't know. Tony: Can you please  trust me and believe me? I know you, I know you  want me to give you a lengthy answer right now, kid, and I’m telling you the  specifics of it, but I can't sit here too long because they're gonna know I’m  trying to blow them up. Oh, man. Jeremy doesn't believe  me. J, please believe me,  kid. Jeremy: Did you  already talk to Michele? Tony: No, I didn't  talk to her. You have to tell her. -oh, my God. -'cause i-i don't want  to be seen. Just tell her, last  minute, say, "put down Sophie. Trust me."  -please believe me on this one. -oh, man. Tony: I can't believe  it. Jeremy's reluctant. I'm trying to save  him. I'm begging him to  save him. "Jeremy, this is  your only opportunity "to stay in the game. "i'm telling you,  Kim and Denise jumped ship. "they are coming  after you. "if you don't  believe that, "and you want to go with your plan and vote Ben, you'll be  going home tonight."   probst: Sophie, last tribal, two advantages  and an idol played. How unnerving is that  when you go back to camp realizing people are using their weapons? Sophie: I think it was  a kick in the pants to everybody that you can never go into tribal thinking  that you know the plan, because nobody's telling each other about these  advantages. They were all popping  up out of nowhere. And I think it just  put everybody even more on edge, you know, this tribal council. Probst: Ben, it's a  reminder that there are land mines, and you just don't know where they are. Ben: Yeah. Last tribal, I had no  clue about either advantages or the idol, and so I think the seriousness from  everybody right now is just waiting for that nother bomb to drop, because not  all the information is being shared at all times. Jeremy: Jeff, I feel  like everybody is telling half-truths. -always. -always. And, uh, you just have  to pick through who you trust more than others. Probst: So, Sarah,  when you have people who have all won the game, they each have their own  approach to how you make a move that might be a blindside but can still allow  you to use it on your rã    sumã    . Sarah: Right. And that's what people  are trying to do is they're trying to start building their rã     sumã    s. They're trying to make  flashy moves and do things to win favor because they want to win the $2  million. Probst: Nick, are  there moves where you wouldn't want credit, even though it was a great move,  because it's just such a big move that that one might backfire? Nick: I think that can  definitely happen, especially depending on who's in on the move, who's left  out of the move. Or you could just  claim it and become a bigger target, and hopefully it doesn't backfire, and  then you make it to day 39, and you can claim this great rã     sumã    . It's a paradox, one of  the biggest ones in Survivor,for sure. Probst: Sophie, it's  like you're on one of those lazy susans and you're just constantly spinning. This game gets you no  matter where you are. If you make a big move  and you want credit for it, somebody's mad. If you make a big move  and you don't take credit for it, -you don't have a rã     sumã    . -Sophie: Totally. I think we talk a lot  about rã    sumã    s out here, but nobody wants a  rã    sumã   that's, like,  super, super long but doesn't have any quality to it. You don't want to be  like that annoying girl in school who's in girl scout and debate and  mathletes and, like, volunteers after school. Like, it's just very  obvious that you're padding your rã    sumã         for no reason. So I think the hardest  thing out here is figuring out, "is this really a move that makes sense  for me, or am I just trying to tick something off?" Jeremy: It's also  timing. If you want to make  a-a good move, you got to make sure you're not making it too early, because  you can't beat anybody at the end if you don't get to the end. Probst: Is that why  you left at the last tribal? Listen, I did my detective  work. I took a page out of Tony  and-and Sarah's book. And it came to my  realization that if I didn't play that advantage, I would be sitting in Tyson's  seat right now. Probst: So, how  comfortable are you tonight? I'm not comfortable at  all. It was real quiet  today, and that's not a comfortable feeling. Ben, how fast can you  tell when the tone or the mood around you changes? Like Jeremy says, it  was real quiet today. It was also quiet  around me today. -unusual? -uh, very unusual. And very uneasy. Michele, quiet or  busy? Very quiet today as  well. Yes. I got told a plan, and  instead of running around, scrambling like a crazy person, I’m like,  "all right, let's-let's move forward with that vote." so, Sophie,  -unusually quiet for you as well? -Sophie: Oh, yeah. It was a really quiet  afternoon. Um, and i-- uh, my  feeling is that's because every single person sitting here is probably  feeling comfortable tonight. So, it's a weird war  tonight. Tony: And-and the-the  reason, too, Jeff, is the last tribal council we had was a bit hectic. Everybody was mentally  exhausted, physically exhausted. So, we put a plan in  motion, and we were like, "okay, let's just stick to it." and  that's what happened today. Everybody: "are  we good? Are we good? Are we good? Are we good?"  everybody said, "yes, yes, yes, yes," and we took it easy for  today. Probst: Sarah, what's  brilliant about that is that the game level is so high that you've now  convinced each other that everybody's good. Sarah: Yeah. I mean, it's like mass  psychological warfare going on. But I feel like  everybody sitting here is smart enough to catch on, so if you continue to do  things the same way, they'll pick up on stuff. So, you got to change  it up for the next tribal council. Probst: So, Sarah,  what is the feeling when you pull off a masterful blindside? I mean, in a season  with all winners sitting here, who's the best player out here? And when you pull off  a blindside on someone and it was your blindside, I mean, it's a sense of  pride and-and you feel good like, "am I the best? That move says I’m the  best." probst: All right. It is time to vote. Michele, you're up.  i'll go  tally the votes. if anybody has a  hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. I'll read the votes. First vote: Jeremy. Michele. Jeremy. Michele. We're tied. Two votes Jeremy, two  votes Michele. Jeremy. That's three votes Jeremy. Sophie. Sophie. That's three votes Jeremy,  two votes Michele, two votes Sophie. Sophie. That's three votes Sophie,  three votes Jeremy, two votes Michele. One vote left. 13th person voted out  of Survivor: Winners at War... -no. -...Sophie. Need to bring me your  torch. Oh. -Sophie: [groans] damn  it. -[Sarah groans] I don't  know how I do this. [chuckles] [laughs]: Clumsy  at this. -Sophie, the tribe has  spoken. -okay. Good job, guys. I did not see it  coming. We love you, soph. Sophie: Need to take  the idol out of my crotch now. Boom. [exhaling sharply]  four votes. captioning  sponsored by cbs captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  probst:Survivor's looking for new players. It could be you. Apply now. Probst: Next time onSurvivor...  Jeremy: This is the part of the war that's gonna get really ugly. -you just sunk my  game! -no. I'm done! I'm absolutely infuriated  with him. Tony: My spying has  evolved, and now I’m up in the air. It's called the spy  nest. This is by far the  riskiest move i've ever had to make. Sophie: I've never  been blindsided before. I think it's a  traumatic experience. -Parvati: Sophie. -hey. -aw. -hey, girl. Sophie: I played as  best as I could, and it's a bummer to go out with an idol in your pocket. Hey. I'm sad. [sobs] I probably came  into this game feeling like I was a bottom-tier winner, and it's been fun  realizing that I can hold my own. [roars]