<br/>come on in,  guys! All right. Day 24. Survivor: Winners at  War. You know, sometimes,  even in a war like this, it's important to take a moment, lay down your  weapons and remind yourself what and who -you are playing for. -Sarah: What? -no way. -Sarah: What? -Denise: No, no, no. This is one of those  moments. -no, no, no, no, no. -shut up. -shut up. Kim, here's your  husband, -bryan... -Sarah: Oh, my gosh! -[laughing] ...and  your three kids. -i thought it. -Sarah: Oh, my God. Come on out, bryan. [whispers]: All right,  go. Go, go, go, go. -no way. -[laughing] -oh, my...  [crying] Kim: Guys! It's me! Come on! Oh, you're so big. Are you guys feeling  shy? Hug? Yeah. [crying] hi, babe. [crying]: Oh, my God. [crying] -Sophie: Aw. [crying] -[whispers]:  Hey, kid. Sarah: Oh, my gosh. This is unbelievable. I just miss you guys  so much. It's so good to see--  you guys can't know how much I’m happy to see you. I think about you all  day, every day. -[shudders]  -[chuckling] -[sniffling] -Kim: Hi, baby. So, Kim, -this is a  really unusual moment. -[laughs] oh, yeah. To see firsthand why  you left, -who you're playing for-- this is it. -[chuckling] this is  the family. This is the best  moment. This is way sooner  than any of us were expecting it. And so to know that  these guys are here and to see their actual little faces, not in my mind but  in person, and for them to know that I’m well and that I’m coming home soon,  I’m sure they've been wondering where i've been for so long. -[exhales] -it's just  everything. I don't know. It's one of the best  moments of my life. -really? -yeah. Well, you're all  together right now. -have a seat over  here, Kim. -oh, my gosh. -you go with them. -you sure are. -i can't believe you  guys are here. -[chuckling] probst: Let's  get to some more love. -ben, here's your wife  kelly and your kids. -yes, sir. -[chuckles]  -[applause] -Sarah: Aw. -yes! Surprise! -surprise! -[laughter] -come  here. -[giggling] [crying,  sniffling] Ben: You guys look so good. Oh, wow. [quietly]: I love you. [crying] -hey, my guy. -[sniffles] -so, Ben. -yes, sir. We remember the last  time you played. You were so open about  how kelly had, as you said, saved your life. -yes, sir. -so to be back here  now again and to have the complete unit here, what is this moment for you? It's-it's the full  circle, Jeff. Now everybody gets to  see my two beautiful kids and my beautiful wife and the reason why I’m here  on this earth, you know, and why I strive so hard to be a good man and a good  husband and a good father. It's 'cause of-of  these three right here, you know? [sniffles] and the  opportunity that you and Survivorhave given us and the platform to help  others and-- I’m so glad that the decisions i've made in life -have gotten me  to this point. -mm. Wow. -beautiful. Join Kim's family. -[chuckles] find a  spot. Sophie, you burst into  tears when you realized it was a loved one. Who do you want to  see? [crying] my  fiancã    . All right, bobby, come  on out! [chuckling] -Sarah: Aw! -[Nick chuckles]  [crying] probst: That's a hug. [Nick chuckles]  [crying] probst: A game this tough, nothing feels better than a trusting hug. [crying] you smell so  good. Probst: Sophie, talk  to me about this guy. What is it about  bobby? Bobby is just, like,  the most loving, open, caring person. And I don't think I got  it for a while, that bobby is the most trusting person. And to have somebody  coming right now, at a time when, like, I feel like even the people I like  out here I don't know what to make of them, there's, like, only one person in  this whole world who wants to marry me, -and I wish he was on the beach with  me. -[chuckles] -he is  now. -yeah. All right, head over. Join the other loved  ones. -reese's peanut butter  cups, a hamburger... -uh-huh. -...a massage. -all right, Sarah,  -you ready for some love? -[sniffles]  -[chuckling] here's your partner wyatt and your son. [Sarah crying] Denise:  Oh, he's so cute. There's mommy. -[Sarah crying]  -so proud of you. -[crying] -Sarah: I can  hold you. It's okay. [Sarah whispering]  probst: Sarah, does it get any better than that right there? No. [sniffles] Sarah, talk  to me from a mom's point of view. How hard is it to  leave such a little one, knowing he's in good hands but you're gonna miss  out? Um, you know... It's  so hard. And wyatt went through  this once. And, you know, when  people out here ask me my favorite thing about wyatt, it's that he loves me  no matter what. He sees me at my best  and my worst, and I have his unconditional love. And i-i'm just so  thankful for that. [sniffling] all right,  take a spot over there with the other families. Come here, buddy. Probst: She doesn't  want to give him up, wyatt. -[chuckling] -hi. -Sarah [whispers]: Sit  up here. -Denise, you ready? -[chuckling] -here's  your husband brad and your daughter. My peeps. Oh, my peeps. -love my peeps. -they need some love. [crying] probst: Wow. That is a family hug. [chuckles] look at  you. Oh, my God, you look  so good. You look so clean. Beautiful. -oh, my God. -[chuckling] so, Denise,  you're in this unusual situation where you have a daughter who's now a young  woman, -so she doesn't need you to take care of her. -yeah. -[exhales] -but she's  still your child. What is this moment  about? -she may be 15 and a  half, -[chuckles] almost 16, but we need each other as much as we did day  one. -i need this guy as  much as I did day one. -[sniffles] there are  a lot of parents very hopeful right now when they hear your mom say that, as  a 16-year-old, you still need your parents. -hell yeah. -definitely. -what is this like for  you to be out here and see your mom in such a different environment? It's just been hard,  'cause she's, like, my best friend. I tell her everything. And so knowing that  she's out here and I can't, like, see how she's doing, it's just really hard. [sniffles] -text me. Just text me, and i'll  get it later. -[chuckles] all right,  join the other loved ones. [sniffles] oh, my. Nick, let's get your  fiancã    e out here. -yes. -[chuckling] grisel,  get out here. [gasps] [laughing]  hey. [chuckling] -oh, my  gosh. -[chuckles] -really? -yes. You do. [chuckles] -so do you. -thank you. -[chuckles] oh, my God. -[chuckles] -you're  doing awesome. -Nick, talk to me  about the moments when you're out here on the beach... -mm. -...and you think  about the people that you care about, how did that impact you going home? At home, everything's  so fast-- work and school. Your phone's always  buzzing. And it's hard to  sometimes put all that away and see what's right in front of you. And out here, that  happens. And I thought,  "this is the woman I want to spend the rest of my life." and I never  wanted to take it for granted again. It's like-- it was so  much clarity, and I just never wanted it to get blurred again. All right, join the  other loved ones. -let's go. Here, at the top. -the families growing  over there. But we're not done. Tony, let's get your  wife out here. Come on, marissa! Bring the kids. [crying] [chuckling]  [crying]: Oh, my God. Oh, my God. [crying] [crying]: Oh,  my goodness. [crying] don't cry,  baby. [kisses] let me see  you. Oh, my God. [crying] this-this  is-- this is not a dream come true, man. -it's a fantasy come  true. -mm. I fantasize about  this, man. Tony, tell me about  the part of you that we don't see out here, -which is this guy, the dad. -oh. No, i'm-i'm sure--  we-- all these families you see here and the ones we're about to see, that's  what made us all bond. That's what made us be  strong throughout this game, man-- these guys right here. You know? And my wife never got  a chance to come out, man. My first season, the  loved ones, she couldn't make it 'cause, this little babushka here, she was  in her little swaddle. And then, for the  finale, she couldn't come see me in the finale 'cause this little guy was in  her tummy. -[chuckles] -and here  we are today, man. It finally all worked  out. They're here now, man,  Jeff. This is so real, man. Go join all the other  loved ones. Thank you so much, Jeff. Don't cry, my little  baby cake. -all right, Michele,  let's get your sister out here. -[chuckles] Kim, come  on out. -[both laughing] -hey! [chuckles]: Hey. -how are you? -hey, girlfriend. [chuckling, crying] so  proud of you. You smell good. [sniffs] you smell  good. -[laughs] -i'm so  proud of you. Michele, the sister  bond, even though, when you're little, sometimes it can be tough. When you grow up and  become women, it's so often such a powerful bond, -and I see that in you  guys. -[chuckling] what is  it about your sister, Michele, that connects you so much? Well, we're a year and  a week apart, -so we are like twins. -[sniffles] -she's my  roommate, she's my best friend, she's my sister. -wow. She's everything. She's the best human  that I know. And they have their  soul mates here, and this is my soul mate. And I just, like, feel  good. It reminds me that I’m  supposed to be out here. And she says that  she's proud of me, and... It makes me proud of me, to hear her say that,  -'cause I lose track sometimes. -[sniffles] mm-hmm. All right, join the  other loved ones. -glad you're here, Kim. -oh, my God. I missed you. All right, Tyson. Let's get rachel out  here, along with one of your kids. Come here. -come here. -[others aahing] -oh! -Kim: Oh, she's so  beautiful. -oh. -[crying] probst: Come  on out, rach. [crying] oh. -i love you, too. -love you. Be strong. How are you? [chuckles] -have you  been good for mommy? -who is that? Do you remember me or  did you already forget? Probst: Come on,  rachel. -Tyson: Come right  here. -you're in this. I lo-- I love watching  this. -really? -yes. -[exhales] -Tyson,  last time you played, you played with rachel. You want to go to mom? You hadn't made a  baby. And now here you are  again, sort of a full circle moment, where you have almost your entire family  here with you. I've dreamed about  this moment for a long, long time. 'Cause i've never  experienced a family visit in the four times i've played. And... I-- one of my  motivations for coming out here this time was to share it with bergen, so  that she could see what daddy does. This is what I do. I run around in an  island on-- -in my underwear. This is my...  -[laughs] -this is my work uniform. -look at him. -[chuckles] -Tyson: Do  I look the same? Am I stinky? -i am? -[chuckling] we only  shower in the ocean. That's my bathtub and  my toilet. [chuckles] all right,  join the other loved ones. Sit right there. [crying] Jeremy,  you're ready. Let's do it. Val, come on out! Let's go! -bring the collins  group. -let's go! -[crying] oh, God. -[probst chuckles]  [crying] probst: Wow. -[crying] -you can do  it, daddy. -you can do it, daddy. -[crying] [talking  quietly] Jeremy, last time you were out here, val came out for the loved one  visit and she whispered in your ear what? She's like, "the  baby's fine, and he's a boy." -and that's my guy, remy. -[chuckles] [kisses]  and since then, val, you guys have had another child. -yep. This is lenyx. -[exhales] add him to  the foxborough tribe. And your two  daughters. And jordyn and cam,  yeah. So, Jeremy, if you had  a diary and you were gonna write down what this moment is about, what would  you write? I miss 'em so much. I think about 'em  every day. I dream about 'em. [kisses, sniffles] and  i-- this is what I need. This is-- -this is the  reason why I almost didn't play. -mm. And this is the reason  why I’m playing. Like, I feel like I’m missing  so much, you know? And, uh... And I needed  this, Jeff. We're glad you guys  are all out here. All right, Jeremy, go  join the other loved ones. -thanks, Jeff. -are you happy, dada? [indistinct chatter]  this is a beautiful Survivormoment. This is better than we  hoped, hearing all of you guys talking and hugging and loving each other. And I just want to  thank fiji airways. They made this  possible. They flew all of -the  loved ones out here to fiji... -oh, my God. -wow. -...to create this truly  once-in-a-lifetime Survivor family bonding experience. And I’m so happy you  guys are here. -thank you, fiji  airways. -ben: Thank you, fiji. -thank you, Jeff! -thank you. -[whooping] -all  right, let's get to the loved one challenge. -oh. -oh. -[groaning] for  today's challenge, all the adults and the teenagers are gonna swim out to the  deepest part of the ocean, leaving all the kids behind -to dig in the sand. -[laughter] yay! Yay. All right, I saw some  worried parents, but I saw some very excited young people. Future Survivorplayers. Actually, we're gonna  do something historic. For the first time  ever, there is -no Survivorloved one challenge. -thank you. -what? -sorry, I hit you. -yay! Everybody's going back  to camp. -[cheering, laughing] -everybody's  gonna experience Survivor and create more memories together. [excited chatter] grab  your tribe and head out! Nick: Oh, my God. -[excited chatter]  -oh, my God. Michele: Oh, my God. -oh, my God. You're Michele. -[laughing] [chatter continues]  hi, auggie.  [quiet  chatter] Ben: Today was the biggest blindside inSurvivor history. Here, should we catch  up? You want to run up  there? Ben: We had no clue  that there was gonna be a loved ones visit. -[laughs] -and the  best part about it was there was no catch to it. No one had to compete  for their loved ones. No one had to compete  for their children. I think that this is  our reward for giving so much to this game that we love... -yeah! -yeah! [chuckles] ...that Jeff  was like, "hey, good job, guys." -mwah! -and so today was a  full-on celebration. -[shouts] -[laughing]  -ah! -[laughs] hey, you. Sarah: It was like  everybody put their guns down for a minute and the war was called to a halt. It didn't matter if  someone wrote your name down last night or not. My son's playing with  the enemy, but that's okay, because we're humans right now. And it was really cool  to see everybody in their element. Oh, you're gonna make  some sand soup for us? I'm making it for both  of you. Oh, that sounds so  delicious. Tyson: To have kids  out here for the first time like that, whole families out onSurvivor, I think  it was -definitely something really special. -oh, my... I was  genuinely happy for everyone, that they got that moment. oh, my God! It's our families! -what the hell?! -oh, my God! [crying, laughing] oh,  my God! [crying] oh, Natalie. [squealing, laughing]  [crying] [indistinct chatter] [crying] [laughs] [laughing] Amber: You bring  family members here, it's like you never knew we were suffering, ever. Everybody's so happy. Everybody has energy. Every-- nobody's  thinking about hunger. Nobody's thinking  about anything else. Like, we've escaped  -for a few moments, and we're as happy... -mwah! ...as can be. [laughing] Parvati: To  have my husband here, who I met because of Survivor, and our baby here, where  we should not even be having a family visit, my mind was exploding. This is so crazy. [crying] Adam: I  needed my dad to be here, to get some sense of closure for my mom's passing. The most important  thing was giving my dad that opportunity to be here, where she was with me,  where she iswith me. Like, I just was  talking about y-you and mom and how karen and Jeff met at your wedding and...  ...and how good Survivorwas for our family and what it meant for mom and...  Him being able to come here, it made everything okay. -ooh! -ooh! [shouts] Wendell: My  dad, he's the best. He's my hero, and it  was just so good to see him. Yul: I-i can't  describe how much sheer joy and happiness I felt in that moment. Bye-bye, daddy. There's nothing--  'cause you are the most important thing in my life-- like, there's nothing on  this planet that is more important than you, and, like, I don't want to ever  be away from you ever again. -no. -ever. -not for a day. -[sniffles] -like... -no. -i love you so much. -i love you, too. Ethan: I will  always have that moment that I shared with my wife here on Edge of Extinction. And that is, like, so  special. Natalie: This is the  one time onSurvivor when you are yourself with your family and you can see  people just be themselves with the people that they love the most. It was a magical  moment. Rob: It was amazing,  having my kids here. They got to come out  here and experience what we've been doing for almost 20 years. -[squeals] -you gonna  give me some good vibes for my last challenge? "i am, auntie  nat. You have to be strong  like me." -i know. I'm trying. -"you have to be  strong like me." [chuckles]  [engine rumbling]  I love you! come on in,  guys! All right, let's get  to today's immunity challenge. First things first, Kim,  -thank you for having it ready. -you got it. Once again, immunity  is back up for grabs. For today's challenge,  you're gonna pull on a rope, balancing a wobbly table, while you attempt to  stack letter blocks one at a time. First person to spell  "immunity" wins immunity, safe from the vote. In addition, today,  the winner earns -two fire tokens. -ah. -ooh. Losers, tribal  council, where somebody will be the 12th person voted out and sent to the Edge  of Extinction. Draw for spots. We'll get started. All right, here we go. For immunity and two  fire tokens. Survivors, ready? Go! First thing, you're  simply looking for that letter. It's gonna be on the  bottom. Place it and then  start coming back. Now's where you got to  balance the table. There's a learning  curve to that slack. How much play can you  give it before a block drops? Everybody working on  their first letter. Michele did this  challenge in cambodia. It lasted over an  hour. Sarah did this  challenge in game changers. It was over in 14  minutes. Nick reaching for his  second block. And that is where it  can get dangerous. You reach back your  right hand, and your left hand drops. Nick heading back. Kim, Michele, Sophie, Sarah  and Denise all taking a lot of time to get back with that first block. Tyson back with his  second block. Tony's back. Here comes Nick back  with his second block. Right now it is Tyson,  Tony and Nick in the lead. We're getting down to  it now, Winners at War. After that loved one  visit, there is no doubt this game kicked into another gear. Tony places his fourth  and heads back. Kim with her fourth. It is Tony and Kim  almost side by side. Then Tyson, then Nick. Here comes Ben with  his fourth block. Jeremy now getting  into it with his fourth block. Jeremy's made up a lot  of time. Tony reaches for his  fifth letter. Now it gets tougher. You have to be  precise, your movements thought-out. Jeremy reaching for  his fifth. Jeremy playing loose  with that slack. Jeremy, out of  nowhere, is in this now. Jeremy moving quickly  and dangerously with his fourth block. Jeremy playing risky,  and it cost him. Jeremy loses  everything. He's got to start  over. It is Tony and Kim  heading back with their fifth. Tyson and Nick coming  out with their fifth. Now the strategy kicks  into the next gear. How fast do you move  with the lead while trying not to risk losing it? Kim holding slow and  steady. Waiting. Everybody in the lead  has slowed down, and everybody chasing knows that's the opportunity. Kim has her sixth  letter. Moving very slowly. -[chuckles]: Oh! -probst: Kim loses  everything. Kim has to start over. -that's what you're  hoping for. -[Kim groans] somebody  in the lead to lose it. It's Tony in the lead,  then Tyson, then Nick, then Ben. You cannot waver much  with that table. Tyson moving very  slowly now. Not wanting to risk  losing what he's built. Tyson drops  everything. Tyson has to start  over. Now Tony and Nick and  Ben. Jeremy drops again. Nick drops everything. Wow! Disaster all at once  for a lot of people. It is now Tony in the  lead with Ben right on his tail. Neither one has made a  mistake in this challenge. Tony with his seventh. Tony down to one  letter left. Checking that  spelling. -making sure it's  right. -[scoffs] Ben knows  from a misspell. Ben heading back with  his seventh. Trying to catch Tony. Ben near disaster. Saves it. When you are seven  letters high, that stack will fall with very little movement of that rope. Tony back, ready to  reach for that eighth and final letter. Tony has his eighth  and final letter. He's got to get all  the way out, place the letter, get all the way back. Ben reaching for that  eighth. And he's got it. Ben has to pick up his  pace. -[exhales] -Tony  places his eighth and final letter. Still has to get all  the way back without dropping. This would be his  first individual immunity win in his Survivorcareer. Ben places his eighth  and final letter. Ben has a big decision  to make. He's either got to  hope for Tony to drop, or he's got to try to catch him right here and go for  broke. Ben moving quickly. He's starting to close  the gap now. Tony dead still now. Ben loses everything. That is a massive  advantage now for Tony. This is Tony's  challenge to win or lose right now. Can he do it? -Jeff. -probst: And he's done  it. Tony wins immunity! -Tony: Oh, my God! -probst: Safe tonight  at tribal council. [Tony whoops] I can't  believe it. -wow! I won a game of  patience. -congrats, bro. [Tony and Denise  laugh] probst: Tony, come on over. Oh, man. Oh, my God. -[laughs] -probst: Big  moment. Tony: Oh, my God, man. -thank you so much,  man. -probst: You are safe  tonight. -oh, my God. [laughs] -two fire  tokens are yours. [kisses] thank you so  much. Probst: As for the  rest of you, you know the drill. -25 days is a long  time. -oh, my God. Probst: Tonight, one  of you will be voted out, sent to the Edge of Extinction, where you will  await your chance -to get back in the game. -Tony: Whew. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. -see you tonight at  tribal. -oh, my God. Ben: With ten people  left, this is a huge vote because tonight will prove who's in control of the  tribe. Like the fog is  settling on the battlefield. There's gonna be a lot  of close fire zinging by our heads, and someone will get hit tonight. Tonight, there will be  blood. [Tony whoops]  Ben: Good job, Tony. -ben, dawg. -proud of you. -i can't believe it,  man. -i'm proud of you. -oh, man, I can't  believe it. -Sarah: Nice job, Tony. Congrats. -Denise: Man, that's  so awesome. -Tony: Thank you so  much, man. -this is an amazing feeling. -Kim: Good job, you. -good job. Tony: This is the  first time in three seasons I get to wear the bulletproof vest right here. I have it. To win it on a game  that requires patience, that's not my style of game. Slow and steady is not  what I’m made of. I'm made out of fast  and sloppy. -wow, man. That's beautiful. -Jeremy: There you go. [kisses] Tony: I am so  happy. This is more powerful  than any hidden immunity idol. And when you have the  power, people come to you. So, what-what are your  thoughts, man? [water burbling,  splashing] -Jeremy: I know he would. -Tony: Just wait. I mean, we still have  a lot of people to talk to, so let's see. Jeremy: It's getting  down to the nitty-gritty, and more than anything, I would love to break up Sarah  and Sophie. They're too close, and  that's dangerous for people like me who's by himself, basically, you know? But Tony's like,  "we can't do that." and it's frustrating. I don't get a voice,  and that's not how it should be. Sarah: Okay. So, here's the thing. We just need to make  her feel comfortable... -no. Why... -...that it's Denise  or someone and ... Vote her out. -Tony: I'd rather see Tyson  go. -Sarah: No, dude. -Kim is way more  dangerous. -Tony: This is what...  This is what I would like to do. -just listen. Let's go. -okay. I am. I am. -you're getting  frustrated. You got to listen. -no, i-i know. We don't have a lot of  time. -we have a lot of  time. -okay. Okay. Sarah: I want to vote  out Kim. Kim is gonna win this  game if we don't vote her out. But talking to Tony right  now is like talking to a rock. Kim has everybody in  her back pocket. She can win immunity. She was right up there  today. She doesn't have  everybody in her back pocket. -all right. All right. -no. No. Listen. -that's just what I’m telling  you. -i know. -you don't have to  agree. -i know. -why are you acting  like that, man? -what do you mean,  -acting like that? -you're getting  frustrated with me. -just chill. -i'm not, Tony. I'm just saying, -this  is a crucial decision. -yeah. Sarah: He's not even  listening to what I’m saying. He tells me stop  freaking out at him, but then he freaks out at me, and it's just a mess. And it's like, geez  louise, how can we even work together? This is going to end  badly if we can't get this straightened out. I personally feel like  Kim's the right vote out. We just need to make  her feel comfortable. -yeah. -okay. -yeah, i'll do  it. -yeah. -you want to blindside  Jeremy? -i'm down for it. I'm down. Mm-hmm. Ben: Okay. Tony: There's  something fishy about Jeremy. He's sneaky. I don't trust him. Every time we tell him  something, he wants to go against the grain. He would even vote Sarah  out if he could, so he's got to go. Kim: Okay. We need to talk and  spread this thing around. -yes. -i think so, too. Because I feel like  we... Us three need to stick together. That's the guy I need  to talk to. Kim: It's just chaos  at camp. There's lots of  conversations going on, and we're not a part of it. So I need to start  getting a different plan. Look, here's the deal. I don't think I have  any friends out here. -you don't have any  friends out here. -i know. You don't have any  friends out here. -i'm sure you know  that. -i know that. They want us ... Gone. -Tyson: Yeah. -Kim: But I’m done  with it. I'm gonna play with  you guys -as hard as I can to the end. -okay. Tyson: Us three, -Denise  and Michele. -Kim: Okay. You know what? -do you have one? -yes. Tyson: I am worried  that it could be me going back to the edge tonight. I've already been  voted out once. But Kim has an idol,  and if we play it right, maybe I can save myself for at least one more vote. Kim: I’m ready to go  to the edge trying to make a move. Well, you're not going  down 'cause you have an idol. -okay. -i'm not playing it  for myself -if I’m not getting votes. -okay. Okay. Ben: So, us three, Tony and Sophie are  blindsiding Jeremy. Sarah: Oh, my gosh. They've changed the  vote again. Are you serious? Nick and Ben just said  the five of us are writing -Jeremy. -and i'll tell you  why. Shots were fired at my  partner. -at me? -yeah. -who? -Jeremy. -he was telling me you  or Sophie. -oh, yeah. -so, once I heard  that, it's over. -yeah. -okay. Hey. -all right? All right. That I can just leave  tribal. If I feel like it's  coming down to it, I’m out of there. Then we don't have enough. You have to stay  there. Otherwise, we're gonna  get .... Jeremy: I have my  safety without power advantage, so I can leave tribal council. I don't get a vote,  but I cannot be voted out. But now my alliance  needs me for a vote. What are you gonna do? I don't know yet. If I did leave, I would  be turning my back on my alliance. But I’m a firefighter,  and we take care of people. Why-why do you  think... Sophie: Sarah has the steal a vote. I would prefer if she  just played it tonight to be safe, because if all five of those people vote  together, we will potentially go to rocks. The war is happening  tonight, and the question is: When the smoke clears, who's gonna be dead in  the trenches? probst: Nick,  let's get right into it. How are you feeling about  this game? Because last tribal,  you were very vocal in saying, "this is the most pathetic war i've ever  seen." yeah, I was frustrated. The two biggest allies  I had in the game were Yul and Wendell, and they went out back-to-back. But it feels like we're  playing Survivornow, so that's good, in my opinion. Probst: Jeremy, Nick  says people are ready now to play. Even now, whispering  going on. It's, uh... Jeff, man,  this is chaotic. This is legit. Like, it's... Probst:  So, it's not a ruse? Jeremy: It's not a  ruse, man. This is legit. -and it's back on  again. -Jeremy: This is what  I’m talking about, man. I’m so glad I got this around my neck  tonight. -[Nick laughs] -people  can go home with idols in their pocket. People can play a idol  nullifier. But I’m the only one  with a bulletproof vest tonight. Sophie, if we just  stayed here, this would go on all night. Yeah. Wow. Probst: Kim, what I can't  figure out is what triggers that. It just seems to just  spontaneously happen. You know, because you  can't ever really know what's going on. And before you know  it, you feel really paranoid, you know? So it's kind of a Survivorinsanity. That's a good word for  it, "insanity." -[laughs] -probst: And, Jeremy, everybody here is a  player, and so it's impossible to manage a game like each of you did when you  won your season. Yeah, this is a lot  different than our-our original seasons. This is our seasons on  steroids. I thought second  chancewas crazy, but this is madness. Well, once again, a  lively tribal. Is there anything left  unsaid? All right. -it is time to vote. -Jeff. Jeff. Jeff. Jeff. -Jeff? -what are you doing? -go ahead. You go first. -you go first. -you go first. Wow. Ladies first. No. Probst: What's  happening? You both said -my name  when I said it's time to vote. -[laughs] and neither  of you appear to have anything to say. So, should we vote? Okay. It is time to vote. Hey, Jeff. [laughter] -what are  you doing? -all right. -i'm ready to vote. -probst: You're good. -Jeremy, are you good? -nope. -you coming over  here? -yes. I'm coming to see you. -come to see me. All right. -i mean, Tony feels  good, and that's the only certainty... Uh-oh. ...in this game right  now, so that's for you. It's not... It's not  an immunity necklace nullifier, is it, man? Probst: Okay. Well, I know what this  note says, so I can cut to the chase on it. This is an advantage  that allows Jeremy to leave tribal council right now. He cannot be voted out  tonight. And in exchange for  leaving, he will not vote in tonight's tribal council. This is safety without  power. The "safety"  is "i'm leaving." the "without power" is "i will not  vote." Jeremy, you can grab your torch and head out. hey, guys. Why don't the five of  us just go make a decision. Wendell: Damn. Probst: Wow, battle  lines are literally being drawn. -that was his  squad right there. -mm. Yeah. He left his squad. So, how we feeling  now? Shall we vote? Yeah. But, Jeff, before we  vote... Probst: Another visitor. Sarah: I am going to  use my steal a vote advantage tonight. Probst: Okay. And I am gonna take Denise's  vote. Probst: Okay. This is a steal a vote  advantage. Denise will not vote  tonight. Sarah, you will vote  twice. All right. It is time to vote. Sophie, you're up. i'll go tally  the votes. -if anybody has  a hidden immunity idol... -yeah. Yeah, i'll go ahead. Wow. [sighs] I’m gonna play  it for Denise. -wow. Wow. -holy crap. This is a hidden  immunity idol. Kim is playing it for Denise. Any votes cast against  Denise will not count. I'll read the votes. First vote: Denise. Does not count. Denise. -does not count. -whoa. Sophie. That's one vote Sophie. Sophie. That's two votes Sophie. Tyson. Two votes Sophie, one  vote Tyson. Tyson. We're tied. Two votes Sophie, two  votes Tyson. Tyson. -damn it. -that's three votes Tyson,  two votes Sophie. 12th person voted out:  -Tyson. -sorry, ty. -probst: That's four. That's enough. -it's okay. Need to bring me your  torch. Tyson, tribe has  spoken. Again. See you guys soon. Probst: Time for you  to go. Bye, Tyson. captioning  sponsored by cbs and ford. We go further, so you  can. Captioned by media  access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org probst:Survivor's looking for new  players. It could be you. Apply now. Probst: Next time onSurvivor...  Everybody's been lying to everybody. I don't know what's  going on. Tony: I want to do  damage, man. -...this is what we're  doing. Period. -Kim: Yes. Everybody. I'm gonna be golden if  I can pull this off. Jury, thanks for  coming. You can head back -to  the Edge of Extinction. -hey, probst. Thank you. [laughter, cheering] -Adam:  Get in here! Yay! -[whoops] -thank you  for the gift! -Yul: Thank you. It meant so much to  us. -thank you. -you guys are awesome. -thank you so much. -that was a thank you  to you guys. Rob: Thank you. [roars]