<br/>Welcome to the finale of Survivor: Winners at War. Now, normally, on a finale night, we're in los angeles, we're  live, we're all together, packed house full of screaming Survivorfans, giant  tribal council and some really great energy. But for obvious reasons, we can't do that tonight. So instead, we're in my garage. For real. The amazing Survivorart department designed a tribal council set  and they shipped it to me in these two huge crates-- this was in pieces, I mean,  brick by brick-- along with a instruction guide, basically a-a manual for how  to build a tribal council for dummies-- me being the dummy-- that would allow  me to build this in my garage. Yes, I might have had a little help from our 16-year-old. But we've had a great time doing it. They also shipped out the cameras, a couple of lights, and  facetime, getting them set up. There are no camera operators. We're using our home internet to transmit. This is my daily earpod that I use for sports. That's the microphone. People ask if Survivoris real. Come on. This is as real as it gets. And it's the perfect way to end this fantastic season, so let's  get into it. This was the biggest season we'd ever done. 20 winners, $2 million prize, the introduction of fire tokens,  the return of the Edge of Extinction, and gameplay that has truly taken Survivor  to the next level. And i've heard from so many of you, so many Survivorfans, so  many Survivorfamilies, that I know are watching tonight, saying, week after  week, "this is the greatest season of all time." I agree. I think this is the greatest season we've ever done. And for a show that has been on for 20 years and 40 seasons, it  really is saying something. And all credit goes to the players. They did this. Put 'em up there. They deserve all of the praise. 20 returning winners who battled all season. There they are, safe and sound at home tonight. Nice to get a little peek into their world. They'll be watching with their family, loved ones, friends, as  we bring this season to a close. So I hope you are ready for a packed finale, because this is--  it's epic. It is dramatic. It's emotional. It's unpredictable. There is so much story going on, we don't have time for a  reunion show. It is that packed. You'll see. And at the end of the night, we'll be right here. We'll have the urn with the votes. We have zoom set up for the final three. And we will crown the champion of Survivor: Winners at War,  which comes with huge bragging rights-- are they the best of all time?-- and  $2 million for their efforts. So let's set it up. We have our final five: Sarah, Ben, Tony, Michele, Denise. Then we have the Edge of Extinction, where everybody, with the  exception of Sandra, is still in it. They're gonna battle in one challenge. One of them will get back in the game. This is why they've been living out there, for this one shot. That person will make the final six. And from that point forward, I promise you it's a beautiful but  bloody battle to the end. So buckle up. Here we go. The finale of Survivor: Winners at War. come on in, guys! All right. Final five. Today you will not compete. Today you watch. Come on in, guys! returning from the Edge of Extinction for the last time. Edge of extinction started 33 days ago with Natalie, first  person voted out on day two. One after another, you were voted out and sent to the edge,  waiting for this moment right here, a chance to earn your way back into this  game with a legit shot at the title of sole Survivor and the $2 million prize  at stake. This is that moment. Let's get to it. For today's challenge, you'll be attached to a rope. On my go, you'll race through a fence obstacle and then a post  obstacle. You'll then dig up a rope rung and use it to build a rope  bridge. You'll then race to the end, where you must maneuver two balls  through a table maze. First person to land both their balls earns their way back in. This is the moment. Let's see what you do with it. Take your spots. We'll get it on. Here we go. Good luck. all right, during your time on extinction, you worked hard  for a shot at earning some advantages. Natalie, Parvati, Yul and Wendell bought the first advantage. They will skip the fence obstacle and start at the post. Natalie also bought the second advantage, which allows her to  skip the dig. Her rope rung will be waiting for her at the rope bridge. She also bought the third advantage, which means one-third of  her rope bridge is already assembled. Big advantages. Let's see what you do with them. Here we go. Survivors ready? Go! It is on. This is it, your return challenge. Out of the gate, four people have the first advantage. Everybody else is gonna run the entire course. [grunting] Yul is through quickly. He's out first. Yul can start digging. Parvati right behind him. Wendell is through. He can start digging. [grunting] everybody else launching themselves through this  first obstacle. Natalie, who has all three advantages, is stuck in the first  section she has to run. It is costing her a lot of time. She cannot get through. Wendell is through. He can start working on his rope bridge. Boston Rob is through. He's now where Natalie is. Here comes Sophie. Wow, what an unexpected turn of events. Three advantages, and she can't get out of the first section. Rob is through quickly. He can start digging. Natalie finally through. Tyson gonna start to dig. Natalie's good. You skip the dig. Natalie goes right to the rope bridge. It is now Natalie and Wendell in the lead. But a lot of people are in this. [panting]: Okay. [grunting] Yul has his rope rung. He's good. He's working on the rope bridge. Parvati's got hers. It is Natalie, Parvati, Yul and Wendell. All four had advantages in this challenge, and right now they  are paying off. Another setback for Natalie. Rob's in it now. Tyson staying in it. Sophie's got hers. We got a challenge. It's Wendell in the lead. Natalie right on his tail, but she had three advantages. Jeremy has his. Kim has hers. Everybody else still fighting. Wendell is through first. He's working on his knots, trying to release those balls for the  table maze. There's still a lot of challenge left. That table maze is tough. Rob's getting very close. Tyson's still in this. No, Natalie's got to go back. Natalie has one rope down. She's got to go back, re-hook it. Another setback for Natalie. Wendell has his two balls. He's first to the maze. Trying to land that first ball. Wendell drops. Got to go back. Boston Rob is through. Yul is through. Here comes Sophie. Jeremy's in this. Natalie finally through. It is Wendell's challenge right now. Can anybody catch him? Wendell very close to that first ball. And he's got it. Wendell has the first. He's down to one ball left. Natalie's through. Rob is now at the table maze. Here comes Yul. Wendell in the lead with his first ball. After a long time on extinction, there's not much left in the  tank. Everybody's using everything they have right now to get back in  the game. Natalie trying to land that first ball. Would tie her with Wendell. It requires a lot of touch. And she's got it. It is now Natalie with one and Wendell with one. Rob drops. Got to start again. Parvati drops. Has to start again. Tyson-- very close to sticking that first ball. Tyson has his first ball. He's in it. It is Tyson, Wendell and Natalie trying to work their way back  in. Wendell at a dicey part of this maze. He's in the finish zone. Wendell drops. Natalie very close. And a tough corner. -she's got it! -[whoops] oh, my God! Natalie has earned her way back into this game! -[crying] -after 33 days, being the first person voted out, she  is now part of the final six. -what a story. -Natalie: Thank you so much. Probst: Instantly, the reality for everybody else starts to set  in. Natalie: Thank you. Probst: This game is over. Natalie, here is your new buff. Take your spot with the final six. -thanks, guys. -good job, nat. Ben: Hey. Good job. So, there are a lot of unique stories on Survivorover 20 years. -Kim. -yeah. You're always so good at wrapping up your story. So when you look back on this, Winners at War, what was it  about? Um, my first season, I was told I was perfect, flawless, it was  easy. And this was anything but that. I was on the outs. I could never get a footing in the game. I made every mistake. And this, in a lot of ways, was my greatest fear, you know, that  I was gonna come out, like, screw up everything that I proved myself to be  the first time around. And yet I feel... Maybe, better. I feel really at peace with my story here, which was it didn't  have to be perfect. I didn't have to win. I'm still me. I'm so glad I did not say no to this. I'm so glad that I said yes, that my kids got to see me say yes,  that I did it, and that I screwed it up and I’m going home me. And it feels really good. Probst: Tyson, if this is the end for you, wrap it up for me. I mean, the last decade has been, for me, pretty much Survivor. There's nothing that... Fully encompassed all the weird talents  I had as a person more than Survivor. Like, the first time I played, I was like, "this is the  only job built for me." [laughter] and then, you know, I had kids,  and... ...i think, for me, that encompasses all of my weird talents even  better than Survivordoes. I think I needed to come out here and struggle and play from the  bottom. I've never had to do that. And I think I kind of needed it to know I don't need it. I think being a dad, for me, is a good replacement for Survivor. Probst: Amber, why are you out here? [sniffling]: I didn't come here for me. I only came here for one person, and I came here for him. [both sniffling] nobody respects this game more than my husband  does. I wanted to be here for him. I wanted to be his rock. I never thought I had a chance in hell to win this time around,  because... ...even when you read my name as the all-starwinner, I knew  that... Nobody really felt like I deserved it. Everybody felt that this guy deserved it, and the only reason  why they voted for me is because they hated him more than they hated me. [laughter] Rob: But if there's any lesson I want to take away  from this, we came out here to show our kids you try, you don't quit, you  don't give up, and you do your best. And their mother's the toughest woman in this world. She stayed out there that whole time, made rice for everybody  every single day, never complained. This is a woman that's a champion. [applause] 188 days for me. -Adam: Wow. -but I leave here with nothing but love for everybody, gratitude  and appreciation. Thank you. Probst: Parvati, you came back to play again after just giving  birth. Why did you come back? Where was the gas in the tank coming from? [Parvati chuckles] um... Yeah, I didn't have much gas in the  tank. When you called me and you were asking me to come back, I was  like, "no way. You're out of your mind. -i'm, like, so happy." -[chuckles] because I’m having this  adventure as a new mom, with a little newborn who's, like, the love of my  life, who's squishy and cute. And then there's Survivor, which is the exact opposite of that. It's, like, blindsides and deceit and, like, really hurting  people. Like, it's a vicious game. I didn't know if I had that in me, but I was willing to come  back out here and play this game with every ounce of heart that I had. And I feel like I did. [chuckles] [sniffles, sobs softly] it's been a very different  ride for me this time than it ever has before. But I’m going back out really proud of who I was in this version  of the game. Probst: Ethan, is it fair to ask you about what it is like to  have literally been to the edge in our human life and then come out here and  play this game that's silly on one hand but can be transformative on the  other? Yeah, I mean, um... [smacks lips] you know, Survivor: Africa  changed my life. Because of Survivor, we launched Survivorstand up to cancer,  which has raised millions of dollars for cancer research. And I don't know if many people know this, but... Some of the  money raised through Survivorstand up to cancer helped fund the drug that  saved my life. -wow. -so, not only did it, like, create a life for me, this show  saved my life. Not too long ago, like, I was battling a rare form of blood  cancer, and I just craved survival. Like, I just wanted to live one more day. And I was thinking to myself, like, "if I get out of this  transplant alive, I want to play Survivor." and I prayed and I dreamed  that I could get myself healthy enough to be able to, like, come out here and  play again. And I did. For me, this is like the perfect bookend on this crazy and  amazing life that Survivorhas gifted me. And I’m so grateful and honored to be part of this crew right  here. So I truly appreciate that. And, uh, thank you, everyone. -Yul: Thank you, Ethan. -[applause] i'd just like to say that I think one of the reasons  Survivoris so unique is that we are all, sort of, this giant weird family. Fans who have watched for 20 years, they know you guys. They've seen you at your bottom, and they've seen you at the  top. And yet you continue to come back and share your stories with  us, and they inspire people. -so I give it up to you guys. -[applause] and with that, Edge of Extinction is over, but your  job remains the same. You are the jury. You'll have some more members joining you. But, for now, grab your stuff, head out, and we'll see you at  the next tribal council. -[whoops] -Parvati: Thanks, Jeff. -thank you. Thank you. -thank you. -thank you. Good luck, guys. Probst: We started with 20 of the best that have ever played  this game. You are the final six. And this battle is not yet over. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. I'll see you at your next immunity challenge. Tony: When I seen all these people and they're telling their  stories-- the hardships, the suffering, the struggling that they did on the  edge-- it really hurt me on an emotional level. However, I got to put the emotions to the side. We have a game to play. I'm not gonna let off the gas for one second. As a matter of fact, I’m gonna press it even harder, if I can. I'll put it right through the floor at this time, because the  end is coming up. That drive is what makes these players great. They lived on the edge for that one opportunity. Natalie won, she's back in, and now, as Tony said, you put the  pedal through the metal. All right, you're not gonna hear from me again until it's time  to read the votes, but because we can't do a reunion show tonight, due to  time, we sent audio recorders to each of the 20 players, and we asked them to  tell us, in their own words, what their Survivorexperience has meant to them. Take a look. Adam: Being able to step inside of the television with my  childhood heroes means, for my life, that anything is possible. -...Winners at War. -[applause] Adam: It completely changed my life, and now I believe  I can do anything I set my mind to. Michele: Come on, Adam! -probst: And he's got it! -[excited shouting] Tony: I’m the type of person that I don't  even leave my city. -don't drop it, Tony! -so playing the game is the most amazing experience that I will  ever have. Kim: It is such a hard physical and emotional experience. You have to know who you are to playSurvivor. And if you don't know who you are, you're about to find out. Michele: You transform out there on the beach, and it changed me  for the better. I found my own identity. Parvati: It has certainly instilled this unquenchable thirst for  adventure in my life. -[whooping] -Wendell: If you don't have confidence, getting to  go out on that island and actually proving it to yourself, that's a blessing. -Yara wins immunity! -[cheering] Sophie: It taught me to embrace the parts of me that  succeed, but also the parts of me that can fail things and being okay with  that. Natalie: When I have hard times in real life, I always go back  to thatSurvivor experience, when it seemed, like, impossible. Yul: Go! Nick: Survivor kicked me in the butt to get me to that place  where I was finally grown-up. Denise: It taught me so much about life, about what I was  capable of. Yul: When I was a kid, I was an incredibly introverted person. Done. [whoops] but winningSurvivor kind of validated the kind of  person i've grown into, which is priceless. Sarah: Winning a million dollars, especially in the midwest,  -definitely changed my life. -[applause, shouting] getting that opportunity, I’m so  fortunate. Sandra: I wouldn't have what I have today if it wasn't forSurvivor. It is the greatest thing I have ever done. -[Parvati laughs] -Ethan: At its core is a game of  relationships. -Ethan. -and it's human to human, even if we're playing this really hard  game. -proud of you, dude. -keep going, keep going. Ben: I grew immensely as a human being playing. I learned it was okay to trust people, and I learned about  forgiveness. Danni: Survivor really took me back to the basics when it comes  to realizing -what's really important in life. -[laughing] Rob: When I started playing, I was just a kid, and  now just celebrated my 15-year wedding anniversary. I love you. Amber: Survivor has given me everything that I value in life,  worth way more than the million dollars, for sure. Tyson: With the million dollars comes freedom to spend a lot of  time with my children, my family. That's the biggest blessing. -probst: And he's got it! -yeah! Jeremy: The biggest life lesson i've taken from this: Enjoy the  people that you love... Let's go! ...and have a deeper bond with your family. -Survivor has given me that. -[crying] you don't even have to win the mil to-- for it to  change your life. It changes everybody's life. Thank you. [cheering] Jeremy: It's awesome. -thank you for the gift! -thank you! Tony: Welcome to casa Koru. Natalie: I left this camp day two, and it's unreal that I’m even  saying this, but... I made it back on Survivor. Like, this has been the goal since I was first voted off. I bet everything on myself today, and it paid off, because today  I’m with the final six and feels ... Amazing. -oh, my God! -[Sarah chuckles] oh, my God, guys. This is crazy. The challenge was the first hurdle. And now I have a huge feat in front of me to make it to the end. The target's on me. This is a tight clique. I have to create some waves so that wheels start churning in  people's heads to turn on anybody but me. Luckily, it's only me here, so I can tell any lie of extinction  I want. But I got to keep my lies straight. -ben: Yeah. -Natalie: I think everybody's kind of obsessed with Tony. Everybody's on the Tony bandwagon there. I'm just sick of it. And the old-school people-- basically, the impression is that Tony's  doing everything and everybody else -is just taking instructions. -Tony: What? Tony: You have somebody like Natalie coming into this from the  edge; it's very tricky. It's very dangerous for my game, 'cause she can say whatever she  wants to us. That information could be total lies, because nobody's here from  the edge to debunk it. And she started blowing up people's spots, especially mine. She's like, "oh, everybody loves you, Tony. "uh, you're-you're their favorite. You're-you're gonna-- you're-you're the winner in their  eyes." and I’m like, uh, you know what, this is no good. I hope nobody believes that. I-i mean, deep down inside, I hope it's true. But I hope nobody believes that, because I don't want her to put  this target on my back that I don't need right now. It's poison. Sarah: Mm-mm. Tony: Yeah. -i don't know. -i don't know her enough. But if-if somebody takes her to the end, she wins, if she gets  to the end, no? -you think-- no. -no? -no. -oh, my. See? If you're thinking like that, so is Ben. -i know. But he won't turn. -i'm not thinking like that. -no, I know, but I’m not thinking like that. -and I’m not turning, so... If she goes to the edge, that's an  accomplishment. She stayed there the whole 39 days. That's such a backstory. -mm-hmm. -she made it through. She didn't eat so she could get advantages -to get back in the  game. -mm-hmm. She struggled. She suffered. -she came back and won. -mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. -no, I get that. -so... Sarah: I've never played with Natalie, so I don't know  how savvy she is. She's telling everybody that the jury's gonna vote for Tony. Is that a ploy to get me to vote Tony out? Or is it truthful? You know, it strikes a nerve with me, because Tony would not be  here without me. But it doesn't matter what I believe. It's what the jury believes. I feel like you wouldn't be where you are without me, and I feel  like I wouldn't be where I am without you. -yeah. -i know the game that I played. I know that, if you win, you might win the money, you might win  the title, but you wouldn't have it without me, and I was not your puppet. -i know that, Sarah. -and I know that. Sarah: I have to get my story out to the jury and make sure that  they know that women are just as equal as men, and just because a man and a  woman are working together doesn't mean the man is calling all the shots. [birds chirping]  come on in, guys! What the heck? -Michele: Wow. -probst: All right. Let's get to today's immunity challenge. First things first, Michele, gonna take it back. [chuckles softly] bummer. -thank you. -thanks, Jeff. Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're gonna race through an obstacle,  collect a bag, then head up a tower. You'll drop the bag and then launch yourself down a giant water  slide. Do it again. Once you have all three bags, you'll use the pieces inside to  solve a three-tier puzzle. First to finish wins immunity-- safe from the vote, guaranteed  to see day 37. Losers, tribal council, where somebody will be voted out and  become the 14th member of our jury. -draw for spots. We'll get started. Let's do it. -ben: Yes, sir. probst: Here we go. For immunity. Survivors ready? Go! The course is divided into two halves. It is Denise, Tony and Sarah on one side, Michele, Natalie and  Ben on the other, running the same course. Denise on the two-plank bridge. Tony's across the disc bridge. Ben is across the rope bridge. Sarah across the rope bridge. Natalie is across the disc bridge. Michele working on the two-plank bridge. Ben heading back with his first bag. Here comes Tony. Sarah right behind. Here comes Natalie with her first. Now you got to go up a lot of steps and then slide down and do  it again. Heading up those steps on day 36, that looks like mount everest. Ben is on fire right now. Tony's down, looking for his second bag. Here comes Natalie and Sarah, side by side. That's how you do it on Survivor! Denise is through the two-plank bridge. She's coming back. It is Michele still working on that two-plank bridge. It does take more time. Everybody has to do it. Here comes Ben with his second. -[exhales] -probst: Denise has her first bag. She's heading down the slide. Tony with his second. Here comes Natalie with her second. Ben out of control, going sideways. Landing nicely. -i give it a ten. -[chuckles] Michele has her first bag. Let's go, Michele. Here comes Tony. Not pretty. Doesn't matter. Natalie coming back down. Michele tries to stay in it. Denise coming back with her second bag. Sarah right behind her. -woo-hoo! -here comes Michele. -ah! -she's through. -[panting] -Sarah heading back down for the second time on the  slide. Here comes Denise right behind. We got a challenge going on here. Ben untying his third and final bag. He's got it. Ben will get to the top first. He can start working on that puzzle. Tony has his third bag. Michele with her second. Natalie with her third and final bag. Natalie gonna get in on the puzzle. She's gonna lap Michele heading up those steps. That is what it takes, is a second, third, fourth burst of  energy on Survivor. Denise and Sarah coming back with that third and final bag. You're still in it, Michele. You know this puzzle. Yes, I do, Jeff. Michele did this puzzle, and she won. That could be the difference. But she's got to get that third and final bag. -Sarah back with her third and final bag. -[panting] you can see the fatigue. Denise is to the top. She can start working on the puzzle. It is everybody but Michele working on the puzzle. It's a three-tier puzzle, so you're looking to measure these  pieces so they all are the same height. That will allow you to start building the second layer. Here comes Michele. Michele has untied her third bag. Michele heading back now. One last ascent up these steps, and she'll be in it. It would be a massive comeback for Michele to get back in this. Looks so easy. How difficult could it be to get six posts to line up at the  same height? Michele has her first tier. That is a big advantage right now. Everybody looking over to see what she did. Y'all are a bunch of cheaters. Probst: Michele is trying to make a giant comeback right now. And, suddenly, Natalie thinks she has that first tier figured  out. Natalie's now in it. Now Michele will start to feel a little pressure. That's okay. Probst: quickly, Natalie starts placing pieces. Sarah now has her first tier. Sarah's now in it. Michele is on fire right now. There is a theme this season of a lot of winners feeling they  have something to prove. Michele is proving it right now. Very quickly, Michele has her second tier. Michele now starting to work on her third and final tier. It would be a repeat win for immunity. It is literally everybody just looking at what Michele is doing,  trying to find the matching pieces to just copy what she's doing. Sarah right next door to Michele, just looking over. Natalie checking what Michele's doing. Michele undaunted as she continues to move pieces around. Michele thinks she has it. Is she right? That's it. -that is it! -[squeals] -... Yeah! -Michele wins individual immunity! [laughing] I told you it was okay. Oh, my God. [blows raspberry] Michele, come on over. [Michele chuckles] the dance again. You are safe tonight. Cannot be voted out of this game. As for the rest of you, got nothing for ya. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. See you tonight at tribal. Tony: This next tribal's gonna be very, very tricky. We seen it in season 38, where chris comes back from the edge  with an idol. But I’m glad that happened, because it opens up people's eyes to  see that's what's gonna happen to all of you guys. I'm pretty nervous about that, because if she plays some  advantage, that could be sending me packing, and I don't want that to happen. Ben: Is that all right? -is that enough? -Natalie: Of course, take more. -we have so much here. -[chuckles]: I know, I know. But, like, I’m sick of rice right now, Natalie. -oh, you're telling me, dude. -[laughs] -let's just chill, man. Eat this. -Natalie: Yeah. I can't chill out like you guys. You guys can chill. I'm gonna go look for an idol. [chuckles] Tony: When there's a potential problem, i'd rather  try to address it than ignore it. 'Cause when you ignore a potential problem, it usually bites you  in the butt. -Natalie: Shall I go get water? -yeah, yeah, go ahead. Tony: This isSurvivor. It's a game of the unknown. So let's prepare for the unknown. -all right, i'll be back. -it's better to assume that she has something than assume that  she doesn't. What do you mean? We... It's all good. I know. We got to figure it out, because if she has something, man,  what's gonna happen? There's no way she has... I'm not gonna guarantee it, but...  Tony's got an idol. All he's got to do is just play it cool tonight, and we can make  it to the final four. [laughs]: And he's not playing it cool right now. We seen somebody come in from the edge and win, man. -i know. -what would two, two, two happen? No harm, no foul, right? If two of us are going Natalie, two of us are going Denise, and  those two, whoever they vote, it doesn't matter. We-we break the tie by sending Natalie home. Ben: A smart Survivor would say split the votes, but I’m not  gonna do that to mama d right now. Survivor for me the first time was powering through people and  not worrying about the human aspect. This time, i've learned from my first experience, and I’m trying  to grow on that as aSurvivor player and as a human. Denise is not a number to me. She's a friend. She's an ally. Anybody wants to talk to me, I am open. I'm trying to go with the flow, apparently, that you guys have  here, which is no scramble. Everybody tells each other everything. -we can talk. Do you want to talk? -Natalie: Yeah. -yeah, we can talk. Let's go. -Michele: Okay. Let's do it. Natalie: The best-case scenario for me not winning immunity,  which was obviously my first choice, is Michele winning immunity. She's at the bottom, and, so, at this point, my game plan is to  work with Michele and make sure we break up this foursome tonight. Ben: I mean, you think Michele's working with her? -Tony: She has no choice. -what do you mean, she has no choice? Tony: She has no choice because she knows... She'd be stupid to  work with her. -[whispers]: No! Dude, this has been... -and... -wait, let's sit. -now Tony's like... Yeah. No. And that's what I’m saying. Michele: I've been trying so hard to shake up this game. But it's been really hard with Tony and Sarah running this game. They have been so loyal to each other. I have no allegiance to any of these people. Somebody coming in from the edge and saying that they want to  work with me, that they have an idol and I have the necklace around my neck  is pretty much the ideal situation on day 36. All votes are gonna go on you tonight. We can't beat Tony. So do we take Tony out right now with an idol and... -Tony's  gonna play his idol. -he is? Natalie: If I pull out an idol at tribal, -he's gonna play his  for him. -Michele: Yeah. Natalie: The only thing I really know for sure is that Michele  is safe tonight, I have an idol, and it's about time we shook this foursome  up. So I’m so thankful that I held out on that idol and I brought it  in the game with me, because if not, I would be going home tonight. Yeah. Michele: Actually, we just basically said, like, "i'm gonna  throw my vote on Tony." -okay, good. -but... -does she have an idol? I don't know. She seems paranoid right now, so if she did, she's voting Tony. -yeah. -i don't know. -Tony: Okay. -ben: She's probably gonna vote me. If she stands up and plays an idol tonight, -i'm gonna have to  play mine. -Tony: You don't want to do some splitting so you don't have to  waste the idol, man? 'Cause tomorrow's the last day, man. -i don't. -but, damn, do I have to do it, too, man? 'Cause I think they're making me flush mine out. I would think Ben would be all for saving his idol so we can  guarantee ourselves in the final four. It's mind-boggling how everybody's so reluctant to throw any  votes on Denise. They're Adamant that this girl Natalie does not have anything. -i don't think she's got one. -no. So i-i think we're-we're spinning our wheels on this and doing a  lot of coulda, woulda, shouldas. -ben: Mm-hmm. -Tony: If Natalie stands up and plays an idol, now I go into  panic mode. You, Ben, go into panic mode. We burn our idols. Natalie's safe, and either Sarah or Denise are on the chopping  block at that point. So let's just get rid of Denise and be safe. It's a win-win. I want me. I want you. I want Ben. We vote Denise. And keep Natalie? -if she has an idol... -she doesn't. Sarah: Tony started freaking out that Natalie might have an  idol. I have to always tell him, "would you just trust me? Calm down." that's all I do, and that's what people don't  realize. Why take a chance for me to blow my idol, Ben to blow his idol,  and-and then you possibly going home? -we move on for another day to fight. -she don't have an idol. Sarah: Natalie doesn't have an idol. You know why? Because Natalie and i, in the one day she's been here, have  built a good enough bond that Natalie would've told me if she had something. -Sarah, please, think about it. -well, damn it, Tony. -but I’m telling you, though. -okay. -okay, that's it, then. If... -i get what you're saying. -if you're 100%, then that's it. -i'm 100%. -boom. Done. -Sarah: Welcome to my world. I've lived 36 days of trying to calm Tony down. These girls don't have anything, so calm down, dude. Guess who's in control? Sarah. Sarah knows what's going on. probst: All right. Ben, is the elephant in the room the Edge of Extinction  returning player and the threat that holds? Ben: I would say so, Jeff. She's been able to sit over there with a lot of these folks and  make a lot of friendships while we've been away hacking at each other, and that's  part of the strategy that comes into play. Probst: So, Michele, the easy vote would be for the five of you  to just simply say, "look, we can all just stay together -and get rid of  her." -Michele: Well, the reality of the situation is that somebody new  comes in. They bring in new information. There's a lot to digest with what they're saying that the jury  is saying. And, so, we knew the chaos was gonna come, but it hit us all in  different ways. But normally, you have someone to back-check and-and follow up  on a story. With miss nat here, there's no fact-checking. We have to take everything that she says for her word. And she's good at what she does. She stayed and fought, and she's still staying and fighting. Sarah: And I think having Natalie come back into the game  actually, like, was a blessing for me. Probst: How so? Sarah: Well, had the edge not been available this season,  there's information I would've never got till after the game, and I would've  continued to play it differently than the way I needed to play it. Probst: Natalie, what was that information? I told everybody, basically, Tony's the guy that everybody's  saying is playing the best game. Whether or not it's true, from my perspective and everybody on  extinction, Tony's running the show. And I think that really fired Sarah up. Sarah: I-it did. It made me realize that if a woman in this game lies or-or  cheats or steals, then she's fake and phony and a bitch. If a guy does it, it's good gameplay. If a guy does it, they're a stud. What it is is it's a gender bias, and it holds me back. It holds other women back from playing the game the way we  should be allowed to play the game. And it made me realize that i, for two years, have been so hard  on myself from game changers that I felt like I was such a bad person, and I’m  not. And, um... And I can finally... I really feel like I can let  that go now. Like, she brought that to me. And it's... It is such, like, a weight lifted off my shoulder. I know who I am, and I can do a lot of things, and I’m not  scared of anyone. And I’m gonna prove it. I ran seven marathons in seven days on seven continents. I've been on the swat team. I've been a police officer. I work my ass off for everything I have because I’m a strong  woman, and I can play however I want. Because if a man can do it, so can i. And so can Michele, and so can Denise, and so can Natalie. And I will not be defeated by a gender bias. The biggest weight that has held me down for two years has been  lifted, and it feels great. Tony, we are in a cultural shift, and it's beautiful, and it's  powerful. But to Sarah's point, men have never had to deal with a lot of  the labels that come with playing aggressively or lying or cheating. So, as a man, are you starting to reappreciate and reevaluate  how you would label people -even in this game? -um, no. I-i... I'm not reappreciating it or reevaluating it 'cause I already  know it. I see it in real life. I see it at my workplace. I see it everywhere. We all know it. Probst: Ben, how about for you? Ben: Um, I know that women can do anything that a man can do,  especially in Survivor. And there's a lot that goes on in Survivor that doesn't relate  outside, and strong women like Sarah is bringing it to light. And I think that everybody needs to respect women, because  they're all our mothers, and they're our daughters. And that's what we got -to sit back and realize. -probst: Well, then, let me own my part. I'm certain right now, if I were to look back at all of the  comments I have made over 20 years, I would find the exact same bias in me. Who-who I call by last names. Guys have different relationships with each other, and I might  not know how to have that relationship with a woman. So i'll definitely own the fact that I don't think I saw it when  Survivorstarted. And I don't think I even knew I was supposed to look for it. But I’m very much aware of it now, and I’m grateful that we can  open up and investigate, even though it comes with crisis or it comes with  some hardship or it comes with some tears. Whatever it is, it's out there, and it's being talked about. You can start calling me lacina. [laughter] probst: All right, lacina. Let's get back to the game. Natalie, what do you do to try to ease this weight off your  shoulder that you're the easy target, or there's this uncertainty about if  you came back with an advantage, and therefore, that's another reason -to get  rid of you. -Natalie: Yeah, I mean, clearly, it's them four strong, Michele's  on the bottom, and I’m rock-bottom. And if she had not won immunity and I had won immunity, it would  be her going home, but I’m still here hoping that something's gonna happen  tonight that shakes this foursome up. Probst: One thing, Tony, that never changes in this game is when  somebody is desperate, they will find a crack where you think there isn't  one. And when Natalie says, "hey, all I have to do is go to Michele  "and say, 'you were on the bottom, and it was you if not me,'"  suddenly, this is a problem. Yeah, that's not finding a crack, Jeff. That's creating a crack. Again, the edge has all the intel from our side. Every time somebody gets voted off, they tell them who has  idols, how many idols they have, where the idols are hiding at. We don't know nothing. We only know what they tell us, and, you know, you got to either  accept it at face value, or you got to look a little bit deeper into it. And that's why there's a lot of confusion with this twist,  because you're battling the unknown. It's like you're fighting the invisible person. It's unknown, but at the same time, I feel like there's a lot of  things that people are just keeping their blinders to. And, so, I talked to all the ladies. I said, "listen, don't shoot the messenger, "but you  guys are giving Tony $2 million unless you guys shake things up." wow. Big-time move. She's good at what she does, Jeff. Probst: All right. Time to vote. Natalie, you're up. i'll go tally the votes. if anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want to play  it, now would be the time to do so. Yeah, Jeff. I'm playing this for myself 'cause... I want to be here  tomorrow, -and there's no point saving it. -okay. That's crazy. Just like that. This is a hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast for Natalie will not count. Yeah, I’m playing mine, too, Jeff. This is a hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast for Tony will not count. -okay. I'll read... -ben: Hey, Jeff. Hold on a sec. Since we're talking about beautiful, strong women, my wife keeps  putting these darn things in my boots. [Ben exhales] and I don't want to go home with it there. -thank you. -yes, sir. This is a hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast for Ben will not count. Okay. I'll read the votes. First vote: Natalie. Does not count. Natalie. Does not count. Natalie. Does not count. Natalie. Does not count. Ben. Does not count. Ben. Does not count. We have no votes cast for any player. So, we're gonna revote. Here's how it's gonna work. You cannot vote for Michele. She has the immunity necklace. You cannot vote for Natalie, Ben or Tony because they played  idols. The only people you can vote for are either Denise or Sarah. Denise and Sarah, because you can only vote for each other, you  won't vote. Four people voting between Denise and Sarah. And let me explain how the tiebreaker works in this situation. Our normal tiebreaker states when two people are tied, they  become immune and everybody else draws rocks. There is nobody to draw rocks. So, in this situation, if there is a tie between Denise and Sarah,  you will settle it with a fire-making showdown. -those are the stakes. -Adam: Wow. -oh, wow. -wow. Natalie, if you'll come grab the urn.  i'll go tally the votes. i'll read the votes. First vote: Denise. Denise. 17th person voted out: Denise. That's three. That's enough. -need to bring me your torch. -it's all good. -probst: Bring me your torch. -Denise: Love you, lady. [both grunt] -i'm so, so, so sorry, man. -it's okay 'cause I got to... No. [grunts] -[Denise mumbles] -ben: Come here, mama. Denise, the tribe has spoken. Kick ass. Love you, mama d. Probst: Well, another crazy tribal in what has been an  absolutely unpredictable season. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night. I may not have won the game, but I get to be known as the  queenslayer. Nobody else did that move with me. I got more than I needed and more than I wanted out of my second  time out here, and I’m incredibly grateful for that. But mama d is out. Tony: I have the utmost respect for you and for Sarah, but  when I ask you guys something or tell you guys, -"listen, if you guys  are 100%, then i'll back down." -yeah. -i always compromise. -yeah. But you guys never do with me, man. I was telling you guys, "please, let's do this. Let's try to figure this out so we don't waste our idols,"  -and you guys didn't want to budge. -right. -you didn't want to listen to me, you know. -yeah. -i am sorry. When we left... -no, no, no, man. When we left and her ... Jacket was here, there was something  up. -you know what I mean? -Tony: I know. I'm so angry. I'm frustrated. Denise goes home. I lose an idol. Ben loses an idol. We're vulnerable at the final five. Nice job, guys. Sarah: Okay. Tony: The only good part is there was three idols played. At least one is coming back into the game, and I want to get a  jump on finding it. I'm not gonna wait till the sun comes out, so... I do one of my  midnight specials. [chuckles]: I get a shell, I throw some coal in it, and off I go  into the jungle, searching for the idol.  so, I’m feeling around, feeling around, searching  high and low, everywhere in between, and I come up short. And then here comes the sun, and then here comes everybody else. And now I’m getting nervous, because with a little luck, anybody  can find an idol. yeah. Natalie: Oh, my God. I can't believe it. This would be the... Probably the 50th time i've stuck my hand  into a little crevice. And I felt a rope, and my heart just starts pounding so fast. Natalie: This is awesome. I have an immunity idol. It shows dedication and that relentlessness on a goal is  something that i've been able to harness from extinction. And now I’m gonna use it to break up those three. So, my work is just getting started. So it's got to be around somewhere. Yeah. Ben: Me and Tony have been scouring this whole island. There's two idol hounds out here, and neither of us have found  it. So, that's starting to get a little concerning, 'cause that  means that possibly Michele or Natalie have found it. And if that's the case and one of those girls wins immunity,  we're screwed. come on in, guys! All right. Let's get to today's immunity challenge. First things first, Michele, the second time -in a row I’m gonna  take it back. -dang it. Thanks. Once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're gonna race through a series of  obstacles, collecting a key along the way. That key will unlock two sandbags. First player to land both their sandbags on their target...  ...wins immunity, guaranteed a spot in the final four, which means you have a  shot at the end, either by winning it, by being taken or winning in fire. Huge stakes today. We'll draw for spots. We'll get started. All right, here we go! For immunity and a spot in the final four. Survivors ready? Go! everybody in the water. You got to swim to your ramp. That's stage one. Natalie's gonna get there first. Ben's right in it. Here comes Michele, Sarah and Tony. Natalie's up the ramp. Ben is up the ramp. Both are in the water. Here comes Sarah and Michele. Sarah's in the water. Michele in the water. There goes Tony. Now you got to get across the beam any way you want. -[Ben grunts] -you can walk it, crawl it, scooch it. It does not matter. You're untying one key along the way. Natalie has her key. Ben has his key. Sarah's in it. Here comes Tony. Nat's good. Ben is good. Sarah has her key. Tony's working on his key. Michele taking a long time on that beam. Sarah's good. She's in the water. Now you got to throw yourself under the net, crawling in the  sand. Tony's in the water. Michele in last, working on her key. Ben takes the lead now. He's through first. Here comes Natalie. Sarah's in the net. Tony right behind. Michele still on the beam. Oh, God. I'm so scared. Probst: Ben has his two sandbags free. He can start tossing. Got to land both of them. Ben close with the first. On and off with the second. Ben zoned in very quickly. Natalie on and off. Sarah unlocking her sandbags. Tony unlocking his sandbags. Michele's in the water now. You've got to get both bags on the target. If you knock one off, you got to land it again. Tony now in on it. Sarah's in on it. Guaranteed spot at four. Anything can happen at four. Here comes Michele, still digging to stay in this. Tony on and off. Ben has his first bag! He's got one left. Everybody chasing Ben now. Sarah short. Trying to dial in that touch. Ben for the win. Oh! On and off. Stayed for a second but rolled off. Tony's on. He's got his first sandbag. It's Tony and Ben now. -[grunts] -Ben on and off again. Tony can win it now right here. Tony on and off. -Ben on and off again! -[grunts] wow. Ben and Tony are all around it. They're hitting their target time after time, but you got to get  it to stick. And Tony does! Tony wins individual immunity. Guaranteed a spot in the final four. Wow. Ben: The good thing is is that Tony won immunity. However, neither of us have been able to find the idol. So the risk is we do not know what Natalie has. If we all put our votes on Natalie right now and then she pulls  out an idol, that's unnerving. -good job, Tony. -yeah. -good job, brother. -oh, thank you, man. -good job, man. -hey, thanks. Natalie: Even though Tony won the necklace, I still want to  break up this three. And the only one of them that might flip is Sarah. Sarah? Same. Natalie: I do have an idol, but self-preservation only gets me  till tomorrow. And if we don't break up this threesome today, it's not  happening. Sarah: Who? Tony: Natalie and Michele. Natalie-- she's not looking for an idol. They might have found it, Sarah. So this is what we have-- just to make sure, I have to go in my  spy nest. -all right. -so I need you to try to get the girls. -Sarah: Okay. -or we can say, "girls, let's talk." -and then I want  to hear what they say. -and see what they say. -yeah. -okay. All right. I'm gonna go in the spy nest now. -okay. -i-i don't think they have it, -but just in case. All right? -all right. Sarah: All right, what are you thinking, girl? Natalie: Well, if I was Tony-- I’m trying to put myself in his  shoes. Obviously, I don't know if he wants to be like, "all right,  Michele or Natalie," or if he wants to do something bigger and get rid  of, I don't know, Ben. But obviously, you three are like, "i'm not gonna write  each other's names down." [chuckles]: So... Well, and that's just it. That's what I have to debate is: -how can I win this game? -yeah. I think last tribal was probably your best tribal. -Sarah: Yeah, but it doesn't win you the game. -no, but when you have moments like that, people do give a .... It's not fake. Are-are you only willing to write down Ben's name? I would rather write Ben's because I would rather not -compete  against Ben in fire, ever. -sure. So this is my situation, right? So if it's three of us and Ben goes home tonight, I feel like  you have an idol, so I’m not, I’m not pitching anything... Sarah: What is  that? What do you have? Something to keep me safe. Let me see. Shut up. Natalie: Yeah. I found it. Where'd you find it? Um, on the way to water, around that back way. Tony: So I climb up the tree, listening to their conversation,  and then my eyes are like "bing!" and sure enough, Natalie tells Sarah  she has an idol. Sarah: All right. So what do we want to do? Natalie: So, Michele, day one, she told me, "i'm a hundred  percent with you, and we both want to work with you." Sarah: The three  of us need to come to a consensus. -yeah. -all right. Let's get back, check on that rice. -um... -between you four, who do you think would've had the best  chance of winning immunity-- I mean... [conversation fades] [quietly]: That  was the worst experience of my life. They were talking for, like, an hour. Look at me. My legs are shaking. I almost died. But after she showed her the idol, I knew that we're all good. I saw it and heard it all. How spot-on am I with these girls? -super spot-on. So... -i knew it, man. Okay, so here's what I think we need to do. I don't think she'd play it for Michele. -i think she'll play it for herself. -yeah. -so the votes need to go on Michele. -yeah. -right? 'Cause we don't want Ben out, right? -yeah. Yeah. You're gonna tell them that the plan is for me and Ben to vote Natalie,  so then she thinks the votes are gonna go on her. You know what I mean? Knowing that Natalie has an idol, we're all voting for Michele. We can't let her stay here any longer. She's just gonna cause trouble and chaos, so she's going home  tonight. Done. But I put my idol in my buff. -mm-hmm. -i'm standing, and she's like, "what's that?" I was  like, "okay, it's-it's the idol." -Michele: Damn it. -but it ended up working-- no, but it ended up working 'cause  then she was like, "wow. All right, yeah." Natalie... She's gonna vote me out  tonight. -no. -yes. They know that I have nothing, and they are going to go at this  point with a safe bet. Michele: What an absolute disaster. Sarah knows now that Natalie has an idol and I have nothing. And since I don't see those three cracking on each other, I am  the obvious target tonight. Sarah: They're scheming now. Ben: Yeah. Here's the problem. Do you think she would play her idol for Michele? Ben: Coming from the edge, probably. I mean, that's the kind of move she's gonna have to make to win  it. Plays an idol for herself one tribal. Plays an idol for someone else the next tribal. I mean, I’m all for writing down Michele, but... -and they  play-- I know. -it's okay. Listen, i've accepted my fate in this game. I'm okay with it. I won't be mad at you. I won't be mad at Tony. Sarah: Well, I’m not writing your name down. Listen, just hear me out. If you want to put my name down, use that as your rã     sumã     and win it, I’m for it. Ben. No, I’m serious, though. Because, listen... [stammers] you gave such a good speech last  night... Sarah: You're seriously okay with that? Ben: Mm-hmm. Sarah: Ben. Listen, that way, you can't say you got drug along. -ben. -you know what I’m saying? Are you being serious? I'm being whatever this is. I love you. Ben. You have my permission. ..., Ben. Why are you doing this? You have to go ... Win it though. Okay? Ben: I've struggled enough in my heart. I know she's been struggling to protect me, and I don't want to  drag her down. It's just, I feel in my heart the right thing to do is to give  her permission. And she doesn't have to, but if she does, she does, you know? I know, no matter what happens, I’m gonna walk away from Survivor  with my head held high and actually have actual friends. 'Cause having friends is worth more than money. Sarah: Ben has given me the blessing to vote him out. And it tears me up, like... He's looked out for me this whole  game, and i've looked out for him. And in a game where you can't trust anyone, we trust each other  100%. And to see him in tears destroys me. He's the last person that I want to hurt. Michele: I think she's straight-up lying. -i-i'm 95% confident that they're gonna go on me tonight. -yeah. Sarah: But in order for me to even have a shot, I have to make a  move. And I have to make a move without Tony. I've had to make hard decisions, but this one's the worst ever. And I don't know what I’m gonna do. probst: So I was thinking about you guys today, and I have  a thought. This season was envisioned as a celebration. Let's bring back 20 of the greatest and let's just watch them  play, one more time. But when you invite winners back and you call it Winners at War,  you also invite that competitive spirit that got all you guys here to win the  game in the first place. And you started at this pace that has been unforgiving, like a  group of marathon runners that went a little too quick that first mile and  they are trying desperately to finish. Painful to go through, powerful to watch. And one of the themes this season has been breakthroughs. Sarah, you had one at the last tribal that was amazing. Been carrying around two years of pain that you now realize  wasn't even yours to carry; it was some gender bias crap. -it's now gone. -it's lacina. You're right. [laughter] lacina. So here's the thought. Is it possible that Survivor serves the purpose of a  well-intentioned but relentless adversary that pushes you to deal with stuff? It's not just 39 days in fiji. That's a great vacation. This is 39 days of intense personal scrutiny. Sarah: Yeah. It brings out the best in you and it brings out the worst in  you. I always chose to ignore when it would bring out the best in me,  and I wouldn't give myself credit for that, and I would downplay those  moments. And I would take when it brings out the worst in me and inflate  it. I was so hard on myself, but I think you have to forgive  yourself, and it's okay. But I think everybody walks away from this growing. And so if that's what I get out of this journey, it's worth  everything for me. Probst: Ben, when Sarah said she downplays the good but really  highlights the bad, you were nodding. What were you relating to about that? Coming out this time, i-i didn't want to be that person again. She talks about growth, and that's what this season was for me. It was growth. I wanted to be a more positive person, you know, represent my  family in-in a better light, and walk away from this experience with friends,  not go back home and not like the person that I was, you know? And I think that is worth more than any, um, dollar sign or  anything like that. That's been my goal. So what is it, Tony, that, in this game, highlights the bad in  your eyes, when the audience so often sees the good? 'Cause they're not dealing with the people. Th-they're watching a show for entertainment purposes only. They're not dealing with the emotions and the feelings that you  get from people that you bond with. They don't see the social part of it. They see the strategic part. "i'm gonna blindside this person. I'm gonna play an idol and send somebody home." and then I’m  here with people that I just know, and it's like the closer I get to them,  the harder it is to vote them off. So that's the feeling that nobody can get from watching it on  tv. Probst: So, lacina, when you get back to camp, Tony's got his  fourth win, there's only four other people, what happens? What's that like? Sarah: Well, I think it's time to evaluate: How do you get  through tonight and set yourself up for success tomorrow? So I think everybody had conversations with everyone today,  because the game turned not so alliance based and turned more into an  individual game today. This is the last time we write someone's name down to vote them  out. After this, everybody's on their own to save their own butt. Ben, was it different for you today? It was a little different. And tonight is about being brave and being strong and having  friendships and just staying positive, Jeff. That's all we got to do. Probst: So, Michele, it sounds like without anybody saying it,  the collective unconscious all just sort of happened, which is, "oh,  we're on our own now." Michele: I don't know. I have been running against this wall of an alliance for over a  week now... You're talking with Sarah, Ben and Tony? Michele: Yeah, that's right. I think these players found a very strong alliance, very early  on, that carried them through this game. I've been in a very different position, so of course my optimism  says, "i hope I can work my way in," but my realistic side of me  says, "i haven't been able to do that yet, so curb your  expectation." all right, it is time to vote. Michele, you're up. i'll go tally the votes. If anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want to play it,  now would be the time to do so. -okay. -oh. I hope this goes as  planned. -i'm playing this for myself tonight. -okay. This is a hidden immunity idol. Any votes cast for Natalie will not count. Wow. I'll read the votes. First vote: Ben. Michele. Ben. Two votes Ben, one vote Michele. Michele. We're tied. Two votes Ben, two votes Michele, one vote left. 18th person voted out of Survivor: Winners at War... -...ben. -ooh. Love you. -hope you all are ready to party. -[laughter] you know I’m getting a hug from you, too, mr. Jeff. I'll take it. Ben, the tribe has spoken. Thanks for playing. Yeah, buddy. Aha! Probst: You've made it to the final four. Tomorrow you will compete in your final immunity challenge. Get some rest. Grab your torches, head back to camp. Good night. Ben: This has been a humbling and a fantastic learning  experience for myself. I got what I needed out of this season: A lot of self-growth. I left it all out there. I'm proud of my game and grateful for the experience thatSurvivor  has given me and my children and my wife. Very much appreciative and-and blessed. come on in, guys! [sighs] all right. Shall we get to your final immunity challenge? First things first, Tony, for the fourth time, got to take back  the necklace. -thank you. -yep. For the last time, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you'll have one hand tied behind your  back. On my go, you'll drop a ball down a chute. It will spiral to the bottom. You'll catch it, put it back in. At regular intervals, we will add more balls, making it more  difficult. If at any point a ball drops, you're out. Last person left standing wins immunity, is guaranteed a spot at  the final tribal council where you will get a chance to plead your case to  the jury about why you deserve the title of sole Survivor and the $2 million  prize that comes with it. In addition, you control the fate of the other three. Who do you bring with you? Who do you force to make fire? The biggest challenge of Survivor: Winners at War is here. Let's do it. All right. Here we go. You'll have five seconds to drop your first ball. Everybody, grab one. Five, four, three, two, one. And it's on. The final immunity challenge in our 40th season of Survivor. Natalie, Michele, Tony and Sarah. Your ball will rotate which side it comes out automatically  every time. So if it comes out on the right side, the next time, it will be  on the left. This'll continue as we add more balls into this. Couple of interesting statistics. Of the four of you, all of whom won the game, only one of you  won the final immunity challenge in their season: Michele. Contrast that against this statistic. We have done this challenge three times as the final immunity  challenge, and every person who won it won the game. All right, you each have 15 seconds to place another ball. That's a big window. You can use that time however you want. You got to stay focused right now. This is that moment right here. Everybody now has two balls in motion. Now it just got a little more difficult. Now you have one ball coming out on the right, the next ball on  the left. That ball drops, you're out and you are not in control of your  fate tonight. all right, everybody has 15 seconds to place a third ball. Natalie drops. Tony drops his. Michele drops hers. Sarah drops hers. Everybody now with three balls in motion. Now the challenge is full-on. You got to be on your toes now. Always thinking, "right, left, right, left." -[shouts]  -Tony drops. He's first out. No shot at immunity. It is Natalie, Michele and Sarah. Three women now fighting for immunity. This game requires so much. It is an all-encompassing challenge of the human spirit,  depriving you of all of your basic needs, all while everybody else in the  game is trying to take you out. All right, you each have 15 seconds to place another ball. Natalie drops. Michele drops hers. -Sarah drops. She's out. -[grunts] we're down to two. They are side by side. It is Natalie and Michele, both with four balls. One of them is guaranteed a spot at the final tribal council. Five balls is the most we have ever done in this challenge. You are at four. Cannot lose your concentration. Both women zoned in. Michele very steady. Nice save by Natalie. All right, you each have 15 seconds to place your fifth ball. We're live during this transition. Ten seconds left. Michele drops hers. Natalie drops. Both women have all five balls in motion now. The most we've ever done in this challenge. The pace is very fast now. One mistake and it's over. Nice save by Natalie. Pacing of your balls is so critical right now, how fast they  kick out of that chute. Natalie again with a nice bobble and save. Michele with a really nice pace. Natalie with another save. Never has to be pretty on Survivor. -[shouts] -oh, my God! -Michele drops! -did I win?! [shouts] -it's over! -Natalie has won individual immunity... -oh, my God! -oh, my God. -...and has come all the way back from being voted out on day  two and is back now at the final tribal council. -wow. -[Natalie pants] [sputters] Natalie, come on over. Jeff, this doesn't seem real right now. It's real. Individual immunity is yours. You are guaranteed a spot at the final three. -[Natalie exclaims] -you're in charge of what happens for the  rest of the night as well. You're gonna take one person and sit them next to you and force  two people to make fire. All right, grab your stuff, head back to camp. -see you tonight at tribal council. -thanks, Jeff. Congrats. Tony: Today was the biggest immunity challenge of the season. I could've tied a record, which is five immunity challenge wins. All I do is catch the ball, put it back, catch the ball, put it  back, and I would've been in good shape. I lost focus for a second, and just like that, my game is in the  fate of fire. Natalie: I’m so excited. I'm proud of myself that I never stopped trying to give it my  best shot. Tony: Oh, so this is the knife, huh? -Sarah: Yes. -Natalie: But before the sun sets, I have the biggest decision  of my life. Yeah, absolutely. -against each other. -i know. Tony: So I’m pretty certain that Natalie's gonna throw Sarah  under the bus and make me go against the other cop. Damn, Sarah, that's how our story ends? -cops-r-us, man? We-we kill each other? -no, it's not. It's not. W-we don't know that yet. What is the other strategy? This? I don't like that way. Tony: That's how you do it. -Sarah: Why? -y-you're hitting it too straight on. Straighten up the knife a little bit. Yeah, like that. -this way? -yeah, not that much, but you know. You're breaking the flint, Sarah. You got to be careful. Right? That is right. I'm not even gonna practice if you go up against me. 'Cause you suck. Now, how do we get you up? How did you do that? I'm gonna have a hard time, man. Michele: You go, girl. Not bad. Natalie: Tony's the biggest threat in the game, and getting him  out would be ideal. So there's two options: Michele and Sarah. The reason I wouldn't want Sarah beating Tony is that gives her  this really strong story at the end. So option one then is Michele and Tony go to fire. For me, my goal is to be able to make Tony look as less  desirable as a winner as possible. Obviously, you don't want to go to fire, but if Sarah wins, that  gives her cred to beat me in the end. Michele: I would love to win the fire-making challenge. It's a really good endcap. It's just a really risky way to end the game. But it's times like this when, honestly, my strengths have come  out. Tony: So I was watching Michele. She's striking it. She's like... [imitates clicking] flame. So I’m a little concerned about that. Doing it quicker than that? -yeah. -how are you doing it? I'm not telling you, just in case we go up together. Good job, mich. -how's Michele doing up there? -she's doing good. -oh, she is? -yeah. -she making fire? -yeah. -she is? -yeah. Tony: I literally sat there and watched Michele scrape it once  or twice, the magnesium, and she was good. -damn, I need to get good at this, man. -i know, t. Sarah: We're just grinding all afternoon, because you have no  choice but to grind at this point. I hope she picks me. I want to step up to the plate. I'm not scared. Pick me. Wow. Now I’m paNicking, man. Sarah: Tony's not in the right headspace to make fire. Maybe he can get there, but if he doesn't get there, I’m gonna  beat him in fire. Tony: I wish I could have the easy route, but I always take the  hard route. [sighs]: Ah, man. That's what I do, man. I grind. I work hard, I’m gonna practice hard, I’m gonna try to perform  hard. Tonight's gonna be put up or shut up. Fire! I'm either gonna win this game or I’m gonna lose trying. It all boils down to this. Natalie: Tonight, I’m sitting in the front seat, after  being in the back seat all this time, getting voted off first. I would rather be in this position than having somebody else  dictate what's gonna happen with my fate on the game. I have all the power and the biggest and last decision of the  game. Now bring in the members of our jury. All right, so let's get into it. Sophie is not with us tonight. Sophie's not feeling well, so she can't attend tonight's tribal,  -but you guys will fill her in... -yeah, for sure. ...in as unbiased a way as possible. -of course. -all right. Natalie, the final immunity challenge, you pull it out. Go back to that moment, when you think about day two, you're the  first person sent to the Edge of Extinction, all alone, to this moment, where  you are in the final three, one of the most improbable things that you could  ever imagine on Survivor. Natalie: It's crazy. Felt like a dream, but I think it was the only thing that kept  me going at extinction was telling myself that I would get this shot to  battle back, and then you putting this necklace on me was the most amazing  feeling i've had so far. Hard work pays off. So, Michele, what was the afternoon like? I'm guessing everybody wanted a chance to talk to Natalie. Well, Natalie actually came back to camp and said that she  should allow us to converse and she wanted some time alone to contemplate her  decision. And since then, I didn't eat, I didn't take a sip of my water. I practiced fire from the moment that I got back. Probst: Tony, do you spend much time thinking about who you want  to go up against or do you spend more time thinking, "i just need to be  the best, that's it"? I just come here and give it my best. That's all I do. I play as hard as I can, uh, nonstop, hoping that my best is  good enough to win in the end. So you don't care who you go up against in fire? -right now? No. -how about you, Sarah? Do you have a preference? Sarah: If I’m making fire, it's gonna be against Tony. And I don't think I would truly want to make fire against anyone  else. Why? [voice breaking]: I mean, I love this guy and... Oh. Stop, stop, man. -relax. -he's my partner. And, uh... If we're gonna get shot, i'd rather us shoot each  other than have someone else shoot at us, so... Wait, you want to shoot me  now? -yeah. -[Tony chuckles] probst: How about you, Michele? Is there a preference? If I had to make fire, I would want to make it against Tony,  because I think that he stands the best shot of winning this game right now. And, Natalie, that's the dilemma you have is: Do you put  yourself in that spot and say, "i'm gonna just do it," or,  "whose the best person to try to get rid of who I think might be my  biggest target?" Natalie: Exactly. And I would love to battle Tony, send him home and sit here  tomorrow... Well, what's stopping you? Um, be-- I have to be brutally honest with myself and ask  myself, "do I feel 100% confidence in beating him?" at this point,  I feel like, when I won the challenge today and you put this immunity  necklace around my neck, I knew that I had done enough and felt satisfied to  leave the fire-making to somebody else tonight. Probst: All right, so let's get to it, Natalie. You have one decision to make. Who are you going to bring with you to the end? And the two you leave behind will move right over here and  showdown in fire. The person I’m bringing with me tonight is gonna be Michele. She's gonna be sitting at the final three with me. -surprise, surprise. -like I said, until last minute, it wasn't. But I want to see the end of this alliance. I think that Michele and I worked the last couple of days really  hard. -and we took apart the foursome... -[coughing] -...one by one. -sorry. -and this'll be the last showdown. -[Sarah coughing] and I’m hoping that this girl is sitting with  me at the end. Probst: So let's set the stage. Natalie, you're in the final three. -yeah. -you are bringing Michele with you. You are going to force Sarah and Tony to battle it out for that  final spot in a fire-making showdown. Tony, you'll take this spot in red. Sarah will take blue. -all right, Tony, Sarah, are you ready? -yeah. Good luck. This could be a $2 million fire. Finally gonna have to say I’m better than you. Yeah, it's all right. Here we go. Begin. You both have the same supplies. What you do with them is what matters. Out of the gate, two different approaches. Tony scraping magnesium. Sarah building a little nest. Probst: Tony going for a spark. A little flame. Got to get it to take. He's got magnesium in that husk. Trying to get it to catch. Sarah now scraping magnesium. Sarah has a little bit of flame. It goes out. Tony has a little bit of flame. Can he keep it going? [blowing] key is, once you get it, to nurture it so it doesn't  go out. Tony's trying to keep his going. Blowing ever so gently. Sarah not paNicking. Sarah has another baby flame. Yep. Yep. Yep. Sarah's flame is going now. Tony's is going. Sarah's trying to keep hers going. Oh, my God. Probst: Both very close with about the same amount of flame. Now it's gonna come down to who can build a fire high enough to  burn through that rope. Both doing a nice job. You only have so much husk, which is why it's so critical when  you use it. Sarah's flame is now in the lead. Sarah's using all of her coconut husk. Oh. Oh. Probst: Trying to burn through that rope. Oh, .... Probst: Tony's flame starting to diminish. Now Sarah's is back diminishing again. Add some sticks. Probst: Tony building a giant structure for a bonfire. [quiet murmuring] all that matters is burning through that rope,  and now it's Tony back in the lead. This has been back and forth, -one of the best fire-making  challenges we have ever had. -[others murmuring] probst: Sarah's flame is back now. Wow. Probst: Tony's flame is burning strong. It's starting to burn through that rope now. Probst: Sarah's flame burning very strong, starting to burn  through that rope. Tony's flame is really strong right now. It is a showdown. -yeah! -[whooping] -probst: And it is over. Tony defeats Sarah. He'll take the third and final spot at the final tribal council. What a showdown between competitors. Cops-r-us. Sarah: Oh, my God, you won. I love you. Hey. Hey. Hey. We did-- hey. -you don't have to be sorry for anything. -sorry. -hey, listen. -i got you. I know. I want you to enjoy that breakfast tomorrow. -all right? -yeah. Hey. Hey. Enjoy this. -you got one more day and you're done. -shh. Shh. One more. Tony: I’m so sorry, man. Sarah: Don't apologize to me. I'm not going to say sorry for it. -i love you. -i love you. Thanks. Probst: So, Sarah, how does that feel right now knowing that the  quest for the two million and the title is over, by a few sticks? Sarah: [sighs] um... [clears throat] I mean, it's... It's okay. And when you hear people say that, it doesn't mean they're  giving up. It means that... They got something valuable out of this  experience. And [sniffles] if I was gonna go out of this game, that's how I wanted  to go out. And if I wanted someone to take me out, that's who I wanted to  take me out. And if someone was gonna take him out, I wanted it to be me. And, um... Tony is more than deserving to be sitting in the  final three, and... I wish I could be there with him. You know? We talked about this for the last 38 days. Um, it's not gonna happen, but it's okay. And he can still finish what he set out to accomplish, and I know  he's gonna do it, and so I’m fine. Probst: All right, Sarah, this season is over for you. Need to bring me your torch. lacina, the tribe has spoken. -time for you to go. -thanks. It was a pleasure. Tony... -[sniffles] -i love you. Crush it tomorrow, all right? Eat some food for me. I'll be eating it for you tonight. [howls] [sniffles] probst: Okay. Natalie, Tony, Michele. You had three different journeys to get here, but you did it. You made it to the final three of our 40th season. Tomorrow night, you will face the jury, people you voted out of  this game, people who understand what it takes to get to this spot. They're gonna have a lot of questions. Tomorrow, somebody, one of the three of you, is gonna show up  and seize the title of sole Survivor and the $2 million prize. One last night of sleep in fiji. Try to make it a good one. See you tomorrow. Grab your torches, head back to camp. Good night. Tony's my partner in crime for life. If I’m gonna have to end mySurvivor career, how else would I want  to end it than like this? I'm emotional right now, but because I’m happy. I'm happy of the way that I played. I'm happy of the experiences thatSurvivor's given me, the  friendships they've given me. I don't have any regrets, and I wouldn't have wanted it any  other way. [howls] [both howl] Natalie: You got some news for us? -you got something! We can see it! -what's in there? -ah! -[squeals] yes! All right, guys. You ready for this? -yes. -all right, here we go. "congratulations! "you have made it to the final three. -[whoops] -"follow the trail "behind your camp for  your well-earned day 39 Survivorbreakfast." yes! We made it! -food. Let's go. -congratulations, guys, man. -dirty jersey! -congratulations. -congratulations. -yay. Michele: My last season, I achieved the ultimate accomplishment  by winning Survivor. -[whoops] -absolutely. [whoops] -let's go! Michele: But I got so much feedback from the public and from my  fellow contestants that maybe I wasn't the most deserving person. It took something that was my biggest accomplishment and made it  into one of my toughest moments in my life. -i don't even know where to start. -yay! -Tony: Is that champagne? -Michele: Mm-hmm. But, every single day out here, I proved to myself that I think  I am one of the very, very best in this game. -ooh! What? -[yelps] Michele: I've been on the bottom, constantly having to  fight my way out of it. And now, here I am again, in the final three, and I feel like  this has closed a wound that has been open for me for a while. And I will go in tonight and make sure that I do my darnedest to  win. May the best man or woman win. -congratulations, guys. Cheers. -cheers. Natalie: Even though I have a very nontraditional path to the  final three, I took the hand I was dealt and said, "you know what? "i'm gonna play the best damn extinction game I can."  bacon! Oh, my God. Okay, so I’m gonna do a fried egg. I can't wait. I knew that I had the grit, that I had the strength and the  willpower to do what it takes. I never gave up, and I was relentless in my effort to come back  into the game. Oh, look at that. Look at-- oh! Natalie: The most important thing I have to get across to the  jury is to prove to the people that don't believe in me I was able to duke it  out with the best of the best and I came out on top. So I’m going to be confident, be proud, and prove that I deserve  this $2 million. -Tony: Are you guys excited for tonight? -Natalie/Michele: Yeah. -what a journey, huh? -Natalie/Michele: Yeah. Tony: This is an opportunity to win a second time and prove that  I’m one of the greatest players to ever play this game. Everybody has their own specialty and what they're focused on--  they're good at challenges, they're good at the social game, they're good at  the strategic game. But, me, I do a little of everything. And that's what it takes to be a great player. You have to be good at everything Survivorhas to throw your way. Last day on Survivor island. You got to just take it all in, right? These are all winners. These are the best of the best. And these jurors-- I had a big part of ruining their chances of  winning $2 million to better their families. So I know the pain that they're feeling. The wounds are deep, and I know they're real. So this is gonna be the hardest task of all, to try to convince  them that I deserve the title of sole Survivor. But I’m pretty confident in how I played my game. So, we always had a queen of Survivor for many, many years,  which was Sandra. We never had a king ofSurvivor. Now I’m hoping that I can take it home and be the king. [thunder rumbling]  probst: All right. Natalie, Tony, Michele, let's get to your final tribal council. It is only fitting that this war would come to an end under a  torrential downpour. You guys have had a lot to deal with this year: 20 winners; the  introduction of a fire token, which birthed a Survivoreconomy, complete with  a supply and demand of advantages; and Edge of Extinction, which is playing  out tonight. Natalie earned her way back into this game. Your final battle is against each other, and it is to persuade  this jury that you are the most deserving of the title of sole Survivor and  the record-setting $2 million prize that comes with it. All right, let's get started with the outwit portion of the  game. This is the social part of the game-- the alliances,  relationships. You guys have talked a lot about previous friendships, how that  might have factored in, morality and ethics, if that was important to you. Who wants to get us going? Yul: All right. Getting a little stage fright, Jeff, but here goes. Wait a minute. -[others chuckling] -you've been on Survivortwice, -and you have  stage fright? -i mean, you know, I’m just feeling, kind of, pressure, but...  -go for it, Yul. Do it, Yul. -all right, good. All right, ready? -Parvati: You can do it, Yul. -Yul: Can we go? All right. -Yul, get us started. -[Danni laughs] -cool. All right. Before we jump in with questions, I just really want to offer  you huge kudos and congratulate you guys for playing a-a great game and  getting to the end. I mean, all of you took a completely unique path, encountering  different obstacles. So, tonight, what we really need is for you to fill in the  missing blanks so that we have a coherent narrative of how you outwitted all  of us to be sitting where you are right now. And, on behalf of all of us, I wish you the best of luck. So much for stage fright. -[laughter] -right. Denise: Jeff, i'll start. All right. Denise. Denise: What I’m curious to know is: What areas would you  identify as missteps or missed opportunities related to the social aspect  that you need to play in the game? -Natalie. -Natalie: Okay. I think my misstep was definitely my day one. I think I relied on my outplay and my strength for people to see  me as an asset to their tribe, and I did not go to people and say, "hey,  like, I want to kind of get to know you." and it was a missed  opportunity on my part, not reaching out more that day one. And that obviously led me to getting voted off. -how 'bout you, Michele? -Michele: Well, I had a lot of really great one-on-one  alliances. I found the people who kept me safe and kept my name out of the  votes and people who I really relied on. And that's great. But if you don't have something bigger than that, you're just  two people. And that's why I always felt like I was kind of on the bottom,  because this is a numbers game and I needed numbers. Also, some of my preexisting relationships put a target on my  back. Yes, I had a relationship with Wendell, but, when you get on the  beach, you never know what's gonna stick and what's not and how that's  actually gonna play out. I don't think any of us can say that this game went as we  expected. -probst: Tony. -Tony: Uh, y-you know what? My first season, I wasn't as open and vulnerable to people. Um, soon as I hit the beach, I was strategy and strategy. But the missed opportunities this season, I don't think I had  any. I think I talked to every single one of you guys. I-i was vulnerable to you guys. I opened up to every single one of youse. And that's what determined which way I was gonna go into the  game, by knowing you guys from the inside out. Nick: Is that okay, to just do whatever you got to do to build a  bond, just so that we won't write your name down, and then, no matter what  you have to do to get us out, -it's worth it? -but-but, Nick, I found out you were trying to blindside me. So the bonds you and I shared was 100% real. I wanted to go to the end with you, but you didn't want to go  with me. -so what about me? -same thing with you, Jeremy. Um, i-i live a very boring and simple life. I don't, I don't travel nowhere. I don't go to fine dining. Sports-- I don't know nothing about. But the one thing we got close with is family bonds. We had a lot of vulnerable moments together. That's all real. I respect you as a man. I respect you as a fireman. I respect you as a father. Can I say something? I'm standing up for Jeremy to say that Tony's response to Jeremy,  I think, is completely false. Don't say I didn't care. Don't say about caring, all right? 'Cause me and him shared a lot of intimate moments together, and  that was real. As far as gameplay, I did work with you as far as I could. But I couldn't go any further with you 'cause I was scared of  you. I can attest for Tony's loyalty. I found an idol while Tony was sitting right next to me, and he  called me out on it. And from that day forward, he told me that he had my back. But you're saying you're-- you could attest to his loyalty, but  we can't. He voted us out. Adam: Um, Natalie, on the edge, one job is to set yourself up to  be able to get back in the game and to be able to maybe have an advantage in  the game if you do get back in the game. There's no denying that you absolutely crushed -that part of the  edge game. -[chuckles] -Natalie: Yeah. -all you have to do besides that is win jury votes and make  people want you to win this game. Natalie: So, when I came to Koru, my first line of defense was  paint Tony as the biggest threat and make it seem like I was the outcast at  extinction. It was my play to paint the picture of extinction to be whatever  it was. -rob: Natalie, if that is the case... -yeah. ...and you did go back and say that strategically, that's really  smart. -and I understand that. -yeah. Okay. But for the week leading up -before the battle-back... -yeah. ...why did you completely isolate myself, Amber, Ethan, Yul, Wendell? All of those people are still here on the jury. There were two things that I found before I left that week-- it  was the extortion I sent to Tony and the advantage I sent to Nick. Those two things did create a rift in my relationship with  everybody there because it was for the first time I was doing something super  secretive, and it meant such a big deal to me that I didn't know if I wanted  to tell people. And, also, when I’m focused on something like the challenge,  which I was so nervous about, I needed to breathe and separate. But whatever it did, it worked for me. And that's the real me. Like, I know that I am a strong personality and it's not  everybody's cup of tea. But I was 100% real with you from the start, and I did feel like  I got to know you. And that's something I appreciate about you, Natalie, is that  you don't put on an act. You were always really honest with people, even if it pissed  them off, even if they didn't like it, and you were out for number one really  unapologetically. I want to hear from Tony. We're hearing stories from people that you blindsided and voted  off, and none of them feel burned by you. -rob: You weren't even targeted. -Parvati: Yeah. Rob: We're fascinated. -we want to know: How did you do it? -Tony: All right. Um... [chuckles] my-my first season, I built a spy shack. The second season, I built a spy bunker. [laughs]: This season-- Adam, you're gonna love this, man. -spy nest? -Tony: Yes, man. I used to climb up there and listen to who wanted to blindside  me. I used to have a bird's-eye view -looking down and looking at  them. -[laughter] and at one point, I was up there for, like, a half  hour, and I’m holding on a twig and-and I’m shaking. And I almost fell out of the spy nest. That-that's how I knew a lot of the things that I did know,  which helped me, and that was strategic part of it, and the game-- let the  game evolve as it's gonna evolve. Wendell: So, Tony, you made it to the end without seeing any  votes against you. Great job. Um, Natalie, you did play a great edge game. Michele, you're sitting here at the end. You played a different game than the two of them. Can you just speak to the outwit in your game? Michele: Sure, yeah. So, I got left out of a lot of votes, so I kept having to pick  myself up. I reintegrated. I always put a smile on my face, and it kept the target off me a  lot of the time. I found cracks. I moved within those cracks. And, you know, I think I played a really adaptable and flexible  game. You know, Tony had these great alliances, and they helped him. I didn't really have anyone helping me at the end. It was me, alone, when everybody was telling me that I was gonna  be the next to go. So, to be on the bottom for that long, it's pretty amazing that  I find myself sitting here despite all my challenges. Ben: Yeah. You know, as a fellow controversial winner, I realize why you  won your season. And you did a heck of a job this year, and you should be very  proud of what you've done. Thank you, Ben. All right, you guys good to move into the outplay portion? Yeah. Probst: Who wants to get us going? You guys had a lot to deal with this season in terms of twists,  the fire token, Edge of Extinction advantages coming into the game. Any questions in that part of the game for these three? I have a question. -Natalie. -yeah. Can you please share with us all the things that you found, won  or sent into the game? Okay. So, if the social part is one of my weaker parts of the game,  this is definitely one of the strengths. The first one I found was the idol that I sold to Sandra. The second one was the advantage to be able to leave tribal  council without voting. -safety without power. -safety without power. And I sold it to Jeremy. The third one was the one I sold to Sarah. She had to sneak onto the opposite tribe's beach and steal an  advantage to have the extra vote. Four was... Oh. I extorted Tony for six fire tokens. The fifth one was the Nick advantage where he could disadvantage  somebody else. The other two things that everybody else got an option to do was  the log challenge and the coconut challenge. Those two were the hardest challenges i've ever had to do. Nonstop grinding for one freaking fire token. I was exhausted and broken after both. For me, it was really cool to be sitting at tribal council, watching  the advantages and disadvantages I sent over, kind of being a part of the  game without actually physically being on the island. It was my way of playing Survivorout on the edge, hoping if I got  back in, the things that I would do would shape the people sitting here. Ben: Winning an immunity challenge is a very important part of  the game. The challenges is how you are guaranteed to stay. Tony, you won four challenges this year, one short of tying the  record. Michele, you won two this year. Can you guys talk about the will and the drive you guys had to  pull off those necklaces? I wanted to make sure you guys knew that I participated in the  challenge, so I gave it my all to win that necklace. And when I won it, I was like, "wow, I couldwin  challenges." and that's when I went to win the next two. I shouldn't even have let you get that, man. -[Tony chuckles] -that was mine. I should've let you -sit out of it. -Michele: I-i will say, like, winning those immunity challenges  at clutch times, that gives you maybe a day in this game. But a day changes everything. Things shift so fast that I knew that if I could hold out one  more day that that could change everything, and it did. Things changed majorly in my game because of my immunity wins. Rob: I have a question for Natalie. When it got down to four... -yeah. -...and the fire-making challenge was upon you, you had a  critical decision to make. You want to take out Tony because everybody on the edge said  they thought Tony was playing the best game. And you had that opportunity to do it right there and step up. How come you didn't face him right there in the moment? When I won that immunity necklace, I felt, like, complete in  that moment. But I knew, at the same time, that sitting next to Tony was the  least optimal position I want to be in tonight. But, also, part of me wanted to see this alliance of four turn  to three turn to two. Basically, I wanted to finish them off, the whole alliance, with  them going at it at fire. At the end of the day, I was able to completely pull apart the  alliance. It was what I chose to do, and I’m at peace with my decision  that night. Ethan: Tony, Michele, uh, like, what are your general thoughts  on the twist, the edge? How do you feel that factored into your game? [chuckles]: The edge, it's awesome for the people that were  getting advantages a-and tokens. But the only thing that came from the edge for me was a  disadvantage. When I first read that thing, I was so excited. I was like, "i get to extort somebody." I was so  happy, and then it says, "this is being played against you," and I started  crying. -[laughter] -it was, like, instant. I had two things. I had a disadvantage, and I had Natalie coming back, saying,  "hey, guys, "you got to get rid of Tony, 'cause everybody say he's  gonna win." and I was like, "guys, please don't listen to her. -please don't listen. She's lying." -Natalie: Well, we had... -Tony: "she's  lying. She wants to break us." -[chuckles] -Natalie: We had the...  -so, that-that's the two things that I had going for me for the edge. Michele: For me, I always viewed the edge as an advantage. It either, "a," gave me an opportunity to go back in  the game, or, "b," I knew that all of my friends who were on the  edge could give me advantages or could come back in the game and ultimately  be somebody who helps me. So, everything great that happened in my game came from the  edge. When you guys willed me your fire tokens and allowed me to buy  advantages, it gave me strength in this game. I needed that to carry me through. And then Natalie coming back in was like, "oh, my gosh. I-i have a chance." so, for me, that was a complete  opportunity. And we worked through this game, and that was the tightest  alliance I had at the end. Probst: All right. Let's move into the last phase. Only one of you is going to outlast the other two. This is your last chance to address this jury. You've heard everything they're curious about. Is there anything left unsaid to make sure you got it? Natalie, go first. [exhales] so, my journey on Survivorwas a hand that I did not  know I was gonna be dealt. And I think on Survivor, half the battle is being able to adapt  and move on. And when I came back in, all I wanted to do was focus on taking  apart the alliance that seemed like they were unbreakable, interjecting  myself in there and do what seemed impossible, which was make it all the way  to the end after getting voted out freaking first. I had the biggest target on my back after chris came in last  year and made it to the final three. Everybody said, "it's not gonna happen this time around. "you got back into the game, and you made it to the end. You basically have to play a perfect game." and, so, I’m really  proud of my game. I'm really excited to be here. And i... I... Yeah. I'm really... I'm really excited and proud, and that's it. [chuckles] Michele. Uh, so, my first season was a lot different. I only went to six tribal councils. That was a big question mark for me. Did I actually deserve that win? On this season, I went to 15 out of 19 tribal councils,  vulnerable through most of them, my name on the block for a lot of them. And I worked a lot harder in this season to get to the end. I'm pretty proud of the way that I played this game. I think I played with integrity. I think I made a-a lot of great relationships. I had advantages. I had fire tokens. So, I did play the best game that I could possibly play for the  person who I am. I'm not a beast in challenges, you know, and I can't build spy  shacks; it's not in my wheelhouse. I'm pretty straightforward and simple. I played that game, and I can look myself in the mirror at the  end of the day, win or lose, and be proud of that. Probst: Tony. All right. Me, I came into this game a totally different person. I came as a human being. I came as Tony. I didn't come as the player that you guys all seen on cagayan. From day one to day 38, I played Survivortwice, once during the  day and once at night. Every single night, I was out there looking for idols because I couldn't  do it during the day. I didn't want no target on my back. I told everybody, "don't worry about it." I’m awake,  so i'll feed the fire so they can sleep. I gridded the whole jungle looking for the idols. It took me 26 days to find one. Um, the spy nest was very helpful with my surveillance. Everything I did, I kept the target off my back. I was leading votes without people knowing I was leading votes. Natalie came in from extinction. She told everybody, "get rid of Tony. Tony's got to go. He's a big threat to win." uh, she was pushing the buttons,  and I still managed a way to-to escape that. Nobody ever put my name down this game. It was a tough battle throughout. I know it's a big, huge, super bowl season of Survivor, and I tried  my best to be a-a great player for this season. And I hope you guys could appreciate the hard work I put into it  to get to where I am tonight. Danni: I think all three of you guys have had incredible  journeys. All different games. But, honestly, in my eyes, all three of you guys have been  incredible, and that means a lot to us as being winners along with you. -yep. Agreed. -she speaks for all of us. We have huge respect for each and every journey that got you  here. Adam: You guys should all be incredibly proud -of yourselves for  making it there. -yeah. Something none of us could do. And tonight, each and every one of you has fought up here, and  it's making all of our decisions... -awful. -really tough. -...immensely difficult. -really, really hard. Rob: Because even though some of us may have come in with some  ideas of what we're gonna do, tonight, you guys have all showed why each and  every one of you deserve to be up there. -yay! Good job! -yeah! Parvati: So proud of you! You guys deserve this. Probst: Okay. Well, you guys have played this game at a relentless pace, and  there is only one thing left to do: Declare a victor of this war. And that is in your hands. Jury, I’m gonna give you a moment, and then we will vote. &gt;&gt; probst: All right, it is time to bring the 40th season  of "Survivor" to a close. Jury, it's time to vote. Amber, you're up. &gt;&gt; oh, man.  &gt;&gt; you're right, I said if you got back, you  had to play perfect. You almost did. You should have taken this guy out. &gt;&gt; this is so hard. &gt;&gt; this is the second time that I’m writing your name down  in a game, the first time I wrote it down to vote you out, and now I am  voting for you to win. I'm so proud of you. And what you have accomplished. So you're awesome.    &gt;&gt; I know how hard it is to be  just on the outs the whole time.  &gt;&gt; probst: I'll go get the   &gt;&gt;  probst: I'll go get the votes. &gt;&gt; probst: Natalie, Tony, Michele, jury, I will see you  back in los angeles for the reading of the votes.    &gt;&gt; probst: All right, I have the  votes. We have the final three, Michele, Tony, Natalie. Congratulations on a great season. And I’m sorry we can't be together. But I do want to say this: Regardless what comes from this vote,  I hope you will always remember you outlasted 17 of the best to play this  game. So win or lose, I hope you will always celebrate that. So let's get to. And if you have family that are on the corners, bring them in. They should be a part of this. Bring them into the frame. &gt;&gt; come on over here. &gt;&gt; probst: There's Tony's family. Tony, you've got Michele's sister. Slide over, Natalie. A little more Natalie. There we go. Natalie's boyfriend. Let's put up some music, joe. Because here's the truth-- &gt;&gt; oh, my God! &gt;&gt; probst: Two of you are going to lose. That's why it's so valuable and so important when you win. It means so much. One of you is going to earn $2 million and become only the  second two-time winner in the history of "Survivor." for the first  time ever, i'll read the votes from my garage. &gt;&gt; oh, my God! &gt;&gt; probst: Here we go. First vote, Tony. Natalie. One vote Tony, one vote Natalie. Natalie. Two votes Natalie, one vote Tony. Tied again. Two votes Tony, two votes Natalie. Natalie. Three votes Natalie, two votes Tony. Tied again. Three votes Tony, three votes Natalie. Natalie. Four votes Natalie, three votes Tony. We're tied again. Four votes Tony, four votes Natalie. Tony. That's five votes Tony, four votes Natalie. Tony. That's six votes Tony, four votes Natalie. Seven votes Tony, four votes Natalie. Eight votes Tony, four votes Natalie. The winner of "Survivor: Winners at War", Tony! Congratulations, Tony! There's our winner, and that is the truth of "Survivor."  you have the agony of defeat, and you have the beautiful win. Let's see that family big up there on the screen. Team Tony with his wife, two kids. It's so hard to say goodbye to Michele and Natalie. Let's see how everybody voted. You can see there were two camps. Natalie had four people with her, including Jeremy, who was late  to "the edge." and everybody else was for Tony. And despite playing their hearts out, this was a dominant win, Tony. Kids, if I could just talk to your dad a minute. Request the little bit of time we have, Tony, how much does the  $2 million change your life? We just have a few seconds. &gt;&gt; Jeff, it's life changingsing, on in the world, you see  how financial security is so important. With this money I’m going to make sure I secure my family and be  financially secure for the rest of my life. &gt;&gt; probst: Tony, I’m sorry it was so short. It was an epic finale. You were a great winner, a great representative of our show. &gt;&gt; thank you,. &gt;&gt; probst: I feel like such a rude host. Here's the $2 million check. Let's talk about our 41st season, because normally we show you a  cool promo. For obvious reasons we haven't been able to shoot, but, man, we  have fun ideas. We're always trying to explore and evolve the show and take  chances and we're going to do that and we're committed to being on the fall  for our 41st season, which means you should apply, feps you're young-- I’m talking  teenagers, 6, 17, 18, 19. Do it. Cool parents and a cool school, who knows it could. You can bid on props for this season, proceeds go to stand up to  cancer, and feed america. On behalf of our entire crew, 400 people, 25 countries, we love  our jobs. We're going to come to you with more "Survivor." thank  you, good night, stay safe. Captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org