<br/>Amber: Waking up this morning was a little bit surreal. Realizing I’m not back at the other camp anymore. But if there was no Edge of Extinction, i'd probably be super  depressed. I did not come all the way out here and leave four kids behind  to be out of the game this early on. But I’m not done. There's still a possibility for me to get back in. There's still a possibility for me to possibly help my husband,  who is still in the game. So I got to keep my head there. The game is still going for me. [buzzing] [reading along]: Well, my first reaction is: This  is not a good thing. I just got a fire token. I have a lot of thoughts going through my head, but the most  obvious is: They took my wife out of the game first. Just the thought of Amber being on the Edge of Extinction, it  kills me. It was really, really, really hard for us to leave the kids. I know that that's weighing on her. So, if she was taken out first, that makes it even harder. Parvati: Yeah? -i got a fire token. -you did? Yeah. -from...? -i don't know. -[gasps] -i know. -oh, no. -but I don't know for sure. Maybe it was Sandra. You think she would give it to you? She probably would. -maybe. -who else would she give it to? Rob: I do have other friends over there. It could have been Sandra. We just spent the entire season of 39 together. But I don't know if I can trust Sandra. And if she voted my wife out, this is war. It kind of sucks, but... -yeah. Yeah, yeah. -[laughs] i'll be buying tarps in no time. -yeah, right? -[laughs]  Ben: Oh, yeah. -mm-hmm. -right? Ben: The last time I played, it was all about winning immunity  and finding idols. But this time, I want to work on my relationships. 'Cause going through life alone sucks. Going through Survivoralone sucks even worse, right? Right, exactly. Ben: To win this game a second time, I need to work on my social  game. And teaching people how to find idols is a good way to do that. you found it? Oh, baby. Oh, baby. Oh, baby. Oh, baby. -oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. -all right. -come on, come on. -okay. Okay. Denise: Holy crab cakes. I just found an idol. I have never been so giddy. And without Ben, I would not have found this idol. Oh, my God. -oh, my God. -okay. Okay. Denise: We open it up, and it's two. So now I have to figure out who I want to give the other half  to. It has no power without giving the other half away. -well, exactly right. -okay. Oh, my God. Okay. Denise: I thought Ben might try and convince me to give it to  him, but he didn't. And that makes me feel like he's somebody I can trust. Okay. From minute one, i've been with Adam. He is incredibly smart. Like, he knows this game. So, maybe we can find some allies to pull in with us. Oh, my gosh. No, you did not. -oh, my-- thank you so much for trusting me. -see? But... Right. Adam: The good news is: Denise has found the hidden immunity  idol. The bad news is: Ben knows. That sucks because Ben is a wild card. What? And I have to give... No. No, no, no. I have it. But here's the deal... My God, I think that's a terrible idea. What do you mean you want to give it to parv? One of the best players that has ever played this game. Are you serious? She could know that you have it and vote you out. -that's true. -does parv trust you more than anybody else? -no. No. -is she gonna keep that secret? -not a chance in hell. -no. No. Okay. If we do this, we are solid. -hundred thousand percent. -we are solid. Yeah, we are. We are, we are. Adam: Luckily, I’m able to convince Denise that it makes way  more sense to give me the other half of the idol. Denise: I trust that you're gonna give it back. Adam: I mean, this is huge for me. But the idea of playing this game with Ben makes me a little  nervous. Yul: I've been trying to get some breadfruit for the last  few days, and, unfortunately, it has not been going very well. But I’m determined not to give up, even though I’m probably  losing a lot more calories than I hope to gain from this. I got this big bamboo stick and I tied a rope around it. So, hopefully, it will act as kind of like a wire coat hanger I can  try to loop in and pull it down. Uh... Still smallish. But at least I know the technique works. -good job. -thanks. Kim: So far this season, it's been a really different experience  for me. I am not used to playing on the bottom. It's a weird feeling, but I also know this is not the end of the  game and that there is an upward trajectory for me if I can figure out where  to get my footing. I'm just treading carefully. I don't want to put the target on my back. But I feel like the idol would be a really important thing for  me to have. It is funny, the more you're on the bottom, the more you have to  try to claw your way to the top. And the more you do that, the more you're putting a target on  your back; therefore, you're more on the bottom. I have to be careful and I just wait for a moment of peace, then  listen to the voice that tells you when to go right, when to go left-- that's  what I do when I’m idol hunting. And I just try to get a vibe for, like, which tree to go to. It's how I found mine the first season. It's a prayer of sorts, you know? Like, if this is meant to be, then send me an idol. [sighs] oh, shoot. When I found it, it was such a surreal moment. I definitely don't want to be caught with it. Tony: Hey! You all right, Kim? Kim: Two people walked up-- Tony and Nick. Two people I completely don't trust. Kim: I think they thought I was looking for an idol. But I don't think that they thought I had found it. -oh. -i'm just collecting. It's not your typical immunity idol. I have to give part of it to someone else. I've always felt Sophie and I would work well together. And I go with the people that I have a good feeling about. Are you about to show me what I think you're about to show me? -yeah, I am. -and I think Sophie's in a really good spot in the tribe right  now. Mm-hmm. It's a legitimate immunity idol, but it's unique, because both  halves are identical. You have to give one to another player before sundown. -it only works if you put it together. -that's when I came back and I was like, "i need to talk to  you." Sophie: I was in shock. Kim should be telling Tyson about her idol. I am the last person Kim should be telling about her idol. This idol has power when paired. So you'll have half, and i'll have half. I'm gonna leave mine here. Do you want me just to leave yours here, too, right now? Sophie: I see Kim as somebody who's super aware. She's, like, the most socially adept person out here. I think the problem for Kim is, like, everybody knows that's  what let her win the last season. So I think even if she is, like, the nicest texan in the world,  everybody's gonna see that as a threat. So she shouldn't be telling the devil who has never worked with  her yet in this game about an idol. If I were Kim, i'd be worried that, by telling me about the  idol, she could be next on the chopping block. what? Okay. Amber: "when you reflect back on all you've accomplished  living on the edge..." -great. -what? It means there's something out there that we haven't noticed. Natalie: Oh. -that's what it means? -mm-hmm. Immediately, I’m pretending like I have no idea what it can be. You know, basically sell it across the seas to... We're  bartering back and forth. Amber: The clue definitely wasn't an obvious clue. It's gonna take some mind work, reading it over again and again  and again until we can figure out what all the different things are referring  to. Natalie: "layered with opportunities. "liberated enough -if you recognize them." -"to  recognize them." Natalie: There are so many random places it could be,  and since the note wasn't specific, we ended up basically scouring the entire  island. Amber: Back when I played, you know, 20 years ago, 16 years ago,  there weren't any hidden idols or anything like this. So, this is all new to me. Natalie: We made that long trek all the way up to the rice  bucket, looked in the rice bucket, around the rice bucket. This tree's the most out of place thing here. Amber: We were completely lost. Either we're reading the clue all wrong, or maybe there's not  something out there today. Maybe it's something that is gonna happen tomorrow, and, today,  there's just a sign there to get our brains thinking. Natalie: I’m happy that we were proactive. I do feel bad that we wasted so much energy. But, you know, at the end of the day, it's about not forgetting  why we're here. It is easy to just kind of relax sometimes, take a nap on the  beach. But that's not what we're here for. So even though that does feel nice, we should keep our eyes  open. the one thing that I hadn't checked was the freaking  water. [whispering]: This is an amazing advantage. Obviously, I just have to sell this to somebody that I know  might have at least one token left. So, since I have no information, this is kind of like a blind  sale. I'm doing it just based on the probability of who has more  tokens. So, hopefully, tomorrow morning, I have something else in my  bag. Jeremy: Oh, snap. I mean, this has to be from-from nat. Man. This is huge for my game. Last tribal, I was left out of the vote. So now I feel like I’m on the bottom. I mean, that's a no-brainer right there. Fire tokens are really important. These fire tokens, they're really more valuable than people  think. They think, "oh, you get four tokens and you buy a  tarp." no, you can have one token and buy immunity. They don't even get it. They don't even know it yet. This is the biggest season ever. It's a war, and I lost the first battle. But this fire token economy could change everything. - -[singer laughs] [hammering]  Tony: Taking on projects is  fun. It keeps my mind occupied. 'Cause if I don't occupy my mind, I’m gonna start doing crazy  things, like searching for idols in front of everybody and just get myself in  trouble. Made it strong enough. All right, let's go. So I say, "you know what, let me just build the  ladder." don't tilt it to the side, 'cause all the rungs will slide  right off. We'll climb up and simply pick the papayas off the tree, simply  walk down the ladder, simply go to camp, chop it up and simply eat it. Simple as that. Left! Go left! -go left, right, left! -i don't even have... Left! Left! Left, right, left! -go left! -Wendell: This ladder, it's got to be, like, 20 feet tall and...  150 pounds. Watch out. Watch out, guys. Watch out. Bamboo coming through. Stop right here. Stop right here. Sophie: I don't even want to call it a ladder. It is two pieces of bamboo with other pieces of bamboo tied with  flimsy twine. Don't break my ladder, guys, please. [overlapping shouting] Kim: I am so nervous. No, don't be nervous. Tyson: He's surely joking. I know we signed waivers before we came out here, but I don't  know if there was a ladder clause in the contract. -all right, walk yours around. -oh, Tony. -it's gonna be a spiral staircase! -[gasping] Sarah: [laughs] Kim! Tony: No, no. Don't worry, guys. Don't worry. It's designed to be like this. Sophie: At some point, you imagine him to laugh and walk away. Bring that all the way in here... Tony never laughed and he  never walked away. It's kind of like, you know, playing a game with a kid, where  you just imagine it's all make-believe, and then you realize, at some point,  that, for them, it's not make-believe. -oh, yeah. -oh, my. Kim. -what? Tony: Guys, you got to make sure you hold it real tight there. -it's on. -all right, i'll hold the other side. -oh, no! -[laughter] -can somebody boost me up? -get out of... I got you, I got you, I got you. -no, man. -yes, it's not gonna work. -oh, this is perfect, guys. -Yul: Tony, Tony, Tony, Tony, you don't want to be the first  medevac. -you're making me so nervous. -[laughter] Yul: Tony, it's not square. It's-it's gonna... -i know. I-i designed it to... -[laughter] -Yul: Tony. -Tony... -Sophie: No! Ah! -[overlapping chatter] -Tony, Tony. Right there! -right above your head! Right there! [muttering] Tony, I think that's all we need. This is good. -we got to catch it. -Wendell: This is our second one! Tony! Tyson: How is this guy still alive? He does not give two cares. [laughter] that's the guy that's enforcing the law at home. Now I’m questioning my read on him. Maybe he's not joking. Maybe he really believes that he is a structural engineer. -Tony, good job. -[chuckling] no, for real, if you guys want to use it, no  problem. [laughter] Sarah: I've known Tony for six years. I love the guy. And I knew people would, too, if they just got to know him. But... We don't want to seem like we're too much of a pair, so  we're trying to keep our distance from each other. -we can't freaking play. I got to s... -i can't even get -to talk to you. [chuckles] -yeah, that's-- why is that? -why is that? -i don't know. Uh, because people perceive us so much as a pair right now that  I cannot even have a conversation with you. If they're already assuming that, we might as well -just show  'em, "yeah, that's right. We're gonna go talk." -yeah, see... Tony: The first time,  at cagayan, it didn't work out so well for Sarah. It worked out great for me, the cops-r-us alliance, which just  included me, because, um, Sarah was voted off. But this time around, I’m gonna make it up to her if she gives  me that trust. -cops-r-us? I swear to God. -yeah. Cops-r-us. -we bring cop-cops-r-us back. -yeah. Hey. There we go. -all right. And-and i'm-i'm not kidding this time. -no. Sarah: The last time cops-r-us happened, the other half of  cops-r-us voted this half of cops-r-us out of the game. I didn't know how Tony operates. It was like we were brand-new partners out on the street. Now I know my partner. And as long as nobody knows about cops-r-us, cops-r-us can work. come on in, guys! Sele, getting your first look at the new Dakal tribe. Amber voted out at the last tribal council. Rob, got to ask-- Amber  voted out. Is that personal? Is that toward you because you guys were a couple? I mean, it's tough. This is a game. I get it. All right, shall we get to today's immunity challenge? First things first, Denise, -got to take it back. -do I have to? -you gotta. -[chuckles] once again, immunity is back up for grabs. For today's challenge, you're gonna race out with a cart to  retrieve three keys. -[jangling] -those keys will release three very heavy chests. You'll then disassemble your cart, get it through a barricade  and reassemble it. When you get to the end, you'll use the pieces inside the chest  to solve a giant dragon puzzle. First to finish wins immunity, safe from the vote. Losers, tribal council, where somebody will be the third person  voted out of Survivor: Winners at War. In addition, playing for a reward. Want to know -what you're playing for? -yep. Small in stature, large in value-- the Survivorspice kit. Mmm. Everything tastes better with the Survivorspice kit. Give you a minute to strategize. We'll get started. all right, here we go! For immunity and reward! Survivors, ready? Go! First job is to get that key off the post... -right there. Stop right there. -...and use it to unlock your chest. Ben trying to retrieve for Sele, Tyson for Dakal. -right through, Tyson. -here we go, here we go, -here we go. -Tyson has it! -nice. -Ben has it! Now you got to get that chest off and onto your cart. -go. -probst: Both tribes working together -very well. Sele has their first chest. -move this. Probst: There goes Dakal with their first chest. Get up there, get up there. -get it down. Get it down. -push it! Push it forward! -[shouting] -push it forward! -no, you got to... -probst: Now Tyson back up -for Dakal. -[grunting] leave the sides on. Probst: Ben's gonna go back up for Sele. Both tribes working on their second cart. Tyson inching that key. He's got it. Tony gonna unlock. Ben now trying to make up time for Sele. Get that stick out of there. [grunts] up, up, up. -probst: Sele now in the lead. -let's go! -let's go, guys. Let's go. -probst: Now it's Dakal chasing them. -forward. -probst: Both tribes -working on their third and final chest. -go, go, go, go! Come on, Ben. Probst: Got to get that key down first. Adam: Good job, Ben. Ben, Tyson at the same time! -Dakal has their chest off. -faster, faster, faster. Let's go, let's go. Probst: Dakal has theirs! You're good! Start taking it apart! Sele, you're good! Start taking it apart! Now you have to disassemble your cart and get it through the  barricade. The pieces go through. The people go over. -this is where teamwork comes into play. -it won't work. Bring it up! [shouts] -[grunts] -all right. -up. -these are heavy chests you are moving! -[grunting] -yo, this is heavy. Go, go, go, go, go, go... Probst: Here comes that final piece of  the cart. -hey, get over here. -probst: Dakal, they're good. -everybody's got to get over now. -fall, fall. -okay, go! -probst: Sele, get everybody over! -the other one! -move it forward! -probst: Now it's how quickly -can you get your cart back  together. -[shouting] -put that one on! -probst: Wheels, rails, chests, everything. Railing going back on. -let's go. -on three. Hey, you got it, guys. Doing great. -get in the back. -probst: That'll do it. Get in the back. -probst: Dakal gonna give it a go. -one, two, three. -probst: Sele still working to get it together. -go, go, go, go, go! -go, go! -go, go, go! -probst: Dakal pushing... -go, go, go! -...through a very tough obstacle! -you got it! Over! Probst: And they've got it! Now you got to get the chest up there! -guys, grab number two. -watch out, watch out. Probst: Dakal has pulled ahead now. Sele still working to get their cart back together. -okay, we'll put this on and i'll go make a path. -that's it. That's right. -watch out. -let's go. You're good! It is Sandra and Sophie now. Roll fast, fast. Probst: Sele finally has their cart back together. All the way. All the way. Probst: They're gonna attack the obstacle course now. It's stuck. It's stuck. Probst: Sandra and Sophie with a big head start on the puzzle. Rob and Denise waiting to get in on this puzzle. That's it. Probst: You're good, Sele! Now start unloading the crates! Towards this. Towards Ben. Probst: It is Sandra and Sophie with the early lead on the  puzzle, that first section. Rob waits for his tribe that is really slowing down now. -you're good! Get to work, puzzle solvers! -go, go, go. It's Sophie and Sandra for Dakal making very fast work of this  first section, as Denise and Rob just start on their first section. -yeah. -[applause] -let's go! Probst: Sandra and Sophie figured out the first section; they're  moving on to the second section. -yeah, good job! Yeah! -yeah! -good job, guys. -whoo! We got this. Come on, we got this. Probst: Denise and Rob quickly closing the gap. They've made up some time very quickly in there. You're good, Sele! -move, quickly move. -probst: Denise and Rob made up a lot of time in that first  section, -and they are back in it now. -set them up. [whooping] probst: We are basically dead even right now. -let's go. Separate them. -okay, okay. Look at me. Look at me. Purple over here. Purple over here. Probst: Rob and Denise slowing down now, really examining what  they're looking for. Blue. The question is: Will it work? Put that on. Probst: Two very different approaches to how to solve this  section. -keep going, soph. -good job, good job. This is one side of the puzzle. All right? -yeah. Okay. Yep. -this is the other side of the puzzle. Probst: Rob and Denise have yet to put a piece into their  puzzle. Very unusual to take this much time. Denise, that-- Rob. Probst: Sandra and Sophie, piece by piece, -are pulling away in  this challenge. -yes, Sophie, yes. Almost on box three. Probst: Rob and Denise are absolutely nowhere. We need a thin little piece. Probst: For all the time they spent organizing, absolutely  nothing to show for it. Wendell: Okay, soph! -Tony: Let's go, let's go! -okay, soph! -Tony: Thin stripes, let's go! -let's go! -[whooping] -probst: Sandra and Sophie are done -with the second  section. -no! Set it down there! Moving on to the third and final section. Go. Leave that, leave that, leave that. Probst: Absolute disaster on the puzzle. Sele-- they got a strategy, and it's not working, as Dakal  closes in on winning this challenge in a blowout and brutal fashion. -[clapping] -[whooping] there it is! Dakal wins immunity, sending Sele back to tribal council -with a  devastating loss! -great job! Dakal, congratulations. -immunity is yours again. -Sandra. -thank you, Jeff. -whoo! -[applause] -it's the queen. Probst: Nobody going home from Dakal. Waiting for you back at camp, the Survivorspice kit. Grab your stuff, head out. Enjoy the night off. All right, Sele, grab your stuff. Head back to camp. See you tonight at tribal, where somebody will be the third  person voted out of this game. Parvati: If you break it down to old versus new, we're  outnumbered by newer players here. So I want to make sure there's no strong, new-school faction  that's growing that I’m on the outside of. So one of them's gots to go.   I’m usually comfortable in that spot, and I was  second-guessing myself, and I never usually do in that spot. -usually, like... -there were too many voices. -everybody was screaming. -too many. It's hard to do that, though. Rob: Yeah, well, let the craziness begin. Yeah. Rob: Today was not my best day. First, I find out they send my wife to extinction island. And then in the challenge, I blew it. Dude, you suck today. -bro. -[Adam laughing] bro, I tried hard. -you weren't much better. -no. Rob: I take full responsibility, but for whatever reason, I’m not  too worried about it. I feel secure in the relationships that I’m building out here. So, for me, the question is which of these new-school guys is  going home? It could be Jeremy. At this point, he's on the bottom. On the other hand, -Ben is a little bit of a wild card. -[vocalizing] he wants to seem harmless, but Ben is dangerous. And I don't trust him, so he might have to go. So, look, let's just assume for a second no idols. Right? The options are Jeremy and Ben. Who's the most Beneficial that we get out? Danni: It's been 14 years since i've played, and the game has  changed a lot. And I’m trying to adapt to that right now, but I feel like i've  been left out. And now I’m not even sure about my old-school alliance. I feel like it's me going home tonight. It's not hard to pick up on that when people are walking off and  talking and nobody's including you on anything. Even Parvati, who I thought I was very close to. Okay, well, I know I’m kind of on the outs. Parvati and I were, like, close at the beginning, and she  doesn't hardly talk to me at all anymore. And I thought we were together, but I feel like you already know  you're on the outs when that happens. So I just want to make my case with you guys. -you know he's not... -ben: Yeah, you know I’m not -an  old-schooler, right? -you do know who this is, right? -yeah, no, I know. But, I mean, just... -ben: Little awkward. -Danni: No. -Ethan: Oh, my God. We had a plan at the very beginning. It was kind of an old-school thing. Obviously, we need to keep it on the dl, but Danni, right in  front of Ben, comes out with it. You know, I don't really know what's going on with Danni. I think she feels like she's on the outside, and now she's  telling Ben -all of our secrets. -Danni: No, I mean... -ben: So there is an old-school,  new-school thing. -no. -no. -no. 'Cause he said to me... -uh... [laughs] -specifically, he  goes... -he asked me... -ben: I knew it. There is the old-school, new-school thing happening right now. That's a fact, jack, and I’m totally, 100% concerned. These old-schoolers, they're gonna cling on to each other. And I don't want to be bamboozled by these guys. And so being able to get them out now is my main objective. So, here's the thing. Let's get rid of Danni, and then that'll show there's no  old-school, new-school thing. It's an easy vote across the board. Adam: Okay, I think we're on the same page for now. -i'm just gonna go check in with other people. -ben: Okay. Rob: What you thinking? I know I’m on the outs, and I know that it's more likely me,  and... -i don't feel that way. -and, well... I'll tell you this. Like, we work together moving forward, I will be 100% yours. Like, I will let you know everything. But to get who? Danni: Well, yeah. -are you sure? -i figure... Yeah. Rob: In the beginning of this game, even though she threw my  name out there, I was completely willing to forgive that. But then Danni came up with the plan to vote out Parvati. I mean, Danni. Parvati is my number one. -so, Danni's hustling. -Ethan: Yeah. Rob: And she came to me with a plan to vote off Parvati. Yeah. Rob: Well, I’m not trying to start no, you know, apocalypse now,  but I’m good to vote Danni. Ethan: Hmm. Adam: This is incredible news for me. The old-schoolers are turning on each other, and it started with  Danni throwing parv under the bus. Honestly, if I had my choice, it would be parv. Parvati is a massive threat in this game, but she is super tight  with boston Rob. And boston Rob is the Godfather, and going against the Godfather  is really dangerous. -Ethan: Yeah. -Parvati: Why would she tell Rob? -that doesn't make any sense. -Ethan: 'cause... -i don't even... -Parvati: Is she just  clueless? Danni and i, the first day that we hit the beach, we were  talking. We were connecting. But now she's coming after me. So, it's weird. Yeah, man. What the hell? And you for sure don't think that Ben will do anything crazy? Ben is all frickin' over the place. Does he have an idol? Yeah. Yeah. ...and take control of it? 'Cause we're not in control. Jeremy: This is a miracle. The biggest name out there right now is Danni, and as long as  it's not me, I’m good with that. But Rob's controlling the tribe. Him and parv. And I don't like watching other people control the game. I like to be the one to pull the trigger on these blindsides. Yeah. Adam: We can pull this off. I know where the idol is, and so I know that Parvati doesn't  have it. And so we can just vote her out of the game. But it's all about choosing when to take these risks because it  could backfire. But I know that I will never win this game if I don't take those  risks.   [laughs] Adam: Yeah. [laughing] probst: Thanks, Ben. -it's been six days. -Adam: I-i don't know. It looked like a hole. [all laughing] it... Probst: All right. Rob, what's the state of the game right now? This game is and always has been about relationships. I had my wife sent to extinction island because of our  relationship. And within this group here, there are multiple relationships. It's more complex this season than it's ever been in the history  of this game. Probst: And, Ethan, how does that manifest itself through the  eyes of somebody like you who has not played in a long time? It's quite confusing, to be honest. Reading people and understanding if my relationship is real or  if this is just a new side of the game that I just don't understand. Probst: Michele, that's a really interesting question for an  old-school player to ponder is, "is it real?" honestly, old-school,  new-school, that's kind of out the window. It doesn't matter when you played the game. The reading people aspect has been hard, I think, for all of us. I looked every single one of these people in the eye last tribal  council, and I thought that I was gonna be on the right side of the vote, and  I got hoodwinked. Probst: Parvati, is there anything to what Michele's saying? Man, you just got to... Keep up. Parvati: I think it definitely matters when you last played. People that haven't played in a long time, like Danni or Ethan,  have no experience with immunity idols or advantages or hidden surprises that  can come up and blow everything up at a moment's notice. Danni, does it make you feel old? -[laughs] -not chronological age in life, but you're coming into  a game that you could maybe feel like, "wow, did it leave me behind? Or can I catch up in time?" yeah, it does make me feel old  in that way 'cause there's just a different kind of play. I played a very loyal game with great alliances. And I thought I had some of that forming in this game, and  clearly, all of a sudden, I didn't. The past couple of days, people running off and talking. And when you're not involved in those conversations, then you  know you're on the bottom. Probst: Parvati, you had a pretty big reaction. Parvati: Yeah. Danni came out of the gates really strong, originally wanting to  vote out Rob. And then Rob and Danni have a conversation, and all of a sudden,  Danni's now in an alliance with the old-school people, supposedly. -so, it's like... -so, wait, can I touch on that? I'm talking with Ethan today, and Danni comes up full-out  talking with Ethan about a new-school, old-school vibe right in front of me. And Ethan had to stop her and be like, "wait a second. You do realize he's a new-schooler." so obviously, there  was -an old-school thing going on. -there wasn't. Ben: So, there's paranoia among the old-school players because  they might not get what's going on right now. And then there's paranoia amongst the new-school players because  we're watching all the old-schoolers getting paranoid, and then it's just  creating this huge paranoia. -Parvati: Wait a minute. Wait a minute. -wait. -wait a minute, Ben. -what? Parvati: Are you saying you're watching us get paranoid, so  that's why you're getting paranoid? I'm not paranoid. I'm not paranoid right now. I watched you three run around all day today. Parvati, Rob and Ethan. -all day. -rob: Everybody does. -this is Survivor. That's what it is. -i know. But you're singling us out when you're included doing those same  conversations with other people. -it's unfair. -Parvati: I think that's a perception. -ben: I will agree. I will agree. -Ethan: But you go off with two new-school players. We didn't call you out about that, which happens quite often. You guys do all the time. And I went off with you today. -exactly. -ben: I-i went off -with Jeremy. -exactly. -i went off with you. Okay. -right. -exactly. -ben: Okay, but... -so, what's your point? That everybody's paranoid is my point. -[all laugh] -that's what I’m trying to say. Everybody's paranoid, and we're causing everybody to be paranoid  as a group. -Parvati: There is a good reason for it. -[indistinct whispering] Jeff, this is how it is at camp all  day, too, right? Really? Ben: And this is real. This is live. We haven't had enough time to figure this out as a group, and,  uh, it's-it's... It's exciting. Probst: Do you worry that they could be going, "you know  what? If he's gonna talk like that, -let's just get rid of him"? -ben: Yeah. And this whole thing with the idols, right? Like, i've had a big target 'cause of idols, and i've had to try  to diminish that. And so I’m not going to look for idols. If you want to go look for idols, I can show you how to look for  an idol. Rob: Who has the idol? I ain't got nothing. Does someone have the idol? Anyone have the idol? I think we should find out who has the idol. -yeah. -sounds good. -okay, let's do it. Let's all open our bags, and let's see who has the idol. [laughter] Michele: Hopefully. [laughs] probst: Wow. Another first at tribal council. I'll put mine up here just so everybody can see. Adam: I-i will say I think this is ridiculous, by the way. I mean, this is Survivor,but go ahead. -go through my stuff, you know? -rob: Guys... If that's how you want to play. -let's see. -nobody has the idol. That's the thing, -is nobody probably has the idol. -rob: I don't know. Maybe somebody has it. Adam: Why should everybody get to know who has the idol? -why-why is that a thing? No. -do you have the idol? -i don't have the idol, Rob. -rob: Okay. So, I’m just saying, it's very paranoid around camp. -Adam: Because of this. -rob: Because of that. Adam: I mean, people look for idols. That's part of the game. -let them. -i agree. It's part of the game. Rob, what is the point of that? What is it you're hoping to find? I'm trying to find out the truth, just like everybody else. Adam: Personally, I think relationship building and the alliance  building is more important than the idol searching at this stage of the game. And yeah, it would be great to have an idol, but ultimately, it  comes down to where are the votes gonna go? Probst: Parvati, what is tonight's vote about given everything  that just went on? I think tonight's vote is about relationships. How solid your connections are that you've made. How much you can trust the people that you've given your trust  to and... [chuckles] praying. All right, it is time to vote. Jeremy, you're up. another crazy one. I hope this is the right risk to take. I'll go tally the votes. if anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want to play  it, now would be the time to do so. Probst: Okay. I'll read the votes. First vote: Parvati. Danni. Danni. Two votes Danni. Danni. That's three votes Danni, one vote Parvati. Danni. Four votes Danni. Third person voted out of Survivor: Winners at War. Danni, that's five. That's enough. You need to bring me your torch. Danni, the tribe has spoken. captioning sponsored by cbs captioned by media access  group at wgbh access.wgbh.org Survivor's looking for new players. It could be you. Apply now. Probst: Next time onSurvivor, the hunt is on. Adam: It's time to target the big dogs in this game. Probst: But when you fight like an animal... If you ... Come  after me, I better not find out about it. Probst: ...there will always be a bigger fish. -Tony, don't grab it! -bring it here. -it went... [roars] -[Nick and Yul scream] Danni: Well, hello,  guys. There's a lot we get to talk about. Amber, nice to meet you. I've never been voted out. To have my torch snuffed was not a feeling that I wanted to  experience, but I still have life in this game, and I’m holding on to that.