<br/>Now that you're in it  what will you do? Keep your eyes open they're coming for you. [crackling]  [laughter] good morning. [Parvati laughs] Adam:  At tribal council, it was a unanimous vote. Danni went home,  because boston Rob, Parvati and Ethan decided to betray her. So, to me, the three old-schoolers  have been running the show here. We were all playing at  a casino, and I was in for $200. Rob: Yeah, probability  of winning is very low. Adam: Boston Rob feels  like he needs to be in control at all times. He won this game  because he was in control from start to finish. But this is not Survivor:  Redemption island. This is Survivor: Winners  at War. He needs to adapt and  maybe play a little bit more like I am. All right, almond man. -hopefully, we'll get  lucky... -Adam: This is the time to draw a line in the sand and target some  of the big dogs in this game. Well, I’m nervous that  we're on the outs. Here's where it-- I’m really  looking forward. This sounds terrible. Well, throw it out  there. 'Kay. True. So, how do we go about  doing that? -Rob really trusts me. -if-- mm-hmm. -and he'd rather it be  parv than him. -than him. It's dangerous. I'll do it if you'll  do it. Right now, I’m feeling  like I’m in a fairly good spot. Last night, Danni was  voted out of the game and bequeathed her fire token to me. -oh, my God. [laughs] -i had found  the immunity idol, and I had to give half away. But before we went to  tribal council... Okay. ...Adam, luckily, had  given me back the other half of the idol. So it is now my idol,  and it is whole and it has power. And I feel secure that  Adam and I are good. -[quietly]: It's a big  move. -we can do this. But Ethan, Rob and Parvati  appear to be very tight. So we need to take  some control so that we're driving the vote, versus maybe the three of them. Adam: Mm-hmm. -ben: I can't work  with him. -mm-hmm. To me, parv is the  most dangerous, long-term. She's playing a  cutthroat game, and maybe she doesn't seem it right now, but she's out for  blood. And I think if we get  out parv, I think Rob will be butthurt at first, but I think he'll recover. -Adam: Yeah. He has to. -because I think he'll  realize... Adam: Who else does he have? Yeah. Okay. I'm on board. So on board. I can't stand Rob because  he's an alpha male and he's gonna take charge. But as long as I keep  my temper down, I’m okay. Because we can put a  vote where we want it, whether it's boston Rob or Parvati. [chuckles]: But I wish  Rob would get-get off this island. Same. We are going to have  to... Pick and choose who we really... Can put ourselves on the line for. -right. -it's just important  that, if we do ever have to go to tribal council again... Ethan: Yeah. Hmm, hmm, hmm. Yeah. Adam: Everybody at  home will be shouting, "why would you ever, ever, ever do this?"  why would I ever tell Ethan that I’m going to vote out Parvati? Because if Parvati is  going to go home, I need Ethan in my corner. I need him to be okay  and still trust me. Definitely. I'm cool with Adam. But you can't come to  me, telling me you're gonna vote off Parvati. He knows I’m close to Parvati. That was a silly  mistake on his part. Parvati's my number  one. I trust her with my  life. And to have one person  that you can trust no matter what is huge. It's more huge than  having a decent relationship with Adam. [seabirds  calling]  oh, really? Yeah. And we can set that,  like, a-a volleyball net and let them get tangled up in it. Here I am for the  fifth time, and... Once this is over, I’m retiring from the game. So, this season, I’m going  to switch gears. I want to prove my  worth to this tribe and catch a couple of fish. Tyson: So, right now,  I’m in a new position in this game that i've never experienced before, being  everyone's target. And it's been kind of  a tricky seven days for me, a little bit of a roller coaster. So I need to point the  target anywhere else. Sandra: They get  caught all by themselves. -yeah. -Tyson: I’m thinking  throwing Sandra's name out would be easy. She's the weakest one  on the tribe. And, on top of that, Sandra  has two million in the bank fromSurvivor. So toppling the queen  would please everyone here. I think Sandra is just trying to divide,  knowing that she's a big threat. -Sandra? -that's Sandra. That's the way she  plays. She picks where she  sees any type of separation and just keeps planting seeds. Yul: Sandra has a reputation  for just using misinformation and stirring things up. And, for me, I want to  keep people who I feel like who are playing a rational game, so that they're  not making unpredictable moves that will backstab me as I’m getting towards  the end. I don't trust Tyson  right now, but his proposal to vote out Sandra is an option. found a shark. -that's awesome, man. Thank goodness. -right? Tony:  baby  shark, do, do, do-do  Sandra's shark, do, do, do-do! Sandra: Yay! I got us a shark. Us waking up to a  shark steak breakfast... No one is at my level just yet. -look at that shark. -Sandra: What I told  you? I said, "there's  fish in there." Tony: I said, "oh, hey, let me jump in. Let me be the hero. Let me grab the  shark." so I grab the shark, just pick it up. -oh, wow. -ooh. -oh, wow. -Sandra: Tony, it's  alive. -don't drop it, Tony! Don't drop it! -oh, wow. -bring it here. -over here! -[laughing] over here,  Tony! It's wanting to bite  me, man. As soon as I picked it  up, it went... [shouts] -[shouts] -[shouts] Yul: Tony's scared of sharks. And so, like, the idea  that the shark was gonna bite him was freaking him out. -yeah, he was still  alive. -no kidding. He almost bit me. He almost took my arm  off. So many thoughts went  through my mind in, like, a millisecond. The first reaction was  to let it go. So it would've fell  back in the water and it would escape. There-- i-i would've--  I would've just said, "guys, let me just swim to the edge, "because  you don't need to vote me off tonight. I know who's going."  -[gasps] -mm! Oh, man. What a cluster that  was. -[sizzling] -Sandra: That's  a nice sound. -that's very nice. -whoo! -whoa. -oh, that's  phenomenal. Yul: We want to keep  the momentum going, and I think one of the components of keeping that  momentum going is keeping morale high and being well-fed. And Sandra is a big  part of that. So, I know Tyson is  targeting Sandra, but... I don't want to lose Sandra. So, Tyson was saying,  "hey, we should vote out Sandra. "i think she's  running the show. I think-- "i think  this will be something everyone can get behind. "Tony and, uh, Sarah  will, I think, get on board with it. If we don't..." I  guess we don't have to worry until if we lose the challenge. -okay. -Sandra: There is no  way that Tyson's gonna come after me and that he's not gonna pay the price  for it. Don't come after me. If you ... Come after  me, I better not find out about it.  Danni: Back  at camp, when I was in the game, we had coconuts laying around. There's no coconuts  here on extinction. You get very little  rice every day. And if you don't  provide for yourself, you're not gonna eat. So, we're trying to  spearfish. And it was my first  time ever spearfishing. I can't even begin to tell you how beautiful  it was. I've never seen  anything like that before in my life. -Amber! I caught a little one! -did you get one? I'm like a little kid,  so excited -to catch my first fish. -[laughs] yay! Danni: If I don't take  anything else away from this game, getting that little fish tells me,  "you may be down, but you're never out." so I’m holding on to that  here. Amber: There's three? -oh! -oh! -oh, my goodness. -like, have our names  on it...? Amber: Natalie got  some tree mail for us. We get these bamboo  tubes wrapped up in these pretty shells, and we open 'em up and... -okay. -Natalie and I have  been up to get rice several times, and we've done some exploring while we  were on the mountain. And we've noticed  these trees that stand out among all the green around 'em, so... We were just  thinking about getting to that tree right away. Is it a white tree? It looked like it in  the picture. Natalie: What's this? Yeah. Natalie: We get to the  tree, and there's a freaking, like, lockbox, which I did not expect. I thought it was just  gonna be my advantage right there. I read the little  sign, so I knew it wasn't a guessing game. Yet I stayed there,  and I took a million guesses, trying to figure it out. What have we been  given? Think. -tokens. -how do you spell  "tokens"? T-o-k-e-n-s. -t... -Danni: Is it  our date of birth? A, b, c, d, e, f, g,  h. Amber's figured out  something. Amber! [echoing]: Where are  you going?! Amber: Immediately, my  head goes back to, "i'm not gonna help them out in any way," which  is kind of weird, because we've been working together so well. And then, all of a  sudden, it's competition again. I remember seeing  numbers painted on the crates that are by the mast. I try to remember them  in my head, but I’m thinking I need to write these numbers down or I’m gonna  get up there and forget and be really mad at myself. [panting]: Okay. Fifty. But there's no zero. What? What did you look for  when you went back to camp? I just went all around  camp looking for numbers. -mother. -Danni: It's got to be  at camp. Natalie: It says  you've been given everything. So did you count those  dumb shells? I was trying to think  of what I had missed, and... That's when it clicked. [whispering]: One,  two, three, four, five... [sniffles] six. And then I hold it up,  and I realize there's, like, this sequence of shells with knots in between  each kind of grouping. I just couldn't  believe that this was it. Oh, my God, oh, my God,  oh, my God. There were three  tubes. I chuck one into the  bushes and broke the second one. So if one of them  came, they won't be able to figure it out. And I knew I had to  get up there as soon as possible. And, luckily, both of  them had kind of given up. -[panting] -i  laid the shells, and I just slowly put the numbers in. [whispering]: One,  two, three, four, five, six, seven. I was trying not to  get too excited, but my heart starts racing. Please, jesus. [sniffles] I took a  deep breath, and... [shrieking] oh, my God. [chuckles, exhales]  "this advantage will help a player find "a steal a vote hidden at  the other tribe's camp. "this advantage  has no value on extinction, "but you can sell it to any player in the  game "for one fire token. "if they do not  pay for it by sundown, "they cannot keep it and you will not receive  your fire token." the advantage I have is a steal a vote advantage. That obviously has no  value on extinction. And, again, like the  other two, I have to somehow pick the right person who would be risky enough  to do this and who would buy this advantage from me. It will be so sweet if  they go for it, because these opportunities to earn these tokens, they're not  given to us every day. Yeah. I would have three  fire tokens, so I’m actually a billionaire on extinction. Uh, but I’m pretending  that I’m a complete peasant and completely poor like the rest of them. Natalie: Everything  that I’m doing is gonna lead to my eventual goal here, uh, which is to get  off this bloody island and get back there. yo, you have no  idea how awesome that was to see that-that shark trapped in that net. He was playing dead. And I picked him up  and I was like, "hey." and then he's... [shouts] -yeah. -[chuckling] key to a  shark fight is to get the shark on land. -that's what I did. -good. Tony: And I thought  sharks, they have to keep swimming. Sarah: I’m going  through my bag, and... I see something in there that I didn't put in there. So, I get a free  second, and I walk out of camp and find a good spot to hide. And I pull out a...  Note. "there is a steal  a vote hidden at the other tribe's camp, "inside one of the player's  torches. "this advantage allows  you to sneak "into their camp tonight and attempt to find it. This advantage will  cost you one fire token." oh, man. This is a huge  decision, because... I've successfully played the steal a vote ingame  changers. Probst: The 14th  person voted out and the seventh member of our jury, michaela. Sarah: I know how it's  played, and I know how powerful it can be. So this is definitely  something I would like to have in my back pocket. But there's a lot at  stake. First of all, it's  gonna cost me my fire token, the one token that I have. And then I got to  sneak out of my camp without getting caught. I also have to  infiltrate a camp that I know nothing about. I mean, I haven't  gotten to do recon on that camp at all. If it was any other  season, i'd probably turn it down. But it'sWinners at War,  and I’m ready to go to battle. So... I'm going for  it. As a cop, this feels  like I’m suiting up to go do a search warrant right now. But nobody enters a  building alone. You wait for your  backup to get there. So I might have to tap  in one of my other fellow police officers to help me out with this mission. [crickets chirping] Tony:  Officer Sarah comes up to me and says, "Tony, I need you to be a good  partner today, and I need backup." and we went into stealth mode at that  point. I told her I was gonna  get a coconut, fill it up with ashes, so, before she goes on her mission, I’m  gonna cover her skin so she can be camouflaged. Yeah. Tony: This is crazy,  right? Close your eyes. So, as I put this  charcoal on her forehead, it's, like, dusty and it's not really sticking. Are we serious right  now? -what? -so she tells me,  "spit on it." so I’m like... [spits] spitting in the charcoal,  making it nice and wet. And then she had to  spit in it, too, 'cause it wasn't enough. -[spits, sputters]  -[laughs] -[laughs] -shh. So, at the end of the  day, we did it. [quietly]: And don't  say nothing to nobody. All right. Good luck. [insects  trilling]  [motor rumbling]  Sarah: I make my way down the trail,  and I get right to the edge of camp. And it is pitch-black;  I can't see anything. And it's foreign  territory. I have no idea what's  going on. So I start crawling  around, looking for these torches. I get just past the  fire, and, off to my right, I see all the torches. I'm like, "bingo."   here's the problem. I have to get to the  top of these things, and they're taller than I am. So I’m gonna have to  stand up and be completely exposed. [rustling] [cracking]  I’m looking in the top of the torches, I’m putting my hand in, and I don't feel  it in any of 'em. [rustling] there is a  guy sleeping literally ten feet from where I’m doing this. And I’m clanging  torches. I'm snapping twigs  when I step. It's a complete  disaster. This is not how I envisioned  this going. finally, I feel  it. I'm like, "this  is it." pull it out, stick it in my pants without them waking up and I bolted. Mission accomplished. come on in,  guys! Dakal, getting your  first look at the new Sele tribe. Danni voted out at the  last tribal council. All right, let's get  to it. First things first,  got to take back the immunity idol. -Yul, thank you. -thank you. Once again, immunity  is back up for grabs. For today's challenge,  you're gonna leap across a series of ramp walls. You'll get to a  sandpit. You'll dig up a  ladder, climb it, retrieve a rope. You'll use the rope to  get to the top of a tower, where you will solve a tree puzzle. First to finish wins  immunity-- safe from the vote. In addition, you're  playing for a reward. Want to know what  you're playing for? -yeah. -yeah. Winning tribe, chicken  kebobs. -oh, my God. -ooh! -probst: And a grill  -to cook 'em on. -nice. -yummy. Losers, tribal  council, where somebody will be the fourth person voted out of Winners at War.Dakal,  you have one extra person. Who you gonna sit out  of this challenge? [quietly]: I'll sit  out. I can't do that  challenge. Sandra, take a spot on  the sit-out Bench. -yes, queen. Yes, queen. -everybody else, give  you a minute to strategize. -we'll get it on. -whoo! all right, here  we go! For immunity and reward! Survivors, ready? [spits]  go! You got to get across  all the ramp walls. If you fall, you got  to come back! -[groans] -Yul falls! -let's go, let's go,  let's go. -probst: Ethan's down! Adam's got to go back! -let's go, let's go,  let's go. -probst: Nick falls! If you drop, you got  to come back all the way! -Michele falls. -take two steps on  each. Probst: Nick now  flying this time. -you got this. -here goes Ethan. He's across. Now you're getting it! That's how you do it! You got to leap, Michele! -come on, Michele! -let's go. Probst: Dakal, you're  good! Dakal's digging  already. Sele waiting on Michele. -let's go. -probst: You're good! -good job. Good job, Dakal. -found it, found it. -i got a rung here. -got a rung there. Now you got to dig up  the ladder. Let's go, let's go. Dakal out to an early  lead. They have their  ladder. Sele was waiting. Took them a while to  get across the ramp walls. -they're paying for it  now! -pull it out, pull it  out, -pull it out, pull it out! -come on. Come on. -go get 'em, Tony! -let's go. Go. Probst: Tony gonna go  up the ladder. -let's go. -probst: Tony quickly  working on that rope. Here comes Sele. They're going up now. Tony has it. Get down. You're good. It's gonna be Jeremy  going up the ladder, -firefighter-style. -all right, Jeremy. Go, go, go, go! Probst: You're good, Dakal! It's Wendell now,  tossing the rope -for Dakal. -good! Probst: Jeremy up top. He's got the rope. Up and over. You're good! Get down! Drop that ladder. -drop it! -probst: You're good, Sele! Just leave the slack  right there. Get some slack. Probst: Rob throwing  for Sele. Parvati: Come on, Rob. Focus. Probst: Just misses. [grunts] Wendell has  it. You're good. Start pulling yourself  up. Somebody hold the  back. Hold the back rope. Probst: Got to get  everybody to the top. -Yul, you're up first. -probst: Rob still  trying -to lasso it for Sele. -it's all right. Well, next one, you  got it. -Yul, yeah! -probst: Good call. Now you got to get up  the next phase with no rope. Just humans. Sarah, Sarah. Then me. Help them, Yul. -help them, Yul. -probst: Tyson lifting  one after another. Yul's up. There goes Sarah. Want to switch out? -yeah, switch. -Parvati: Switch. -come on, Ben. -come on, Ben. -probst: Rob coming  out. Here comes Ben. Sele struggling once  again in the challenge. Oh! [exclaims] probst: Here  goes Wendell. And he's up. Dakal, two people on  the puzzle! -go, go, go! -go! Probst: It's gonna be Sarah  and Sophie on the puzzle for Dakal -as Ben continues to try to loop this. -yes! -yes! Go, go, go! -yeah! Let's go, let's go,  let's go! -probst: For Sele. And he's got it. Get up! -go, go, go! -help them with those  pieces. -got to hold that  rope. Probst: Everybody's  got to go up the rope. Right there. The dark is on the  inside. Probst: And Dakal now  extending their lead. -i got it. Got it. -good job. -probst: There's Adam. Here comes Jeremy. -there, go. -go, go! -now you can go. -now it's a human  wall. -hop on it, hop on it! -Wendell: Dark on the  inside. -Ben gonna be the  ladder while Sarah and Sophie working on the puzzle for Dakal. You can find a spot  -and just go through every single one on it. -yeah. We have the time. Good job, Dakal. One by one, here comes  Sele. Come on! Got to get everybody  up here. Ben and Jeremy have taken  everybody -up over their bodies. -rob: Can you get up? Ethan: Hold my legs. Hold my legs. Probst: Now they've  got to get up. Jeremy's good. Here comes Ben. Can he do it? Ethan: Hold my legs. -get him, get him! Yes! -probst: Jeremy pulls  Ben. He's up and over. -start on the puzzle! -good stuff, bro, good  stuff. Probst: That's how you  fight on Survivor! -never give up! -good. Probst: Now all that  adrenaline has to subside. Now you have to start  solving a complicated Survivortree puzzle. Wendell: She already  had it in. Good job, soph. Probst: It is Sarah  and Sophie, Michele and Rob. Rob put himself in the  last challenge in the same spot, in the finishing spot. By his own words, he  blew it. -what else? What else? -probst: But he's  given himself the ball again for a chance to redeem. -put pieces you've  tried there. -okay. -probst: Dakal still  with the lead. -the puzzle. Probst: They had a  time advantage getting up here. Couple of minutes,  which can be forever in a challenge. But Rob and Michele  are trying to close that gap. We are now tied. Three pieces each on  the puzzle. The pressure is real. So, look for that  other piece. The blank piece. -probst: Sele with  another piece. -okay. They are now in the  lead. That's good. That's right. -push it right...  -probst: Sarah places another. -okay. -probst: Dakal is not  slowing down. They had the early  lead, and they're trying to reestablish -that lead. -right there. Right there. Probst: Sarah with  another piece -for Dakal. -yeah? Or no? -probst: And we're  even again. -okay, now we're  looking... Probst: Both tribes with six pieces in place. This could come down  to the wire. -uh, yeah, that one. -probst: It is Dakal  and Sele side by side. Very even. Parvati: Oh, that's  it, Michele. Probst: In this challenge  on day nine for immunity and reward. Somebody will be at  extinction, -out of this game. -yeah, Rob. Probst: Fighting for  their chance to get back in. -Denise: That's it. -rob: Perfect. -probst: You do not  want that to be you. -Rob with another piece. -okay. -nice, nice. -probst: Michele with  another piece. It's now Sele back in  the lead. It has been back and  forth. Sophie keeping pace  with another piece. There's Sarah with  another piece! Dakal down to four  pieces. -Sele still with five! -we got it. Probst: Sophie with  another piece. Is it right? -she's got it! -yes, yes. -probst: It is now Dakal  in the lead. -five o'clock. Ethan: Yeah, yeah,  yeah. Keep flipping. Keep flipping. -angle it a little bit  more. -there. Yeah, yeah. Probst: Sele feeling  the pressure. Yes. Yes, that's it. Exactly. -rob, that one goes  there. -crunch time. Crunch time. -come help. -crunch time. Probst: Sele, they're  down to four now. Another piece by Dakal. -right here. -probst: They're down  to two! Higher. Higher. Right there. Now pull it out and  slide it in. Probst: Wendell trying  to coach them in. Pull it towards us. Probst: Wants to get  in there, but he can't. Wendell: Pull it  towards us. Right there. -let's go! Let's go! Let's go! -probst: Another piece  by Dakal. -let's go! -the last piece for Dakal. -Parvati: You got it. That's right. -yeah, yeah. Probst: Another piece  by Sele! They're down to two! -no, no, this... -is  this right? -Wendell: No. Four inches to the  right. No. No, no, no. -flip it again. -like that. -now go down a notch. -Wendell: Now down,  down. -bottom. Bottom. Right. -rob. Probst: Rob trying to  get it in. Michele looking. Where does it go? One piece left for Dakal! -no, no. -yeah. Get it! Oh, but Sarah dropped  it! -opened the door for Sele. -back on. Get it back on. Ben: Rob, that's it. Probst: Another piece  by Sele. -one piece left. -Ethan: Slide that in. Slide it in from the  side. [cheering] probst: Dakal  got it! Dakal pulls out  immunity! Wow! Seconds away. One piece left for Sele. -we're good. -wow. Dakal, another  victory. -whoo! -nobody going home. -wow! -probst: That is three  out of four challenge wins. Another night off from  tribal. Grab your stuff. Head out. Enjoy the night off. Your reward will be  waiting for you back at camp. Chicken kebabs. -chicken kebabs! -chicken kebabs. All right, Sele. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. See you tonight at  tribal, where somebody will be the fourth person voted out of Survivor: Winners  at War. See you tonight. Denise: We lost again. But the game plan is  to vote off Parvati. And we know that this  vote is a critical vote. This could blow up a  lot of people's game. [fire crackling]  Rob: Losing today's challenge was tough. And when we get back  to the camp, it was almost like it was a standoff. Season 40 is a  different kind of season. These players know  what they're doing. Everybody's kind of  going over their own game plans in their own heads, waiting to see who's  gonna move first. Michele: Nobody wanted  to walk off. We know this game inside  and out, and we know what happens when you are the first to walk off and  start strategizing. Jeremy: Everyone's  sitting around real quiet, and you could tell this is just the calm before  the storm. But I knew as soon as  I walk away, Ben was gonna come with me, and then things were gonna start  rolling and the bullets were gonna start flying and knives are gonna start  stabbing. -mm-hmm. -ben: Okay. Mm-hmm. -okay. -Jeremy: I mean,  like... Ben: Tonight, we want to break up the group of Parvati, Ethan and Rob. At this point, the  most dangerous person out of those three is Parvati. She knows how to bat  her eyes, smile her pretty teeth, and manipulate people to work with her. And that's why it's  scary to have her in the game as opposed to Rob or Ethan. I'm good with Denise,  and I’m good with Michele -and Jeremy. -yep. The five of us are  solid. The war has begun, and  I have an incredibly tall task. It is impossible to  vote somebody out in this group and not piss off somebody else. -or is it? -rob: I talked to Ethan  and parv, and they're on board. Adam: I think... -ben? -Adam: No. -i mean, do you want  to do Michele or Jeremy? -no. Are you open to any  other possibilities? [scoffs] you want to  go there? I'm open to it if...  Parv willcome for you in the long term. You know that. So, you guys are  voting for parv? -yes. -okay. Are you sure that you  have the numbers? For sure? I'm telling you. [sighs] oh, dude. Adam: As far as I’m concerned,  Parvati is going home tonight. But you do not go  against the Godfather. Am I gonna still be  able to be protected after? -yes. You know I have your  back 100%. -yeah, yeah. Yes, 100%. -yeah. -Adam: Boston Rob is  somebody that I would like to work with long-term. And strategically  telling people truths at important times can be very helpful. I did it in  millennials vs. Gen x. This is our game. I trust you 100%. Adam: It has backfired  on a lot of people who have played this game, but I think it will work. Rob: Adam is gonna  blindside Parvati, and I’m supposed to be okay with that. I'm thinking, "is  this kid crazy?" I know he's seen me play on tv. He's seen every  episode. He knows everything. I don't play like  that. -Michele: Hey. -what do you guys  think? We're just talking  through, like, the Adam versus Denise versus Ben scenario. Never mind that. We know that's fake. -well... -i know  what's up. -i for real... I for  real know what's up. -what's up? Okay. -what's up? -okay? Adam told me. I'm in on it. -like, I know... -Michele:  What you just said over there. I know, I know the  plan to blindside parv. I know it. And what I’m saying is  -if we go together... -it's not happening. -huh? -Jeremy: It's not  happening. Parv is not going  anywhere. Michele: We were  literally just talking about that. Let's blindside Adam. Rob: Adam thinks...  Look at me. Look at me. He thinks me and him  are like that. -fine. -are you good with  that? Yeah, I guess we  could. Rob: Adam's forcing my  hand. If somebody's coming  after one of my alliance members, I’m coming after them. He told me the whole plan. -Parvati: He told you  it's me? -he told me it's you. -he told you it's me? -i'm supposed to be  good with it. All right, if we're  voting Adam, I’m down to do that. Because Adam broke the  cardinal rule of Survivor and he told Rob, who's aligned with the person who  you're planning to blindside, me, I now know Adam's plan. Because Adam's trying  to blindside me, it's got to be Adam. So, then, we're all  going for Adam? I'm ready to pounce on  Adam, devour that guy and just spit out his bones on Edge of Extinction. Michele: Yeah. I think it has to be  one of them. -in my opinion. -you think parv? The Benefit of going Ethan...  -Ethan will be weakening Rob. -yeah. Right now it seems  absolutely essential that we break up the trio-- Rob, Ethan and Parvati,  because they're running the show. But it pisses me off  that Adam would go scurry on over to Rob and tell him the whole plan to vote Parvati  and throw me and Jeremy under the bus. So I could absolutely  take out Adam tonight. -give him a taste of  his own medicine. -Jeremy: Yeah. Michele: He thinks he  knows what's going on? Let's prove to him  that he can't play all... -every single side. -yeah. Yeah. Now I have to get the  wheels turning, and I have to start talking to people and figuring out what  the plan is. Adam told Rob everything. The hell? -dude, I know. -not cool. -not cool. -so, now what do we  do? Wow. Why would he do that? Adam's playing every  angle so that when... Michele: Me and Jeremy hold a lot of power tonight  because we're deciding the future of this tribe. We can either take out  one of the power trio or take out the person who's playing both sides, which  is Adam. I do feel pressure  coming into this season. People didn't think I deserved  my win, but I feel like I am proving that they were wrong. probst: Ben, as  a winner on a tribe of winners that is losing challenge after challenge, when  you get back to camp, is there a moment of, "okay, what is  happening?" Ben: We all know that changes need to happen. But we got back to  camp. There was probably about  40 minutes of silence where everyone just sat and stared at each other. No one wanted to get  up and-and fire the first shot. Probst: Jeremy, it's  like there's a problem, and you can sit there and wallow in it, but sooner or  later, somebody has to step up and say, "okay, let's start." Jeremy:  Yeah, we thought we were fine with the Danni vote. We felt like we were a  cohesive unit. And then now all  hell's gonna break loose. We got to go and try  to figure out what's the problem with this tribe and why we keep losing. Probst: Ethan, losing  does make unity very hard to find. And when you don't  have it, people, out of desperation, -start to just look out for themselves. -Ethan: Yeah. You know, certain  people are working with certain people, and information comes to you in a  variety of different ways. So you-you kind of got  to take care of yourself. -you know? -probst: Adam, that  seemed to connect with you. Adam: Yeah. Ethan sort of hit it,  which is everybody is close to somebody on this tribe. And so the concept of  coming together in one clean vote certainly isn't simple. There's always gonna  be somebody raising their hand, saying, "well, I don't want to vote for  that person." probst: So, Michele, how do you navigate who I actually  can trust even within a fractured tribe? I mean, it's kind of  like dating. -that's how I’m seeing  it right now. -[chuckles] like, the  people who make me feel really giddy, those are the people that I’m gonna  roll with. And hopefully, they  have the same feeling, and they choose me, too. Probst: Rob, is that a  fair analogy in that sometimes, it really is just a feeling, -a gut? -rob: Yeah. This is a game where  you have to trust someone, but inherently, you're not supposed to trust  anybody. So tonight, you have  to put your trust in other people and hope that they're gonna do the right  thing. And maybe they do,  maybe they don't. But you really don't  know until after you vote. Probst: Parvati, does  that bode well for you? It's a little  different for me, Jeff, because I’m walking around as, like, a billboard  target. If people want to work  with me, they have to want to work with me. It's like, do I want  to go this way, or do I want to go that way? I don't have that many  options. My name was definitely  thrown up today. Probst: Adam, do you  agree with Parvati that she might have a bigger target? Adam: Yeah, I mean,  when you have played the game a lot of times or there's a statue of you built  somewhere on this island, uh, then, you know, it... [chuckles] it's like  people will look at you, and that can either be -an opportunity or threat. -wow. Rob. I understand what he's  saying, but at the same time, by him saying that, he's playing the game. But nobody needs to  remind anyone. I-- like, -i-i don't  think... -that's what you're doing. -you're reminding  everyone. -no, no. No, but-but i'm... But  it's not like people don't already know it. And so maybe even by  saying it, like, it just states the obvious, -and then you can move on. -Rob [chuckles]: You're  helping me. -thank you. -no, i... Look, he has  a statue built of him. I'm not saying you  have to vote him out because of that, but it's the truth. Probst: Ben, it's a  tricky road to walk because you're really putting a lot in the hands of other  people. This alliance thing is  very new for me. Like, I don't know how  else to put it, but it's like a circle, and everybody's in their own little  bunker. Right? And people are jumping  up out of their bunker and talking. But everybody's still  pointed at each other. You know, I’m happy  with what bunker I have jumped in. I'm not in mine, but I’m  happy where I’m at. Denise: And, you know,  it wasn't just Ben. Like, if you could  have been on our beach observing today, you would have seen everybody jumping  in somebody else's bunker. We just don't know  whose bunker everybody else jumped into. Probst: Wow. Ethan, we started with  all these bunkers, and we can see each other, and now, suddenly, there are  some empty bunkers. Uh... I don't know  much about bunkers. -[all laugh] -i just  want to get through this vote. Like, this is the most  important moment for me right now, and I got to play -right now. -probst: So, does that  mean that you don't really think that much ahead? I do. I do, but, like, I can't  think too far ahead if I’m not in the game anymore. Probst: All right. It is time to vote. Ethan, you're up.  i'll go  tally the votes. If anybody has a  hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. I'll read the votes. First vote: Parvati. Adam. Adam. That's two votes Adam,  one vote Parvati. Adam. That's three votes Adam. Ethan. Ethan. That's three votes Adam,  two votes Ethan, one vote Parvati. Ethan. We're tied. Three votes Ethan,  three votes Adam, one vote Parvati. One vote left. Fourth person voted  out of Survivor: Winners at War... Ethan. Need to bring me your  torch. Ethan, the tribe  has spoken. Time for you to go. Good luck. captioning  sponsored by cbs captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org Survivor's  looking for new players. It could be you. Apply now. Probst: Next time onSurvivor,  when there's a snake in the grass... Michele: Adam is playing both sides, and  I’m so sick of it. ...that's ready to  strike... We're gonna get popped one at a time. ...the venom could  leave you paralyzed. -Amber: Hello? -hello. It's Ethan. Danni: Shut up. Ethan [chuckles]: I think  my alliance with boston Rob and Parvati didn't go so well. I'm not afraid of Edge  of Extinction because i've been to the Edge of Extinction having to go  through cancer, so I think I have the mental strength to get through it. [roars]