<br/>Rob: I feel bad. I feel bad for Ethan. Good move. Well played. Adam, sorry buddy. Adam: Oh, man. Tribal council was  tough. I thought Parvati was  going home. But I revealed... My  alliance's plan to boston Rob. And he betrayed me. Adam told me the plan  to vote you off and I blew it up to everybody, 'cause I told them that Adam  was a rat, playing both sides. -well, thanks for  having my back. -yeah. Adam: I got left out  of the vote by the people that I was supposed to be aligned with. I just did everything  that you're not supposed to do in Survivor and I had the hubris to think that  I could get away with it. Right, it was stupid. It was really stupid. Now you see what happens  if you leak information... -right. Right. -...from our alliance. I was just castrated  in front of everybody. I was playing all  sides. And, unfortunately,  everybody knows it. And I’m lucky to be  here. I pooped my pants  tonight. I survived by one  vote. Now I feel like  everything has completely changed. So I need to make an  apology tour. I hope you feel like  you can trust me. And I deserved every  vote that I got tonight. I'm certainly not  gonna go back with Rob and Parvati. I will not work with  them. I will not work with  parv. -you know what I mean. -yeah. Ben: Adam is that  little weasel that's sneaking through the bushes, and whispering in  everybody's ear. You know? And that's not good  for my game. However, he's very  lucky that the biggest threats in the tribe are boston Rob and Parvati. Well, they're gonna  try to do some stuff. All we got to do is...  I don't know. Rob and parv. It's Rob and parv. Ben: They're good at  what they do. And if you give them  too much rope, they're gonna grab a loop and put it around your neck and hang  ya. We'll figure a way out  of it, you know what I mean? -right. -you know. Yul: Morning! Day ten. Whoo! -[laughs] that's  right. -no, really. -we're good. -yeah. Yeah, we made it. Yeah, man, I’m pumped. Yeah, that's awesome. Yul: Tony! Yay! [all chuckling] Yul: In  the game ofSurvivor, these happy times are just as important as the war  times. We're getting food,  we're bonding with one another, we're winning the challenges. All of that just kind  of builds on top of each other and the cumulative effect is that we're just  on a roll. Tony: We're just  eating all kinds of fancy-shmancy exotic foods out here. -[laughter] -Yul: Right  now, we all like each other and can still continue with this illusion that  we're all tight with one another. But in reality, me and  Nick, Wendell and Sophie, we are the strongest alliance within this tribe and  I don't think anyone's suspecting that that's the case. So right now, I feel  good. Like, I have maximum  range of options in front of me. Nick: There's somebody  out standing at the Edge of Extinction. Well, that sucks. Sophie: I remember in  high school, they thought it would be a good idea to take our class on a trip  to the prison, and have us see what it looks like when you're a prisoner. And it scared the crap  out of us. And I think looking at  Edge of Extinction, you know, it really scares me, because I imagine people  are miserable. And so, it's kind of  like a daily reminder that the good times here are a facade. Amber: What do  we have here? It was an exciting  morning when I saw a box waiting for us at the mast. But that exciting  feeling is also that sick-to-your-stomach feeling, like, "oh, boy. What's in store for us  today?" [whooping] [whistles] [Natalie gasps] -for one fire token, 20  trips? -Ethan: Ah! -oh, my God. -up and down? -we take one piece at  a time? -come on! Wait, there's more. To even fathom going  up and down 20 times while carrying a log-- yeah, that sick feeling that I had  when I first saw that box was right on. This is not gonna be  fun. Ethan: Yeah. Natalie: Oh, my God. Amber: Nobody knew  what 20 trips was gonna feel like. -[all panting] -Ethan:  Yes. Amber: And then you  think, "i'm at the top of the steps, so i've gotten, like, a big chunk  over with." oh, no, no, no. That's just, like, a  tease. Natalie: What?! Oh, my God. [exhales] oh, I can  see the wood! Right there. Natalie: Oh, my God. -[panting]: Yeah. -Ethan: Cheers. First trip up the hill  was pretty good. So, in my mind, I think,  "oh, 20 times. This isn't gonna be so  bad."  I mean, i've done marathons. I played professional  soccer. I've been through  cancer. We have till sundown  to do this? Yeah, piece of cake. it was like  running a marathon. [takes deep breath]  and i've seen way too many people run races and just go too fast out of the  gate. you're running  on no sleep, and no food, and very little water. But Natalie, she-- I don't  think she's human. [panting] she kept the  same pace the whole time. Natalie-- she's a  monster. Natalie: I have been  so dominant here, my bank account balance is three fire tokens. It's like, I don't  want to get greedy, but I want as many fire tokens as possible. [spits] Ethan: I mean,  she's a crossfit trainer, so I expected her to be strong and fit, but... She  is a beast. And, for me, self-doubt  crept in around log ten. Definitely. I wanted to be first,  and then I scrapped that concept, and then I realized I just got to get it  done. [Natalie panting]  [sniffles] this is the hardest thing i've ever done. Both emotionally and  physically. Danni: It's like, I try  to compare it to childbirth, but like, in childbirth, you at least get a baby  afterwards. Like, here, you get a  fire token. Amber: I just  kept thinking, "i want this to be over with. I want this to be over  with." I was completely depleted. I had nothing left in  me. You okay? -stop. Sit. -yeah. No, I just did. It's a tough challenge  right now. And I’m struggling to  get through it. So, I got to finish by  sundown. So, I’m going as fast  as I can. I'll go until my legs  collapse. Or the sun goes down. I may not finish,  but... I'm not gonna stop. Yeah. Yeah? Ethan: I’m so, like,  disappointed in myself. Like, I just wanted  to, like, complete this for myself. I had already put in  16 trips. I had four more  trips... To finish this thing. I just did not want to  quit. -Ethan. -what's up, guys? -proud of you, dude. -keep going, keep  going. Good. I feel great. -yeah? -okay. I wanted to set a good  example for, like, everyone who's been through a health challenge and thinks  they can't do it anymore. Like, you can do it. You can get through  those hard moments. And I just sucked it  up. Like, I kept saying to  myself, like, "remember when you were, like, "getting spinal taps,  when you were getting radiation," and I started saying, like, the  mantras I was using when I was getting chemotherapy to kind of get me through  these hardest moments. Natalie  [panting]: I’m finishing this. Until the 20th piece  hit that pile of wood, i-i wasn't thinking about anything. I didn't think about  one emotional thing. And then it all just  came flooding in. [crying] [sobbing  softly] Amber: I just did probably one of the hardest things i've ever done  in my life and I just... I just needed to let it go. feel like rocky. Whoo! Yeah! I did it. Ethan: I was  like, "remember, seven years ago, "you were locked in a hospital  room, close to death." Danni: After seeing how much Ethan struggled, and  still pick himself up, it was... Inspiring, you know, it was incredible. And so, on that last  run for him, we felt like... We all need to be a part of that. Thank you. They all went with me  to finish the last leg, which was pretty touching. Oh... -[clapping]  -last one! -my final log. Whoo-hoo! Amber: I all of a  sudden realize the bond that we've created in this very short time. whoo! Amber: It's strong. And I felt it at that  moment, and it-- and it felt good. Whoo-hoo! That was something  i'll remember for the rest of my life. That feels good. -thank you, everyone. -nice job, guys. I honestly didn't  realize it's been that long since you and parv played. -how old are you? -um... -29? -29. Yeah, so you were 19  the last time I played. -yeah. I was... -nine the  first time. -yeah. -[laughs] -[laughs]  -what's your brother and sister thinking about you coming back down here? They're not happy about  it because, like, my first time, I really struggled with, like, some of the  backlash that I got. For what? Well, my win was super  controversial. Let me tell you  something. -if you win, you win. The end. -yeah. [laughs] oh! -damn. -good game. Michele: Good game. Do you want to start  rice? Ben: Were you able to  wash the pot yet? Adam: I got it. I'll take it. Ben: Thank you, Adam. Parvati: Thanks, Adam. Anyone else need  water? -yeah. -water, parv? Jeremy: All of a  sudden, Adam's the hardest working person on this island. Adam is acting like  one of my children. When they get in  trouble, they know you're disappointed in them. So they try to, uh,  soften things up. -soup? Coconut soup? -no. No? It's good. It's delicious. -no? Really? For real? -no, thank you. Yeah. Jeremy: Obviously, Adam  is-is trying to save his own hide. He's already changed  around camp today. Like, Adam's pitching  in. Jeremy: And as long as  Adam doesn't go back to his old ways, being sneaky and playing both sides, we  will keep him around. Oh! [groans] it's the  worst. Yep. So now that it's just Rob  and i, on the bottom, it doesn't mean that we're gonna lay down and die. You know, Ethan sent  me his fire token, and with this comes a bit of a responsibility to avenge  his blindside. Now, like, what's your  agenda? You're just gonna play  puppy? For now. We could flip it back  and start over. Adam: No, they already  see me as sketchy. If they see me  maneuver and try to call shots, i'll be gone the next day. I mean, I can say it  anyway, Adam. Who knows the truth in  this game? You know what I’m saying? Adam: Rob and Parvati  are trying to get me to make a mistake, to say something that I shouldn't,  but I’m not gonna give them the satisfaction, nor the ammunition. Rob: Adam's not saying  anything. That's fine. Adam, I’m sorry, but  at the end of the day, this isSurvivor. I got to lie, buddy. What should I do about  Adam? 'Cause he keeps trying  to talk to me. You know what I mean? I'm like, "man,  you already done them. "you already done  me. What do you want me to  do?" so I’m just trying to hear him, but not, like, you know, go there. Michele: Yeah. Wow. Adam went and opened  his big mouth again. He's playing both  sides over and over and over again. I'm so sick of it. So what name would you  feel comfortable with right now? Right now, it's Adam. Know what I mean? Adam is definitely a  liability. He can't switch it  off. He can go. I-i can't keep  babysitting him and keeping him around and it's driving me crazy. I'm done with it. [bird screeching] no. Okay, ready? [indistinct chatter]  no, like, go... -no, I’m not doing that. -no, do it. -do it, do it, do it. Come on. -i will not do that. -come on. -you really want  12-hour-old -clam breath and six-day-long nothing? -ah, okay. [chuckles] yeah. Sarah: I think with  everybody being a veteran player, we've come back and... We're taking  advantage of our playground. I'm having the most  fun i've ever had out here. Ty-son, ty-son, ty--  oh! -[laughs] -i almost  punched myself in the face. [laughter] infinite. Sarah: At this point,  I know people don't trust Tyson. But, surprisingly, Tyson  and I have this bond, and it's-it's great. Favorite person in the  whole wide world? -Sarah, for me. -Tyson, for me. Okay. Sarah: We mesh so well  together. And those are the  types of people that you rely on. -what's up, dudes? -you gonna go catch  some fish? I'm gonna get a clam. How many clams do you  want for dinner? I'm not... -you  want...? -one would be  wonderful. -so one for each of  you? -no. We'll share. Tyson: The game is  getting tricky. It's eerily calm. But I know that gaming  is going on nonstop. [both shouting] Tony:  Whoo! T-bone! Tyson: If I sit back  and think about the tribe, the bigger threats are going after each other,  and... The people who are less connected, or who have only played the game  one time, they're not even on anybody's radar. People like Wendell, Nick,  Yul and... I don't even know who the last one is. Sophie. So under the radar  that I did not even know her name. The people who are not  connected are pitting us against each other. They want the people  with connections gone. So if you think about  it right now, there's you, Sandra and Sarah. We all have  connections. Kim's connected to me. None of those other  players have any type of connection like that. We're gonna get popped  one at a time. Sandra: I’m pretty  much just listening and saying like, "oh, for real? Dang." but it's  shady and it's a lie. So what he's trying to  do is save himself any way that he can. Listen, at the end of  the day, i'll do whatever it takes as long as it's not me. I know, but it's gonna  be you pretty damn soon -if it's me and Tony. -mm-hmm. You're going next. Sandra: You know what,  Tyson? You threw the first  stone, 'cause you came after me days ago, so I need Tyson to go. Tyson, you better hope  we win this challenge, 'cause you're in deep doo-doo. probst: Dakal,  getting your first look at the new Sele tribe. Ethan voted out at the  last tribal council. All right, let's get  to it. First things first. Sarah, I got to take  it back. Once again, immunity  is back up for grabs. For today's challenge,  four tribe members will be attached to a boat with three others in it. On go, you'll jump in  and pull the boat to a tower. You'll climb up, leap  off, retrieve keys. you'll use those  keys to unlock puzzle pieces. first tribe to  solve their puzzle wins immunity, safe from the vote. In addition, you're  playing for a reward. Want to know what  you're playing for? All: Yes. -four egg-laying  chickens. -chickens. Losers, tribal  council, where somebody will be the fifth person voted out of Survivor: Winners  at War. Dakal, you have two  extra people. Who you gonna sit out  of this challenge? Sandra, you didn't  even hesitate raising your hand. -i don't mind. -you gonna rename her  Bench, Jeff? The Sandra Bench? Ooh. -i like that name. -[laughter] oh, no,  she's not hurting my feelings. -she's proud of it. -probst: Okay. Who's gonna be -the  other sit-out? -right here. Right here, Jeff. Probst: Tony. All right. Sandra, Tony, take a spot  on the Sandra sit-out Bench. -yay! -[others chuckling]  probst: Everybody else, give you a minute to strategize. We'll get started. all right, here  we go! For immunity and  reward! Survivors ready? Go! It's Rob, then Michele  and Jeremy in the water for Sele. Sarah, Wendell, Tyson  and Yul for Dakal. Four tribe members are  pulling that boat with three tribe members inside. Takes a lot of effort  to do this. They're swimming out  to this ring, and that will line your boat up with the tower. All right, go, Sophie. Probst: Sophie up  first for Dakal. There goes Denise for Sele. Kim: Go, Sophie, go. Probst: You are up  there high. That's okay! -that's okay! -Sophie misses! A big setback for Dakal! Oh! Probst: Denise misses! Now it's Parvati going  for it. -go get it, Nick! -probst: Nick goes for  Dakal! He's got the first  ring! Both tribes failed in  their first attempt. Parvati going up. Can she get it done? Parvati just misses! It's gonna be Kim now  for Dakal, going for that second key. -yes, Kim! -yes, Kim! -she's got it! Dakal in the lead once  again! -come on, Adam. -here goes Adam. Can he be the first to  get a key? -come on, Adam. -go! Go! Probst: And he's got  it! And a big fall by Adam! But it doesn't matter. -he got what he  needed! -go, Nick. Go, Nick. -[cheering] -Nick has  the third and final key -for Dakal! -good job, guys! -you got it. -Sandra: Help him in  the boat! -probst: Dakal can  start heading back. -oh! -probst: Parvati tries  -and misses again! -you're okay. Dakal once again in  the lead. -let's go, Adam. -probst: Adam trying  to keep Sele in it. -he's got it! -yes! Adam has the second  key for Sele. You're good! -take those sashes  off! -hold the boat! Hold the boat! -hold the boat! -probst: Two people on  the puzzle! -get your sash! Probst: You can start! -Parvati going for  that third and final key for Sele. -come on, baby. Come on, baby. Probst: They're still  in this. Parvati jumps! She misses! It is Nick and Sarah  working on the puzzle for Dakal. It's coming down to Adam. Come on, Adam. -[grunts] -probst: Adam  falls short! Nick did this puzzle  in the season david vs. Goliath, and he won  solving this puzzle. Come on, Adam. We know you can do  this. Probst: Adam has got  to find something else in that tank -and leap a little higher. -come on, Adam. Fall, ya! -oh, my God! -and he misses again! -Sele continues to  struggle. -it's okay. -the four swimmers can  only wait in the water... -just like that. -...as Dakal continues  to work on the puzzle. -keep-keep it up,  guys. -keep it up. -Adam, we need you  right now. -Adam: I know. -probst: It is so  important -who you put in which position. -come on, buddy. And, right now, Denise,  Parvati and Adam -are struggling to get that third and farthest key. -dig deep! Get it! [whooping] [grunts] Adam  just misses by inches! -this is a disaster  for Sele! -can you go again? Probst: Absolute  disaster. Dakal, one piece at a  time, is inching -closer and closer to solving this puzzle. -hold on, hold on,  hold on. I got it. -come on, bubba! Hey, hey. Dig. -come on, Adam! -dig. -this is it, baby. This is it. -i'm trying, guys. I'm trying. -[panting] I got it. -you got it, you got  it. Come on, brother. You can do it. -[panting] -probst: Everybody  out here knows what it takes to win this game. And it's moments like this  -when you cannot give up on yourself. -you got this, bub. We need you, we need  you, we need you. -you got it. This is it, Adam. -probst: This has  become one of the biggest blowouts ever on Survivor. -focus on the buoy. Focus on the buoy. -focus-- jump for the  buoy. -jump for the buoy. -not the key, the  buoy. Probst: Ben, Rob, Jeremy,  Michele continue to be enthusiastic tribe mates, -even as hope is dwindling. -get the buoy, Adam. -yes! Yes! -probst: And he's got  it! Adam continues to  fight! -and it paid off! -Sandra: Okay, they  got the key, guys. -they got the key. They finally got it. -chop-chop. Probst: And Sele's got  to move quickly to stay in this! Whoop! Okay, that-that goes  on top of it, to the left. Probst: Sele pulled it  off, and now there's enthusiasm again. Two people on the  puzzle once you're out of the water! Let's go. It's gonna be Rob and Michele,  same puzzle duo who struggled -in the last challenge. -you got it. Rob has lost two  challenges in a row on the puzzle. -this one! -probst: It would be a  huge comeback for Sele right now. They have got to move  quickly, and they have to be right -much more often than they are wrong. -can you get this up? Yep, just like that. -probst: The stakes  will not work. -yep, yep. -yep. -and Dakal can feel  that pressure now. They had all the time  in the world. Sele quickly catching  up, -one piece at a time. -yes. -yes, yes, yes. -look at this! -all of a sudden, we  have a challenge! -move it over one! -move it over one! Move it over one! -here. Probst: This is where  panic can creep into Dakal. -this was their  challenge to win. -yes. Probst: How could it  be that Sele's back in? -pass it. -that's it, that's it,  that's it. -yes. -yes. Another piece by Sele. And now Dakal is  taking their puzzle apart! All right, stick...  That side, that side. Another piece by Rob. Rob, Rob, what about  this? -it is now Sele in the  lead of this challenge! -yes, yes, yes. Dakal is taking their  entire puzzle apart! Right here, right  here. A puzzle that Nick has  already done and won. -yes. -from one disaster on  one tribe to a disaster on the other, Sele is inching closer and closer to  pulling off one of the biggest comebacks in the history of this game. Another piece by Sele. -oh, my God! -probst: And another. To-to the right! -oh, my God. Oh, my God! -yes! -[cheering] -Sele has  done it! An incredible  comeback! Sele wins immunity,  sending a stunned Dakal to tribal council. -we did it! -we did it! -probst: What just  happened? We did it. We did it. -mwah! Mwah! -[laughs] -oh, my God. Ben: Hey, good job, Sele,  everybody, not to give up. Good job. Never give up. Sele, first time in a  while. Immunity is yours. Whoo! Nobody going home from  Sele. No tribal council  tonight. In addition, four  egg-laying chickens will be waiting for you back at camp. Enjoy the night off. Swim out. -whoo! -[laughter]  all  right, Dakal, tribal council tonight, where somebody will be the fifth person  voted out of Survivor: Winners at War. Swim out and see you  tonight at tribal. Adam: My mom told my  teachers when I was in the eighth grade, "when Adam decides "that  he is going to do something "or accomplish something, there is  absolutely no stopping him." and she was right. [buzzing] I’m sorry,  you guys. I felt really  confident -at a puzzle, man. -i know. You did the best you  could. Tyson: We got back to  camp, and it was pretty standard fare. Like, everybody pats  the puzzle makers on the back and says, "it's not your fault." it  is. I mean, it was their  fault. But that's great for  me, because I need Nick out of the picture. Nick? -have you mentioned  this to anyone else yet? -no. -no. -okay. What do you think? Yeah. Tyson: Nick doesn't do  much. He's not helpful at  camp. He blew the puzzle. And he's one of these  unconnected players that I want out of the game. You feel good -about  that? -i feel fine about it. I mean, -he doesn't  produce at camp. -yes. Yul: He literally just  consumes. -mm-hmm. 'Kay. -and he kind of  flubbed the challenge today. -all right, cool. -good. Nobody wants to make  the first move, but I need to start dictating the direction of my game. Everything's on Nick. Yeah, as long as it's  not me. I want to just go with  the majority. Tyson: It's an easy  vote. The entire tribe's on  board. And it's back to  kumbaya. It's Nick. We got, like, -seven  people, and... -you-- all of those guys said yeah? You-you, too? -all right. -all good. -Tyson: Everybody. Is it that easy  though, guys, man? -it's that easy this  time. -it can be, it can be. If all of them are  saying yes, man... -they're all saying yes. -okay. -seems too easy. -it does. That's what scares me. I'm worried this whole  thing was too easy. It's gonna keep us the  most united. And there's gonna be a  unanimous vote. -i don't think he sees  it coming either. -right? Yeah. Wendell: Tyson is one  of the greats. This is his fourth  time playing. But he doesn't know  what's going on. All of our eyes are on  Tyson. He's kind of a dead  man walking. -Tyson. -okay. Wendell: Tyson is the  biggest threat on this beach, because he's well-connected on the other side. If we were to merge or  swap or anything, once he links up with Rob and maybe parv, they could do a  lot of damage together. All right. Why does he want to go  for me? -he thinks you won't  see it coming. That's why. -you won't see it  coming. Nick: Tyson's a  troublemaker. He's got it out for  me. You know, it-it kind  of sucks, 'cause Tyson was, like, one of my favorite players. But now it's like a  war. He's coming after me,  -and I’m coming after him. -he's been gunning for  me ever since day one. I don't know why, but  I don't like it. His ass has got to go. I feel like I’m in  with everybody. But... I-i'm  definitely nervous. Everybody here's won  the game. And everybody here  knows how to lie good. -don't worry, man. You're good. -[groans] no, no,  you're good. Nick: People can say  whatever they want. But until they  actually prove it with a vote, you don't know where people stand. Tyson: We got to stick  together, Tony. You and I are about  equal-sized targets out here, I think. -[stammers]  absolutely. -Sandra's maybe a  tee-- little bit smaller target but not by much. Yep. If you and I would  have really gone after each other, -then we would have gotten popped. -yeah. -let's say I went the  first vote. -yeah. -and then I go next one. -you go next. -they got the numbers. -now they've got the  numbers. They are way--  whichever way they go. Which is a little bit,  uh... [chuckles] concerning. Tony: So far, it's  been real smooth for me. And that's why I’m in  a tricky situation right now. If it was up to me, I would  rather get rid of Nick, 'cause Nick is really not a threat. He's my number, but  he's not a shield. Tyson is a shield, and  he can be a number. When one of us goes,  it's just gonna be a frenzy -to get all the targets out. -yep. Tyson is more of a  target than I am. I'm just hiding behind  him. And-and I don't want  to lose him. I don't want to lose  him. ...where does that  leave us? Me, you and Sandra. Our only shield in  this tribe right now -is Tyson. That's it. -is Tyson. Anyone who's connected  is gonna go sit -at extinction. -yeah. -i'm for sure locked  with you, -okay. -me, Tony and Tyson. -okay. -are you good with  that? -yes. Yeah. Sarah: I talked to Kim. She is solid with  this. Tony's right. The big threats. We need to band  together 'cause we're being bamboozled. Kim and I are 100% on  board. The problem is it all  hinges on Sandra. If Sandra's not on  board, the plan doesn't work. -Tony: Anything to  talk about, Sandra? -Sandra: No. I'm just trying to  think what's better for us. Okay, but I’m nervous  about that, because if we wipe out somebody like Tyson, the next one could  probably be me, or it could be you, or it could be Sarah. I... I think... Yes. If we don't swap, you  think they're gonna say, "let's get rid of Kim"? No way. They're gonna break  one of us up. Sandra: Tony's right. We'd be stupid to let Tyson  go because he's a bigger target than we are. But I don't trust Tyson. I think he's ...  Dangerous. Oh, man, he is. But if he goes, I think  they'll target us. We got to think, okay? That's all I’m asking. Just think about what  I’m saying. Sandra: I've had  issues with Tyson since he threw my name out there, but i've never allowed  emotion to control my game. I like revenge, but at  the end of the day, I love $2 million even more. probst: All  right. Tony, what's the state  of this tribe -right now? -Tony: Jeff, I know  it's hard for you to believe anything we say over here in tribal council,  but, uh, believe this tonight that the bonds that we all form together on a  personal level by far surpasses anything on a game level. So tonight, as hard as  it is to vote somebody off, it's a little bit more clear-cut on a game level. Probst: Yul, one of  the hallmarks of your season was your approach: Number crunching and laying  things out. And the game was very  early. You were an architect  way back when. But with only one  tribal under your belt, it can't be as simple as, "let me just do some  quick math here and figure out where the vote's gonna go." [chuckles]: Yeah,  I haven't been doing a lot of math lately. [all laugh] um, look,  at any moment in time, there'll be various groups of people who feel closer  to other than other groups of people. That's absolutely  true. And the problem is if  you expose them in a hard vote, they cement those lines, and they limit your  options because we haven't had to, like, take that instamatic photo that  shows what the lines are at that point in time, because those lines can  change. And we want them to be  able to change. Probst: So, Sophie, Yul  is saying, "what we'd like to do is avoid revealing that there are  groups within the group." that makes the vote critical because you have  to keep this facade going. Sophie: And not only  that, but eight of us have to be accurate in choosing the one person who is  not gonna stay in that facade at the time of a swap or a merge. Who's the person that  we can all unite against to make that facade, however unreal it is, as real  as possible -when we get to that swap? -Nick: And i'll tell  you right now, if I end up with you on another tribe, I’m with you. Just know that. -me, too. [laughs] -me, too. -me, too. -me, too. -same. -me, three. -see? -me, too. -for sure. -probst: Sandra, it's  a great pitch so long as you're in the group of eight. Sandra: Jeff, some  people have plans, and some might just say, "hey." like me. I'm gonna do what  everybody else wants to do, because at the end of the day, when we go back to  camp, I want us to be back happy again. Probst: Tyson, Sandra's  saying, "i'm pretty much good with anything "as long as it doesn't  involve the letters -s-a-n-d-r-a." -[laughs] yeah. That's definitely  something you can count on, and Sandra is the most solid person in Survivorhistory  at that strategy. I mean, what, this is  her fourth time? And that's the way it  works out. Probst: It is  interesting, Yul, that you've watched these people play. Does that impact how  you relate with each other? Yul: The one thing  that's really struck me is, like, the reality of who they actually are is  very different from what I thought coming into the game. I mean, like, Tony -i  thought was gonna be an ... -[all laugh] -oh, wow. -Yul: Tony's actually  a really caring person. Like, people like him. Probst: Kim, is there  a little bit of idolatry that can happen in a season not only with returning  players, returning winners? Kim: Yeah, for sure. Like, I’m starstruck  with certain people that i've watched on tv, having been a huge fan of the  game since I was in high school. [all laugh] and you're  one of them. Probst: Sophie, how  does that shift when it's time to vote somebody out? I think it's a... It's  a real problem. Like, I am starstruck  by half of our tribe. Like, what is, you  know, the glossy headline that you've read about Tyson, about who Tyson is? Or, like, "well, Sandra  wouldn't want to talk to me. Like, she's the  queen." and I think that it is critical that we become less starstruck  by each other and see each other for who we are here at this moment. Tyson: I think that  could also work the other way. Maybe there's people  here who say, "that's my idol, and I’m gonna take him out of this game,  "and now I’m gonna show everybody at home that I voted my Survivoridol  out of Survivor." probst: Sarah, that's the other side. You can so focus in on  the kill that you get credit for that you can have your game thrown off. Sarah: Right. You are excited to  take down, you know, the trophy. Someone like the  queen. -and... -which you've  done before. [all laugh] Sarah: Yeah,  I mean, that one's hanging in my living room. [laughs] probst: Sandra,  do you ever get starstruck? -no. With this group? -[all laugh] -no. -probst: Nick, as a  newer winner, -ever starstruck? -Nick: Absolutely. I mean, Parvati was my  crush in high school, and, like... [laughs] I still haven't met her, but I hear  her giggle over on the other mat. I'm like, "no,  she's married now. Like, focus on the  game." [chuckles] [all laugh] but, like Sophie said, that's something  that we have to control because it's almost, like, leading to a lack of  confidence in myself as a player in this game. And the other thing  that makes me uneasy is that I feel responsible for the loss, so I feel like  I’m the reason we're here tonight. So, what do you try to  do to make sure it's not you? Nick: very good  question. Um, I was told a plan,  and that's what I want to do, and I hope that's the way it goes tonight. Who else would agree  that they were told the plan? -[laughs] -Sophie: Is  everybody's -hand raised? -Tyson: Yeah. Probst: Tyson, all  this trust and loyalty and invisible lines... We're all on exactly the same  page, and that makes us all on different pages, maybe. Probst: All right. It is time to vote. Yul, you're up. [whispering]: I’m  really sorry. Tyson should be going  home tonight. I'm super afraid that  he has an idol. I hope you forgive me. i'll go tally  the votes. anybody has a  hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. I'll read the votes. First vote: Nick. Kim. Tyson. Tyson. That's two votes Tyson. Tyson. That's three votes Tyson,  one vote Nick, one vote Kim. Tyson. That's four votes Tyson. Fifth person voted out  of Survivor: Winners at War... Tyson. That's five. That's enough. Need to bring me your  torch. It's too easy. I should've seen it  coming. -sorry, brother. -Tyson: It's okay. Tyson, the tribe  has spoken. Time for you to go. Kim [whispers]: Oh,  man. "bequeath  your fire tokens to any player still in the game." rather just swallow  it. Let's see. There's a fire token  from your hero, Nick. Captioning sponsored  by cbs captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org Survivor's  looking for new players. It could be you. Apply now. Probst: Next time onSurvivor...  Everybody drop your buffs. We are switching  tribes. Rob: This is the part  of the game that I really don't like too much. But hopefully, the  cards fall in my favor. Michele: Oh, my God. How the heck did I get  stuck stranded on an island with my ex-boyfriend? [laughs] Tyson: It's  for sure a bummer being voted out, but the Edge of Extinction does take a  little bit of the sting out of it. What's up, guys? I assume it's just  gonna be living the aloha lifestyle 24-7. Pina coladas, perhaps. Dude, you guys have so  much -firewood and stuff. -oh. Oh! [others chuckling]  [roars]