<br/>Sandra: Day 12, ladies. Another morning on Winners  at War. Nick: It's a great day  to be alive. Yeah. [chuckles] Nick: I was  so relieved to have Tyson out of here. Tyson was the only guy  rocking the boat, and, to get rid of him, it really feels like we're a  cohesive unit now. Yes. I'm so happy. And on top of that, I was  looking in my bag this morning, and I found... This parchment here. There's a fire token  from your hero, Nick. Nick: This definitely  changes my opinion of Tyson in the game a little bit. I think, in another situation,  I would really love to work with Tyson. And maybe that  situation will come up, and-and this could be like a token of appreciation. And, hey, I don't take  this lightly. 100%. He and I are very  close friends. Wait, what's the deal  with his wife? Yul: Yeah. Oh, my God. It's so hard. -she can't breathe on  her own, so she's on assisted breathing. -Sarah: Oh, really? [sniffles] and she  can't swallow, so she needs 24-hour care. Jonathan's with her  all the time. They always have some  nurse or someone who's helping, 'cause she can't-- she literally can't do  anything by herself. Sarah: It's very sad. I just feel so bad for  them. I know jonathan  penner, because jonathan is someone I played with on cook islands. We've become very  close friends, and i've become close -with his family. -probst: Jonathan, say  hello to your wife, stacy. Jonathan: Oh... Yul: And  over the past year, his wife, stacy title, who's an amazing woman, was  diagnosed with als, lou gehrig's disease, and it's been an absolutely devastating  knockout punch. Stacy has lost control  of her-- most of her body, except for her eyes. And, I mean, there's  no cure right now. They're basically just  hoping that, in the next couple decades, they'll find a cure. They're under a  tremendous amount of strain, emotionally, financially. [voice breaks]: And it  just broke my heart. Sarah: I did not know  that's what als was. [sniffles] Yul: Obviously,  I have very strong feelings for jonathan, his wife, his family, and, you  know, I feel like no one deserves this. You know, if there's  something that I or others can try to do to help them, their kids, and  everyone else in that situation, I just feel like that's the least we can do. This season ofSurvivor,  I feel like I’m not just playing for myself or my own family but I’m playing  for something bigger than myself. -sorry. -do you want a hug? -yeah, sure. Thank you. -i'm sorry. [sniffling] Yul: I would  just love to use this opportunity, try to raise awareness of anyone whose  suffering from als and their families, who really are in need, you know, much  more than any of us are. Sele, getting  your first look at the new Dakal tribe. Tyson voted out at the  last tribal council. All right. Well, the last time we  were here, we divided into tribes. Seems like a good  enough reason to do it again. Everybody, drop your  buffs. -we are switching  tribes. -oh, wow. -oh, my God. What? Here we go, guys. Oh, my God. -stay blue, guys. -yeah. Stay true. Rob: This is the part  of the game that I really don't like too much. The first time this  happened to me was back inSurvivor: Marquesas. I had complete control  of my tribe, and they did a tribe swap. The next thing you  know, I’m on the bottom. And that was the end. But, hopefully, this  time, the cards fall in my favor. Oh, my gosh. I'm nervous. Season 40, Winners at  War, is about to change. Everybody, reveal your  new buff. Green. Probst: We are  switching from two tribes to three tribes. -blue. -no, what is this? This is... If you have  red, go to red. -green. Me and you, Rob. -probst: If you're  green, take a spot in the middle, in between the two other tribes. I'll go over here with  you blue goons. -Parvati! -yeah. Long time! -Nick: Oh, wow. -Michele: Oh, my God. How the heck did I get  stuck stranded on an island [laughs]: With my ex-boyfriend? Wendell and I dated  briefly, [laughs]: Which is a saga in itself. Even though our  relationship didn't necessarily work out, I’m hoping this can work a little  bit better than our dating. [indistinct chatter]  oh, my God! Hi, love. How are you? -i'm okay. -probst: All right,  let's take a look at our new tribes. Wearing blue, the new Sele  tribe is Parvati, Nick, Yul, Michele and Wendell. We have two former Sele  and three Dakal. Wendell, walk me  through this tribe. This is a big switch. I like that the, uh,  former Dakal have the numbers. But I think we're a  strong tribe. We might be able to  just win out. Probst: All right,  let's go to red, the new Dakal tribe. Two former Sele in Jeremy  and Denise. Three former Dakal in Tony,  Sandra and Kim. Sandra, you've been  through a lot of switches. What does this mean  for the game as a whole? Well, it's opportunity  to take certain people out if you have the numbers or... Well, I don't want  to say too much, Jeff, but I’m just happy -with this group. I'm happy. -[laughter] I’m happy. We got it going on. -cloud nine over here. -oh, man. Probst: All right, and  we have one new tribe in the middle, Yara. This tribe has three  former Sele members in Rob, Ben and Adam, and two former Dakal in Sarah and Sophie. Sophie, numbers aren't  on your side at first glance. What's the feeling? Uh, yeah, I mean,  obviously, it's, like, a little scary at first. I mean, we literally  have to go to work though. We have to build a  shelter. So that's-- -i mean,  my mind is a little more focused on that. -[laughs] probst: All  right. Sele, Dakal, Yara,  grab your stuff, head out. Start getting to know  each other. Adam: I should be  ecstatic by this swap, but I’m not, because this is a really fractured trio  of Ben, Rob and myself. We burned a lot of  bridges with each other, and that could be catastrophic to my game.  Denise: Oh,  my God. -seriously? -seriously? Tony: How do you think  we were kicking your ass in the challenges, man? -who did all this? -Kim: Wendell. Oh. -oh, my gosh. -come sit over here. -there's no place to  sleep. -'cause we got two  fires. -we got that one. -look at this. Yo, look at this. Jeremy: Oh, my God. The Dakal camp, it's  crazy. First of all, the  shelter is... Unbelievable. -oh, my God. -oh. Is it really that much  better? -it's horrible over  there. -we have no roof. Jeremy: So, I’m george  and Denise is weezy, 'cause we're moving on up. [chuckles] -maybe Jeff-Jeff  took it. -what's this, hot  peppers? -i-- hot sauce. -[chuckles]: Oh. -yeah, Wendell's been eating  that. Jeremy: But coming in  down three original Dakal to two Seles, I need to find who is on the outs in  that three. So, I would really  like to get a big glass, a nice big, tall beer, of information, so it can  quench my thirst for knowledge. I mean, potentially. What do you mean,  potentially? -i mean, yes. -oh, all right. [chuckles] you know  what I mean. -i got to be careful. -they said you're--  yeah. Kim seems like she's  been on the outs, and that's a good sign for me, 'cause that's the weak link  that I’m looking for. Kim: You, of all  people, I would love to just pick your brain -about, like, moving forward. -yes. Yes. Okay. I feel the same. Same. -i feel like we'd work  really well together. -i think we play  similarly, and I have not found that with anyone yet. -i think we need to...  -and I just, like-- okay. Same. Denise: I’m starting  to feel like maybe Kim's not as tight with Tony or with Sandra, or maybe  she'll be willing to either pull me in or that she's maybe willing to step  out and join maybe -Jeremy and i. -i'm so glad we had at  least -two minutes to-- 'cause i've been waiting... -same. Just so you know. -...for the moment. -same. Denise: There's a  little bit of a security, because I have an idol. But I feel safer just  with there being some options here, in terms of we may be down numbers, but I  don't think we're out. The more I think about  it, we need threats to protect us. The lions always go at  it all the time, and the hyenas come from the sidelines and-and win the game. They take out the big  lions when they're wounded. The biggest fear of a  swap is exactly what happened to Denise and Jeremy. They're on the bottom  of the numbers. But we have to be very  carefu, because there's gonna be hyenas in this game, there's gonna be the  lions in this game. Going to the merge  with Kim, all the girls will be looking at her. So she's my shield,  she's your shield. If the lions go  against one another, the hyenas are gonna come in and just clean up shop. And I don't want to  get eaten by a hyena. You feel good about  this? Tony: And when there's  five people, there's always one in the middle; and right now, in this tribe,  I believe it's Kim in the middle. I'm gonna try my best  to try to convince her, in order for our game to move forward, we have to stick  together. So what I’m thinking  is, if the big threats can stay loyal in this part of the game and get rid of  all the low-profile players, -we're in good shape. -Kim: Yeah. Yeah. -we're doing it, man. -no, no. I feel like it. -big 12, man. -i'm excited. -yeah? -Kim: I was agreeable  to Tony at the moment. You know, I’m staying Dakal  strong. But I’m not sure that  that's the best option for me. Tony: Sandra! [hooting] -Jeremy: Look  at that! -Denise: Killed it. -Tony: Good job, Kim. Sandra: Teamwork...  Others: ...makes the dream work. Oh, my gosh. Denise: It was a big  eel. -and it tastes good. -Kim: Tony and Sandra,  they're probably the people I had the least trust built with. And I do feel like I’m  making a connection with Jeremy and Denise. In this tribe, at this  moment, I am smack-dab in the middle. And that could be a  really good spot for me. Parvati: Welcome! We're very excited for  you guys to be joining Sele b. -oh. -wow. Nick: I think, if I was  able to pick my tribe, I couldn't have done a better job. Because I was super  tight with Yul and Wendell. They were probably my  two most trustworthy allies on Dakal. And on top of that, we  have a numbers advantage, so I won the lottery. This, uh... [chuckles]  this shelter of yours is cracking me up. Needs a little tlc,  i'd say. A lot of tlc. -a lot. -[chuckles] this is  cool though. You guys got it going  on over here. Yeah, I’m sure. So, basically, this is  fixer-upper. -oh! [laughs] -[laughter] I  got to roll my sleeves up. I got, I got a lot to do  over here. Parvati: Sele is  outgunned by the Dakal. And I am desperate to  find an opportunity for Michele and I to actually work our way in. -what is your wife's  name? -Sophie. It was funny. Um, yeah, she's  actually [laughs]: A big fan of yours. -really? -yeah. -i like her already. -my wife is a big fan. Yeah. -no, she... -Parvati:  So... I played with Yul before in cook islands, and Yul and I were never on  the same side. But he told me that  his wife loves me and that I’m her favorite player, so I think that's, like,  a little bit of an in with Yul. We did talk about you  for a minute. -but I’m so  embarrassed to say. -why? 'Cause... [chuckles]  they asked-- they were saying, like, who the Survivorcrush was, and I was  like-- I said, "Parvati was my high school crush." -[laughs] -oh,  my God. Nick! -that's why I didn't  want to say... -[laughs] and Nick told me that he had a crush on me when he  was in high school. So that was awkward. -well, I’m glad the  truth is out. -and then-- -yeah, the  truth's out. I knew I was gonna get  caught anyways. -thanks for coming  clean. -[laughs] -speaking of  awkward, Michele used to date Wendell, and I don't think they ended on good  terms. And then they're on  the same tribe. I don't know anything  about you. Not a thing. Except that you're a  builder. I build furniture. -Nick, tell me...  -whoa, whoa. -i was telling you  about myself. -tell me about  yourself. I-i'm a slow-- i-i  move slowly. Parvati: It's so--  i'm, like, cringing for her. I can't even imagine  having dated someone, having it ended badly, and then being on the smallest,  [laughs]: Tiniest tribe with them. Like, nowhere to hide,  nowhere to go. [clicks tongue]  [grunts softly] -sucks. -did you ever think  that? -sucks to be me. -did you ever think  you were gonna be stranded with me on a Godforsaken island? [laughs] -you didn't  think that when we started the relationship. -[laughs] nope. So... Okay. [chuckles] so, there  are people, there-there are people-- this is the season of, like, histories  and past relationships. That could be the  theme of this season, past relationships. And then you have  people that might have hung out together. Me and Michele kicked  it, you know? She'll-- we kicked it  before. So, yeah, everybody  has preexisting relationships out here. And, yeah, some of  mine will spill over into this game. Tragedy has befallen Sele. [both chuckle] Parvati:  To turn on each other. They're feeling great. They're so delighted  about how this went down. -Michele: It's so  annoying. -[chuckles] I’m getting  nothing from Wendell, nothing but bad vibes. -he, like, scolded me. -why? Because I was like,  "yo, wen, like, whatever." he's like-- he was like, "what, you  just want me to, like, come up to you and talk to you right away?" -yes. -i was like...  -"'kay." -wow. Michele: Wendell, when  he got here, he kept his distance from parv and i. And, honestly, I’m not  very surprised that he's playing this game like that, because that's how it  was in our relationship in the first place. I think he feels very  comfortable. -i think so. -that's my read. Michele: Wendell right  now is sending me the "you up?" text, and I just want to be like,  "new season. Who dis?" wasn't  it his fault that things went sour? Michele: Yeah. I just think he,  honestly, like-- he just thinks he's, like, such hot .... He really does. It's really hard to  have Wendell here and not have bad blood, because I want to be like,  "you've broken my trust in real life, and you hurt me because of  it." I would give my fire token and future fire tokens -for a knife  right now. -[laughs]: You would  give... -should we swim? -yeah. [sputters, laughs]: Yeah,  girl. Michele: Of course, I don't  want to get burned by Wendell again in this game like I got burned dating  him. This is a game for $2  million, and better believe that I can separate my relationship with Wendell  from playing this game, and I will take him out if that's necessary. -Sarah: Well,  all right. -ben: Well, this is  home now. Sarah: Desolate. -not a whole lot here. -wow. Ben: So, we arrive at Yara,  and it's not the prettiest of beaches that we've been to here in fiji. One, two, three. All: Yara! Ben: On paper, we  should be sitting pretty, right, with the three of us from Sele and then the  two gals from, uh, Dakal. Hi. I'm Ben. -hi. Sarah. -hi. Ben: But I’m here with  Rob and Adam, the two people that have blown up my game and... Lied to each  other and then told everybody secrets about each other, and it's just like...  [groans loudly] I can't get away. So, no. Well, this is what  happened. Tyson was gonna be the  vote, and Tyson said, "i'm loyal to you guys. I'll prove it. Let's vote Amber  out." he put Amber's name out there. -rob: So was Tyson  unanimous? -Sarah: Yes. -wow. -shall we go on an  adventure? -tree mail's that way. -water's that way. -let's do it. -yeah. -Sarah: I definitely  did not want to swap. We had a phenomenal  group at Dakal. Rob: Did anybody at  your tribe find the idol? -not that we know of. -not that we know of. Sarah: Right now, I have  the steal a vote advantage. So I can save Sophie  and I through one tribal. But it's not something  that I want to use unless necessary, because then i've got nothing. Ethan m-must-- that  must have surprised you guys, right? -Sarah: That one  surprised us. -Ben [chuckles]: Yeah. -yeah, it was just the  dynamics. -Adam: Me, too. [chuckles] Sarah: Was  that unanimous? -no. No. -no. -oh. -oh, really? -oh, my God. -yeah. -yeah, that was not. -Adam [chuckles]: Who  wants to explain that one? -well... -ben: Rob,  you want to take the wheel on this one? -Adam: Yeah, Rob, you  take... -me and Adam weren't in that one. -[Adam laughs] -oh,  really? -ben: Well, they were  in on it, but it basically came down to one vote between Adam -and Ethan. -Sarah: Oh, wow. -wow. -yeah. -yeah. But I didn't vote -for  Ethan. -what? -but... -Adam: I know. -i didn't vote for Ethan. I voted for Adam. -[laughs] -yeah. Yeah, yeah. -Sarah: Sophie and I are  asking the boys questions, and... You can feel the tension. -it was a lot. -Sarah: Yeah. -[Adam laughs] Sarah:  Either they're gonna stay blue strong, or are the boys three free agents for Sophie  and I to scoop one of 'em up? If the three of you  boys are tight, -Sophie and I are screwed. -no. Rob got blindsided by Adam. And Adam is a double  agent -and flip-flopped. -rob: Adam kind of got  his hand slapped because I ratted him out. Ben blindsided me. -yeah. -Rob tried to vote out  me. Rob tried to vote Adam  out. -okay. -and Rob was dictating  the whole beach. Ben and I have been at  odds. -yeah. -you know? Ben, I just don't want  to go home. -i know. No. -let's-- dude. -yes. -i'm-i'm with you. Okay. Sophie: Immediately,  our first conversation on the beach got me a little excited, 'cause I realized  there are cracks up the wazoo. The only thing that  scares me is that there are so many cracks that they're all gonna realize  their best option has to be to stay together. You start looking. Sophie: Everybody  assumed there's a hidden immunity idol at this beach, and it's gonna be  critical a-as to who finds it. I know. Rob: I mean, traditionally,  there's always a new hidden immunity idol at each beach. So we decided to go  look for idols here. I don't know anything  about idols. I'm pretty much  watching everybody else, 'cause I’m new to this. You found an idol  before, right? Rob: I found an idol  on redemption, but I had clues. I have a tough time  with the idol. I'm looking, I’m doing,  I’m trying to adapt and do what these new-school guys do, but I just have  very little experience. I'm not usually in  this spot, where I have more questions than answers. I usually have the  answers. But this is a tough  season. It's a tough game. Tough players. Good players. Smart, you know? I underestimated 'em  at first. I won't make that  mistake again. Did you guys already  find it or did I miss the... -opportunity? -hey, empty your  pockets. Empty your pockets. Yeah. No, no, no. Sophie: So, I emptied  my pockets with the rest of them, but I’m terrified, because I knew I can't  be seen looking happy. Because while the  whole group is looking for the idol, I found this lovely new bracelet. I was given half of Kim's  hidden immunity idol. And then I gave it  back to Kim before the swap. But I can now see Kim's  dilemma. You did? Oh, awesome. Where was it? Yeah. Okay. Uh-huh. Okay. Yeah. Sophie: I've never  really been able to read Sarah. But I really felt,  after giving her this half of the idol, she felt like, "this is a girl I  can work with to the end." [whispers]: This is awesome. I love you for that. Sophie: And being in  the minority position on a tribe that's really divided, that might even be  more powerful than the hidden immunity idol itself. Girl frickin' power. Good for you, soph. come on in,  guys! all right. First things first. Yul, take back the  immunity idol. Thank you. Once again, immunity  is back up for grabs. For today's challenge,  you're gonna race through a series of obstacles. You'll then use  sandbags to knock blocks off a ledge. You'll then stack the  four large blocks so that there are no repeating colors on any side. First two tribes to  finish win immunity, safe from the vote. Losers, tribal  council, where somebody will be the sixth person voted out of Survivor: Winners  at War. Your first challenge  as new tribes. Give you a minute to  strategize. We'll get it on. All right, here we go. For immunity. Survivors, ready? Go! This first stage is  under-over. You just got to launch  yourself. -go, go, go. -everybody knows every  second -counts in every challenge. -Parvati: Go, Michele. Sele out there quick. Yara out there quick. -come on, guys. -go, go, go. -probst: Now you got  to get everybody over. -come on. -but these ladders are  high. -rob: Go. -go. -probst: Yara quickly  getting over. Great teamwork. -Wendell: Go, parv. Go, parv. -it is Yara in the  lead. -Wendell: Go. -probst: Sele right  behind. Dakal the slowest  tribe out of the gate in this challenge, struggling to get up this thing. Sarah: Come on, Rob. Good job, Rob. Yara, you're good. You can start throwing  sandbags. -Sarah: Good job,  guys. -probst: Gonna be Ben  and Rob for Yara. -Sarah: Nice work. -Adam: Nice. -nice. -Wendell: Come on, Yul. -come on. -probst: Yul's over. -you're good. -Wendell: Go. -Parvati: Go, Nick. -Sele and Yara in the  lead. -all right, let's go. Kim: All right, Jeremy,  I’m good. Probst: Dakal still  working on it. -j. J. -probst: Tony trying  to help Jeremy now. Dakal in dead last. -go, go, go. -go. Ben with a nice shot  for Yara. Here comes Dakal now. Dakal now with Kim. Nice. Good, Wendell. Sarah: Nice job, Rob. Rob knocks another  block off. -Adam: Nice. -nice work. -Ben with another hit. -yes. -probst: Yara has all  their blocks off. -go, go, go! -Yara has been in the  lead -from the beginning. -Sarah: Good job,  guys. Now you're looking for  no repeating colors on any side. Yes. Nice, Wendell. Sele knocks a block off. Nice. Probst: There's  another block for Sele. -nice! -Kim with a nice hit  for Dakal. -red, red. -two greens. Right there, Adam. It's Adam and Sophie  on the puzzle for Yara. No progress yet. -flip it. Flip it, then. -we already have three  reds, and it's the only way it can go. -probst: Nick  launches. -yes! -yes, Nick. One block left for Sele. Come on, guys. Probst: Nick trying to  get it done. You got it, Sele. You're good! Go! We're looking for two  finishers. So long as you are not  last. Dakal continues to  struggle in this first challenge with new tribes. -that doesn't work. -rob: What's on top? -rotate it. Rotate it. -um... Sophie and Adam  struggling right now. -nope. -no? -let's just... -no. -okay. -probst: Parvati and Wendell  for Sele. Dakal. -nice, Tony. -probst: Tony with a  nice hit. Kim. Can she get it done? No. Here comes Tony again. -and he's got it! You're good, Dakal. -Kim: Grab them. -grab them. -probst: Dakal  fighting to stay in this. Will the time  difference be what matters? -nope. Nope. Nope. -there you go, twist. Yara's had the most  time on this puzzle. Three on one side. Probst: Then Sele. And here comes Jeremy  and Sandra for Dakal. Turn the red. Put the red on this  side. -try that? -flip it around. -no. No, no. Two greens. -Tony: Two greens. -two yellows. -probst: All three  tribes desperate to win or place second in this challenge. You just don't want to  lose. -that's a no. -no, no, no, no, no,  hold on. No, no, no, no, no. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That looks good. That looks good. Wendell and Parvati  think they have some momentum. -Michele: That looks  good on our end. -that might work. -that's good on our  end. -that might work. -yeah, we're good. -let's go. Let's go. Let's go. -yeah, come on! Yeah! -yeah! Out of nowhere, Sele  thinks they have it. -Sele pulls it out! -[cheering] Sele wins  immunity! We're looking for one  more! -[laughs] -Wendell: All  right. -keep going, guys. Keep going. -listen to me. -green and green on  opposite sides. -Sarah: Keep going. Keep going. It is now panic for Sophie  and Adam on Yara. -green and green are  opposite sides. -not on top. -okay. -probst: They had a  big lead, but now they are starting over. -try flipping the top. -Tony: Flip the top  cube. -flip the top cube. -Denise: Flip the top  cube. -is that it? -Tony: There it is. -is that it? -there it is. Up the four sides. There it is! -come on! -come back! Come back! -Dakal thinks they  have it. We got it! -you're good! -[cheering] Dakal  pulls it out, sending Yara, who had the early, huge lead, -to tribal council. -Tony: We did it. Yes. Sele, congratulations. One half of the  immunity idol is yours. Everybody's safe. Dakal, huge comeback. The other half of the  immunity idol is yours. Dakal, Sele, grab your  stuff. Head back to camp. Nobody going to tribal  and nobody going home. All right, Yara, grab  your stuff. Head back to camp. See you tonight at  tribal council, where somebody will be the sixth person voted out of this  game. Rob: Look, it's never  good to lose immunity onSurvivor. I hate to lose. But, in retrospect,  it's not that big of a deal 'cause we got expendable members here. We got people that we  can get rid of, preserve our overall numbers. All we got to do is  decide which of 'em is headed home. [Sophie sighs]  leaving that challenge, being somebody who was part of the puzzle-losing  duo... -did your best, right? That's all you can do. -yeah. Sophie: ...i felt my  game potentially slipping through my fingers. -good. -Adam. -oh, you look like  you're dying over here. -yeah. -i'm sorry. -what's going on? Adam: I just feel bad. Sarah: All right, so  the boys all just took off for the well. -i feel comfortable  with Adam and Ben, right? -yeah. Sophie: Adam and Ben  have really convinced me that they want to work with us. But as much as i've  tried to ingratiate myself over the last two days, I can't deny that I’m in  the minority, and that makes me an easy person to pull the trigger on. I'm not turning my  back on you, so, you know what I’m saying? Well, we need that  idol together. Hopefully, we can...  We don't need to play it right now. I'm not writing your  name down tonight, brother. -i'm not writing your  name. -okay. -not writing your name  down. -Adam: I’m not writing  yours. -okay. -and I’m not writing  yours. I'm not writing yours. Rob: Even though I don't  have great relationships with Ben and Adam, I have to establish trust with  some people in this game. -good. Okay. -so, which one are we  voting out? [sighs] who do you  prefer, Adam? I think Sophie's  probably -more of an asset in challenges. -rob: Cool. So get rid of Sarah? The worry is that she  has -the idol. -rob: They have an  idol, they have an idol. I'm good if you're  good. -okay. Sarah. -rob: Okay. But the problem is how  do we go from now all the way to tribal without getting sketched out with  each other? In order for this plan  to wor, one very crucial step needs to happen. They're gonna run off  and try to have conversations. -Adam: Yeah. -unless we go back to  camp, we sit at camp together, the three of us. -ben: Yeah. -the whole frigging  time. And nobody goes off  and has any conversations with anyone else. That's fine with me. Okay. [metal scraping] can't  lose anymore. No. [metal scrapes] Rob: In  the past, in a situation like this, I use something called the buddy system,  which means basically myself, Ben and Adam need to be with each other all the  time these girls are around so that they can't try to create any commotion. So far, so good. And I feel like I’m bringing  the game back a little bit in my direction. -have you ever had  deep-fried twinkies? -rob: Yes. -at the fair? Oh. -yeah. Have you ever had the  mint oreos? -yeah. -are you a dunker of  oreos -and then in your mouth? -Sophie: Yeah. Adam: Ben and I are in  the same position where Rob has made it very clear that he wants to work with  us, and our group has determined that we would vote out Sarah if we stick  together. But there is no trust  between the three of us. And yet here we are,  saying that we have to maintain trust. And Rob's way of  making sure that we maintain that trust is by having nobody leave camp all  day. [sighs] Adam: It's  just boring. Nobody can leave. Nobody can talk. That doesn't allow us  the opportunity to really play and maneuver. Ben: Rob, this entire  game, has just wanted to control everything and every aspect of the game. [exhales] -watch your  head. -[groans] Ben: I have  a decision to make. I can stick with the  guys, keep my mouth shut and listen to the Godfather, or I can go with the Dakal  women, but either way, I have to trust my gut here. -Adam: You all right? -yeah. Sarah: Rob's energy  around camp is really negative. I would feel a lot  more comfortable if I could have a legitimate conversation with Adam and Ben. But that's Rob's style  of play. He implements the buddy  system. But, I mean, this is  the buddy system on steroids. It's basically  babysitter Rob and put all the kids in the playpen. And I’m sorry, but you  ain't putting me in a playpen. Sophie: Anyone need  any water? I'll go, too. I'm just... I'm bored  as hell. So, I’m hoping that  we'll vote Rob out tonight. I don't, either. Here's the thing. I do not like this. Ben and Adam think  this is, like, a good way to play Survivor, then ... Them. 'Cause he's an .... Rob's an .... Sarah: Ben and Adam,  they are technically the swing vote in this. However, I have the  steal a vote advantage, and if I play it tonight, it takes one of the boys'  votes away and adds it to mine and Sophie's votes, and now we have the  majority and we pick who goes home. So, i'll have it in  the event that I feel uncomfortable. But, I mean,  obviously, I would like to hang on to it, because this game's gonna get a  whole heck of a lot messier. Yeah. -absolutely. -Sophie: I asked Sarah  for the other half of the idol back so that I would truly have a hidden  immunity idol at tribal council. If I get a wiggly  feeling, I can pull it out. But right now, I’m dreaming  of a glorious blindside tonight. But I know that there  is always a chance that that won't happen and that either Adam or Ben or both  of them will get cold feet. Sophie: I never  thought coming out to Survivor, season 40, Winners at War, that I would be  going into a tribal council having to rely on two strangers who i've only met  days before, who the most reassurance they've given me about the fact that I’m  not going home tonight is a wink or a thumbs-up when somebody's not looking. Like, I hear myself  saying that, and myself 20 days ago at home would want to slap me and say,  "do something." but you're out here, and sometimes you got to trust  the wink. probst: So, Sophie,  we're just past the one-third point. Still a lot of game  left, but enough has happened that you're getting a sense of this season. -yeah. -probst: How is this  season different from when you played last time? Sophie: Last time I played,  there were two big alliances at war with another. It was like two mob  families. This season, it feels  like there's so many intertwined relationships. I hope, being the  minority on a tribe, new relationships can be formed. And those can be just  as valuable and meaningful as the friendships you form on day one. Probst: Adam, is this  idea of fluidity a product of 20 very good players? Winners? That that's where you  get this option that, -hey, nothing's ever solid? -Adam: Yeah. In most seasons of Survivor,  the early stage of the game is about not being terrible. But on this season,  nobody's playing themselves out, because everybody is very, very good. Probst: Ben, you were  nodding in agreement. Ben: Traditionally,  you have someone who dictates too much or rubs people the wrong way. In this game, everyone  knows not to-to poke the bear. Probst: So, Sarah, the  obvious breakdown is three versus two. Rob, Ben and Adam  versus you and Sophie. But there's always a  crack. The question is: Is  the crack big enough that you can wedge your fingers in there and pull it  apart to take a look inside? Um, the crack today  was, like, seven words long for me. -what does that mean? -Sarah: That's about  how many words the boys spoke to me all day. So, weird. Sophie: I mean, I feel  like I had the same experience. I maybe got eight  words. I was expecting people  to go off in duos, somebody to pretend to go get firewood, looking for the  idol. Instead, these three  marched off to the well and came back, and the whole mood of camp had  shifted. Nobody looked at me. Nobody talked to me. There wasn't even a  moment that I could get one person alone. And these are people,  the last couple days, that I felt like I was getting to know. It was like, you know,  the command was down, and that was it. But I do take issue a  little bit, Jeff, with the word "crack." I feel like it implies  that Sarah and I are, like, these invaders trying to find weaknesses. Like, "where do I  find the crack that I get to wedge my way in and screw you all up?" but  I see this as just as much of an opportunity to build real alliances. [chuckles]: I want an  alliance. I want to be with you  guys. -use me. -Sarah: And I would  second that. If anyone wants to  change their mind at this point and work with Sophie and i, offer us  anything. [chuckles]: We would  love to stay in the game. Probst: Rob, Sophie's  comment is a really interesting one. I used the word  "crack"-- it gets used a lot here-- that there's always something  between a group. Sophie's point is,  "there doesn't have to be a wedge "to provide an opportunity to  better everybody's situation, including mine." Rob: And that's a good  selling point. I mean, we weren't  necessarily a tight three. I basically blindsided  Adam. Ben basically  blindsided me. We are probably the  most unlikely three of Sele to sit here. But the fact of the  matter is Survivor'sa numbers game, and with five people, there's little room  to hide or negotiate. Probst: Ben, Rob's not  afraid to point out in front of everybody, "i blindsided Adam. Ben blindsided  me." is that trying to build trust, to say, "there are no secrets,  -but we're still a three"? -ben: Jeff, this has  never been a situation that i've been in where there was two easy vote outs. And, so, with that  comes a sense of security. 'Cause it is a numbers  game, so you go with the experience and you go with your gut. Probst: So, what was  the afternoon like? If nobody was talking  to Sophie and nobody was talking to Sarah, -who was talking? -ben: Uh, we went and  had a talk at the well, and then we sat around camp and talked about a lot of  food, uh, pies and-and cookies and not a lot of strategy at-at camp, Jeff. Probst: Rob, what does  that say about this game when we've been talking about how clever everybody  is, they're all winners, and five of you are sitting at camp, talking about  cookies? Yeah. I mean, sometimes,  less is more. Probst: Sophie, what  do you read into that? I mean, it's scary. Rob won his season by  corralling people and by keeping people in the same mindset. And a lot of that was  just keeping people together, you know, having spa days, having a buddy  system. And if it wasn't Rob,  i'd be like, "these idiots are not even strategizing." with Rob, I feel  like proven strategy now, like, being used on me. It's not good. Rob: The flip side of  that is people together working together.. Works. And people go far that  way. Probst: All right. Did I miss anything? Okay. It is time to vote. Sophie, you're up. sorry. Just got stuck on the  wrong side of the numbers.  i'll go tally  the votes. if anybody has a  hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. I'll read the votes. First vote: Sarah. Rob. Rob. Two votes Rob, one  vote Sarah. Sixth person voted out  of Survivor: Winners at War: Rob. That's three. That's enough. Need to bring me your  torch. Rob, the tribe has  spoken. Time for you to go. Well, in a season  called Winners at War, maybe there's no such thing as a simple vote. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night. captioning sponsored  by cbs captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org probst: Next  time onSurvivor... Adam: The wicked witch is dead, and we can do whatever we  want now. -[whooping] - Winners  at War, hungry for more... I'm doing something sneaky and hilarious. Both of the losing  tribes will vote somebody out of this game. -oh. -oh, my God. - coming for  you.  "bequeath your fire tokens "to any player still in the  game. Grab your torch and  head to extinction." all right, Parvati. Make a run at it. [roars]