<br/>no more boston Rob  rules. Ben: Be like a bunch  of teenagers now. Parents are gone. Have a party. Let's do it. Sarah: I won't. Ben: Tribal went  fantastic. We voted out boston  Rob. He was a lot to deal  with. Because if you  interacted with anybody, then Rob was throwing your name underneath the bus. Sarah: Right. Ben: He had a plan to  keep us under his thumb, and I was like, "don't treat me like I’m some  rookie newbie out here." and that's what it came down to was lack of  respect. And for that reason  alone, I couldn't live with him anymore. I'm out here having  fun and building relationships to show people that I can change my game,  right? That's my goal. So, on this tribe,  i've grown closer to Sarah and, to be quite honest, Sophie, too. She's a good person,  and I like good people. [shouting] oh! [laughs] Adam: The  general sense of the tribe is that the wicked witch is dead, and we can do  whatever we want now. But the truth is I’m really  nervous, because I’m on a tribe with people that might have a stronger  connection with each other than they do with me. [whooping] yeah! [whoops] Adam: I mean,  Ben has seemingly becomevery close with Sophie and Sarah. But when we have time  alone, he's barely talking to me. So, I don't feel like  this is a great celebration. In fact, I feel a  little bit more cornered on this tribe now than I did before boston Rob went  home. it's a nice  place you guys have here. [chuckles] oh, boy. -what you got there, Tyson? -a log with a note on it. Amber: I’m thinking,  "oh, God, no. [laughs]: Not another  log challenge." [Amber sighs] -really? -just start turning  over every stone you come across. Rob: Uh, let's go. Let's do it. Tyson: I don't have a  fire token yet, and there's four people here that do. Whoa! Tyson: So I need to be  the one to find that thing, especially with Rob here. I didn't want him to  find it. Rob: Is there a cliff  up here? -Amber: Yes. -there is? -yep. -that's where it is, Amber. -somewhere on the  cliff. -up here. Rob: "edge"  has a double meaning. It's not gonna be  easy. Might take, like, a  week to find. Right. Rob: The clue said the  more stones you turn over, the better your chances are. The only problem is  there's close to eight million rocks -on this island. -[groans] [sputters] I  know that because i've almost counted all of them. Tyson: The main phrase  in the clue was, "at the right place at the right time." and the  only thing that has time out here is the tide. I caught a glimpse of  it in a hole in the rock, and I could also see Rob looking at me from that  exact point. Rob: Yo! Ty! You coming back? Tyson: So I turned  around and pretended that I needed to tinkle. Rob: It's not here. Let's go make some  rice. Natalie: Yeah, that's  what I say. We need more energy. All right. I'm just gonna have to  grab it. I snag the little  package real quick and put it in the waistband of my, uh, man panties. Oh, my God. This is brutal. Eventually, people do  trickle out to keep looking. And when everybody's  gone, I open it up and give it a quick read, even though I know people aren't  far. "this advantage  has no value on extinction, "but you can sell it to any player in the  game for one fire token." so the most important thing is not so much who  I give it to, it's that that person buys this. Parvati: Oh, my God. What is this? What? Okay. Done. How did I get this? Tyson: Boom. I'm the proud papa of  a fire token. So now I have to  decide, with this fire token, what to do with it. The idol is three  tokens, but if I wasted three tokens on this and never got back in the game,  I would look the fool. But I’m not a fool. I don't think. So my only option is  to purchase something from the menu at the mast, which is... Oh... Dude. Look at how big this  thing is. ...peanut butter. That makes me so happy. I feel like eating the little bit of peanut  butter each day would, a, boost my spirits mentally in the fact that I’m doing  something sneaky and hilarious... ...and get me the extra calories that will  then prepare me for the challenge. So good. Some slack-jawed yokel  from, uh, who knows where probably wouldn't know all the, uh, -great  nutritional stuff that peanut butter has, -[burps] but... I do. Thanks, parv. come on in,  guys! Dakal and Sele getting  your first look at the new Yara tribe. -Rob voted out at the  last tribal council. -[oohing, gasping]  wow. The biggest reaction  by far of the season. Wendell: Ah, wow. All right, shall we  get to it? -yeah. -first things first,  got to take back both pieces of the idol. Really? You're gonna throw  even that? -i'll hand it to you,  sir. -you're gonna throw...  From me to you. ...half of the  immunity idol? -no, sir, no, sir,  -[chuckling] -no, sir. -wow. No, I like that thing. Once again, immunity  is back up for grabs. For today's challenge,  you're gonna swim out to a boat and retrieve three bags of rice. You'll then work  together to get those bags through a hole, back to shore, where you will tear  them open and retrieve three balls. You'll then maneuver  those balls through a maze. The first tribe...  ...and only the first tribe -to finish wins immunity. -oh, my God. Oh, my God. [chuckles] both of the  losing tribes will go to tribal council separately. Both tribes will vote  somebody out of this game. -[groans] -in  addition, you're playing for a reward. The first and only  -the first tribe to finish... -ugh. Peanut butter and  jelly. Wow. -[cheering] -Parvati:  Yeah, that's what -we were talking about! -probst: Peanut butter  -and jelly. -[chuckles] Dakal, you  have one extra person. Who you gonna sit out  of this challenge? Sandra, take a spot on  the Sandra Bench. [laughs] -all right, Sele. -Parvati: Sit out. Yeah. Probst: Sit somebody  out. Who's it gonna be? Michele, take a spot  on the sit-out Bench. Everybody else, i'll  give you a minute to strategize. We'll get it going. all right, here  we go, for immunity and reward! Survivors ready? -go! -[shouting] everybody  in the water. You got to get to that  boat and get one person in the boat. That person's  responsible for getting the rice out. Yul in quickly for Sele. Starts handing off the  rice. -Michele: Good job, Sele! -it's gonna be Sarah  getting in for Yara. Denise is in for Dakal. Sandra: Good job,  guys! Good job, guys! Michele: Good job, Sele! Sele out to a very  early lead. Followed right behind  by Yara. And Dakal in dead  last. Sandra: Good job,  guys. Michele: Good job, Sele! Wendell: You all  right? Michele: Good job,  wen! Probst: Wendell first  to the gate. You got to get it  through a very small hole. It's gonna take a lot  of maneuvering. Adam gonna go up and over  for Yara. Yul is going over. Here goes Denise. She's going over. Wendell: Drop down! Pull this thing. -where's the second  one? -probst: Yul now  working from one side for Sele to maneuver the first bag through for Sele. [grunts] it is Yara  working on their first bag. Jeremy trying to push  that first bag through for Dakal. Sele has all three  bags. Got to get everybody  over. Dakal has made up a  lot of time now. They got their third  bag through. It is now Yara in dead  last, again. Now you got to get your  bags of rice back to shore. Once you have all  three, you can start opening them. Yul trying to open  that first bag. You're looking for a  ball. -got a very sharp  knife. -Kim: You can do mine? -yeah. -go! -probst: Dakal is  stuck now. -just pull. -they cannot get that  third bag back. -just pull. Probst: Here comes Yara  with all three. Yara now is back in  it. -and now it's Dakal  that's struggling. -i got it, yeah. It is Ben opening the  bags for Yara. You're looking for a  ball in a pouch. -Sandra: They haven't  opened 'em yet. -[groans] -they  haven't opened 'em yet. -probst: Dakal  continues to fight. Pushing with that  third bag. Everybody exhausted. Sandra: You guys are  still in it. Nobody has a ball. Probst: Tony opening  the bags for Dakal. Ben has the first  ball. -i got it. -probst: Yul has his  first. -come on, come on! -probst: Here comes Wendell. -nice, Yul. -probst: Day 16. -[grunting] everybody  exhausted. Ben has his second for  Yara. Ben is ripping through  this section of the challenge. -Parvati: There it is. -Nick: There it is. Probst: Wendell has  the second for Sele. You got it. Grab through. Here we go, here we  go. Probst: Tony has the  first ball for Dakal. Kim: You got it, Tony. There it is, wen! All three. -nice! -probst: Wendell has  the third for Sele. -go! Go! -probst: Ben has the  third for Yara! We are neck and neck  right now! Only one tribe  finishes. Only one tribe is  safe. Every single second  matters. Kim: There you go,  there you go. -there, you got it. -probst: Dakal still  working on their balls. Now Jeremy in, going  to work with that knife. -Nick has all three  balls. -Michele: Good job, Nick. He can start working  on the maze now. Ben has the third  ball. -it's gonna be Sophie  in for Yara. -you got this. -there you go, there  you go. -let's go, let's go. -got it, got it. -Sandra: Good job. Good job. Finally, Dakal has  their three balls. -Sandra: Good job. -probst: A big setback  on day 16. Huge immunity on the  line. Two tribes going to  tribal. Two people heading to  the Edge of Extinction tonight. Nick inching closer  and closer to the inner circle, and he's there now. Nick is inside. He's got to drop it,  and he does. Nick has the first  ball for Sele. Here comes Wendell now  taking over. Everybody chasing Sele  right now. You're still in it. Probst: Jeremy out. Here comes Kim. Sophie getting closer  now. Sophie very close to  that inner circle now. And she's inside. If she can get it to  drop, and she does. Sophie has the first  for Yara. -go. -probst: Here comes Adam. It's now Dakal the  only tribe without any balls. Slow and steady, Kim. Probst: Wendell's  inside, very close to that inner circle. And drops while  talking smack, loses the ball and all the progress. Starting again. Ben: Hook it. Hook it, Adam. -hook it. -probst: And Adam  drops it. Yara now in the lead  with two. There's only one left. Kim drops again. Here comes Sophie. She landed the first  one. Can she win it for Yara  right here, sending Sele and Dakal to tribal council? Wendell right back at  that tough spot. -Michele: Wendell,  stay slow. -and he's through it. -stay slow. -he's got one left. Sophie has quickly  moved her way toward the center section. -Sophie closing in on  it. -Sarah: Slow down. It is a master class  right now. -Wendell drops the second  for Sele. -Michele: Yes, wen! Probst: Here comes Nick. Nick now racing to get  back in this. It's a race now. Who will get the ball  first? Michele: Stay calm. Probst: Sophie  floating very close to that danger zone. Michele: Beautiful, Nick! Probst: Sele is  catching up. They are closing that  gap. Sophie still hovering  around it. -ben: Yes, yes, yes,  yes! -[cheering] -Sophie  drops it for Yara! Yara wins immunity! [cheering] sending Sele  and Dakal to tribal council. [shouts] you did so  good! -good job, good job. -Adam: The most  amazing thing about this win, for me, was that it's like winning two immunity  challenges back to back. We're going from 14  people in the game to 12 people in the game. That's a double  elimination. It doesn't get better than  that. -[Yul groans] -Parvati:  Damn. Yul: Good try. -you did so great. -good try. -you guys did great. Really. -happens. -yeah. It was tough. -Wendell: Yeah. Parvati: The immunity  challenge was rough. We lost. And now I’m pretty  sure the guys are coming after me. I know that they see  me as a threat. And seeing that Rob got  voted out, I feel really alone here. Like, i've got Michele,  but that's it. You know, I have the  idol nullifier, but what I really need is numbers. Otherwise, I’m screwed. Wendell: Okay, -you  guys are gonna write parv down. -yeah. We're gonna hope she  doesn't have anything special. And... That's it. -i'm just hoping she  doesn't pull a rabbit out of a hat. -yeah. -yeah. -Nick: Honestly, I’m pretty  bummed. I was hoping to play Survivorwith  Parvati. I mean, she was always  one of my favorites. She was, like, mySurvivor  crush, you know? However, Wendell and Yul,  they're my closest allies in the entire game. So if they want to  vote her out, I guess that's what I have to do. Michele: Okay,  so, what do we do? Parvati: Wendell wants  to get me. We have to find a  fracture. See, like, Yul's not  gonna budge. Every time I talk to Yul,  he's, like, crossing his arms, crossing his legs, like... Not open at all. I think our only  option is Nick. Michele: Yeah. I agree. I hate to say it, but,  honestly, I don't think this plan is gonna work. These three guys are  tight. They're not gonna vote  each other out at this point. And it sucks. Parv is my best friend  out here. But I don't know if I can  save her. So if she's already  going hom, all I can do is try to see if there's some way for it to Benefit  my game. so, here's  something I wanted to run by you. The one idea is I vote  you so that she feels like I stayed loyal... Mm-hmm. -...to get her fire  tokens. -no. There's not a chance  that she won't vote for me tonight. So if you put a vote  on me, then that's two on me. Michele: Okay. Okay. Wendell: I’m shocked. I'm like, "Michele,  are you really writing my name down? Is that what's going  on?" that's petrifying for me. That's two Wendells. You only need one  more. Michele wants to have  her cake and eat it, too. She doesn't want to  vote parv out. But, at the same time,  she wants parv's tokens. And I’m like,  "wow, Michele's playing the game." I don't know what you want me to  do. I've built a  relationship with somebody for 16 or 17 days. -but... -fine. I've known you -for  longer than 16 or 17 days. -i know that. Do your thing with  that relationship. That might be real out  here. That might be what's real  out here. Michele: Wendell  doesn't trust me. That much is very  clear. I've offered to betray  Parvati, and he still doesn't trust me. And I’m pissed,  because, when I was dating him, I was the one who got burned. So why would I move  forward with somebody who I’m giving, giving, giving and they're taking,  taking, taking? I think your guns are  targeted at me, and I think mine are targeted at you. Well, if you want to  shake things up, maybe there's something that we can do. Wendell: Who should we  vote out? -Nick or Yul? -yeah. I feel like you are  messing with me. I don't know, parv. Like... -me, too. -okay, would you  barter fire tokens for something? Like, you tell me  anybody to vote for, and you give me two fire tokens. No. -i'm not gonna give it  to you before. -fair enough. Parvati: Wendell's  walking around like he's so confident and he owns this place and he's running  the show. But he just made a  move that was really dumb, and that is all I need to turn the spotlight away  from me and put it on Wendell. Parvati: Yeah. He was trying to get  me to pick someone else to vote out. He's like, "give  me two tokens, and i'll vote however you want me to vote." -he's  definitely playing. -yeah. That's why he's so  dangerous. He always seems like  he's not doing anything. -yeah. -Nick: Me and Wendell,  we talked about going to the end together. And he talks the talk,  but I’m not sure if he really walks the walk. I've kind of been on  cruise control, just trying to make it through the merge, but now I’m thinking  I got to start playing this game. He thinks he's up here  and any of my ideas are, like, down here. [sighs] Nick: This is  a huge decision. Parvati is a threat,  but she's a visible threat, whereas, Wendell, he is more of, like, a hidden  threat. So it makes sense to  get rid of him if I can keep somebody that I can actually trust. Whatever I do tonight  is gonna have huge consequences. I just hope I don't  regret it. Tony: This is  not where I wanted to be right now. Kim: Sorry, you guys. -no, we're all sorry. We're... -i know, but  I wanted that freaking peanut butter and jelly so bad. Sandra: That's okay. You didn't need it. -it's probably stale  bread anyway. -Kim/Jeremy: Yeah. -man, this sucks. -yeah. Tony: Our tribe only  has five people right now. I'm in the majority of  the numbers, but the worry right now for me is that I don't know if Sandra's  gonna flip on me. I don't know if Kim  might flip on me. Jeremy and Denise  might have an idol. Who are they gonna use  it on? I need that  information, and there's only one way to get that information; that's a spy  bunker. Kim/Sandra: Mm-mm. -go for a walk? -Kim/Jeremy: Don't  think so. -no. -you think he just  needs a second? -Kim: Probably. Sandra: He's just  trying to figure out what the next move is. Or looking for an idol. What's your  preference? What are you thinking? Are y'all sticking  with the original Dakal? I'm probably 100% sure  that that's gonna be the plan. How would that affect  you? -'cause I’m not  original Dakal. -[chuckles] Jeremy: Coming  in, Denise and i, we're the old Sele. There's only two of  us, but I have this safety without power advantage. I could leave tribal  council as soon as I want. I don't have a vote,  but I’m here tomorrow. It's gonna be right  here, waiting. And I’m quick on the  draw. That's my only  problem. do you feel, Sandra,  like you guys are solid? Do you think there's  any wiggle room? -let's talk somewhere  different. -'kay. Denise: Going into  tonight's tribal, I’m extremely uneasy. I don't feel like this  is gonna be an easy tribal. I think it's gonna be  a challenge. And I think,  unfortunately, I may end up burning an idol that I’m gonna wish I had farther  down the road. -we're solid. -like, I mean, 'cause,  clearly, I’m on-- -like, I have no power. -we're solid because  we're on -the right side of the numbers. -right. Is that the truth that  you wanted? Well, I think, I think  i'd rather hear the truth -than b.s. -mm-hmm. -i know I’m on the...  -well, you're a very wonderful person. -i just want to tell  you that. -"and I’m gonna  vote you off tonight." -[laughs] no, I didn't say that. -[laughs] no. -i'm just saying that  you're a very wonderful person. -no... Denise: Sandra  is very direct and very honest, and I think she really believes she's in  charge of the game. That's not how I play,  but it's the way the game's played. So my strategy is to  kind of play it humbly, to let them know that I get that I know I need them,  they don't need me. So, knowing that, the  only thing I can do is plead my case over Jeremy. So, just think: Is Jeremy  a bigger risk to take forward? -in a lot of ways,  yes. -in a lot of ways. Do I want to write his  name down? -no. Not at all. -right. But if it means  staying in the game, then absolutely. -it's all up to Kim. Huh? -[laughs] oh, just--  it's all on your shoulders. -him being absent  right now... -is weird. Sandra: I’m getting a  crazy feeling. -i'm getting, like, a  bad vibe in the pit of my stomach. -yeah. I know. Kim: We cannot find Tony  anywhere. And, honestly, I’m starting  to get nervous. I'm like, "why in  the world would Tony be missing?" Kim: Yeah. Kim: He gets like this  on tribal days. He's like a split  personality. -have you seen Tony? -oh, my gosh. We still haven't seen  him. -Jeremy: Doesn't make  any sense. -Kim: No, it doesn't. Why would you leave  on, like, an important decision like this? Jeremy: Tony's been  great up until now. As soon as it's time  to, "oh, we have to start talking," Tony's gone. Tony, what are you  scrambling for? Your name's not even  on the chopping block. What are you doing,  tone? Tony. Don't get stressed  out. We're so fine. Tony: I decide to pop  out of my bunker. Sure enough, my timing  couldn't be more off. -i just broke my back. I fell off a tree  looking for idols. -they both... Tony. Shh. Kim: These are the  people I’m in bed with, you know? The guy that freaks  out and can't even stay to have, like, a levelheaded conversation after a  challenge. And that is concerning  for me. He's freaking out. Listen, I feel like  the threats -need to stay together. -look at, look at Rob,  man. They're getting rid of  the biggest shield. Because if we merged,  -we could've been, like, all pointing at Rob. -yeah. Now we don't have  that, man. -so if you give me  your word, guys... -hey, listen, if it's me or Denise, obviously, -i'm gonna  put Denise down. -Sandra: Okay. -Kim, I trust you  100%. Sandra, I trust you...  -okay. -i trust you 100%. Don't be looking away,  yo. -oh, my-- Tony. -all right, all right,  all right, i'm... -you know, with me, I’m chill. Sandra: I still  haven't decided how I feel about Denise going home. Tony and Jeremy keep  drilling it into my head that the big targets need to stick together. And I get that. But what they don't  understand, too, is that I have a lot of people on the other side that are  with me as well. So Tony's the only one  gonna Benefit from Jeremy sticking around. What would you trade  your two fire tokens for? I'll take immunity for  two fire tokens. Sandra: I have an idol  left that's good for only one more tribal council, and I have zero fire  tokens. So I want somebody's  two tokens. Give me your two fire  tokens, and I will hand you an immunity. Your name is gonna get  written down by all of us. You decide which one  of the two boys goes, but don't touch me and Kim. Me and Tony are a  pretty good team right now, but he's a very paranoid player. I know Tony well  enough to know that my days are numbered with him. He will take me out if  I don't take him out again. I already know it. I'm giving you an  idol-- that's real-- for two fire tokens because i... Oh, my God. But cookies and cream? Oh, my God. -Denise: Sounds... -if  anything. I'd give anything for  that. -it'd be delicious. -you have to. -you have to bring  'em. -i will. We'll figure out a way  to somehow make 'em and bring 'em. My God. Sandra: I'd give anything  for that. Cupcakes and cookies. Think on it. You just don't have a  lot of time. Denise: This is not a  selfless act. There's something in  this for her, and what I think is in it for her is I stay in the game and her  hands are clean. Sandra: It has to be  between me and you, and you can never say I did this for you. Denise: I actually  have an idol in my bag, so I don't need this. But if it's real, it  serves another purpose. I could make a move  that literally for the first time in mySurvivor career feels like it could be  game-changing. So, here's my  proposal. I give you one token  now. I give you one token  after. -after I know it's  real and it worked. -let's do it. -okay. -one now, -and one  when we get back. -one when we get back. Denise: If the votes  are coming the way that Sandra is telling me they're coming and everybody's  voting for me, I can pick any one of those people and send them home. I've never had power  like this in the game, ever. probst: So, Wendell,  every season of Survivor ends up having a theme. Can you feel one  starting to unfold? Wendell: I think this  is the season of preexisting friendships and relationships where people are,  like, very cutthroat in the game, and then outside the game, you shake hands  and it's cool. With me, I came into  this game trying to compartmentalize things. Look, I’m gonna do  whatever it takes in this game to win $2 million. I'll stab everyone in  the back. I'll stab 'em in the  front. Probst: Wow. Nick, that's a pretty  honest answer from Wendell. Yeah. And... And maybe that  is 'cause we played recently, and we played with people that had that  philosophy of the game. But even though it won  him a million dollars, it won me a million dollars, if we're playing with  people that don't value that philosophy of Survivor, then maybe that's not  the right approach this season. Probst: Michele, it's  an interesting idea, because you do have a group of people that come from  different eras -of Survivor. -Michele: I think Nick  is correct. We all won for totally  different reasons. We're so different  from each other. That's the beauty of  this game. So, we just have to  play our game. If Wendell is gonna  stab from the front and the back, because that worked before and that's his  approach this time, fine. My approach is gonna  be different than that. Probst: Parvati, does Wendell's  approach have any impact on you? Parvati: To be honest,  I just want to work with people that are fun to work with, that will  strategize with me, that will partner with me. I don't want to work  with someone who's gonna backstab and lie constantly because... Can I clarify  something before I get painted in any particular way? I heard three people  in a row basically say that style of play won't work this time. I haven't done it this  time. I'm just being real  with everyone here and letting you guys know what I’m willing to do out here. Some people should  appreciate it when people keep it real with them. Probst: Parvati, that  was clearly directed to somebody here. I don't know. He could be talking to  Michele. 'Cause they have -a  history together. -[Yul laughs] probst: Michele,  did you feel like Wendell was talking to you? Wendell and I have an  interesting... Style of communication. I think our words  aren't as cushy as they are when I speak to some of the other people here,  and I think it's the same when he speaks to me. That's just kind of  how it is because we've been through some life together. Probst: Parvati,  thoughts on that? It's been very  difficult for me to have any kind of real conversation with Wendell. He doesn't seem that  receptive -to me, like... -Wendell: I don't know, i... I-i thought people  respected realness. Even with parv today,  I said, "hey, look, "it doesn't look like we're on the same page. "i feel like  you're voting for me. I think I’m gonna vote  for you." so, i-i kept it real with her. Parvati: And then,  also, Wendell told me he would give me a vote for a couple of tokens. Like... Wendell: Jeff,  we don't even know what's gonna become of these fire tokens. We anticipate them  becoming idols or advantages or something, so I said, "parv, I will vote  with you for a token or two." Wendell, is that a current invitation or  that was a past invitation that's off the table? It's a current  invitation. Probst: Wow. Parvati, you've got a  $2 million prize. You have only five  people. And this is a current,  live offer right now. You want to do  something, Wendell? If you'd like to do  something. What do you want to  do? This just got  interesting. Parvati: Hmm. Are you gonna say a  name? No. You're gonna wait for  me to say a name? -yes. -Parvati: It's like,  this is the same thing that happened on the beach where... -Wendell:  'cause... -what are you even talking about? Here's, here's  here's... Here's how I’m gonna say it. When we spoke today, I  felt like I gave you everything, and I felt like you didn't give me anything. My intention was for  maybe you to just give me something. But clearly, it  doesn't seem like that's possible. It just was really  difficult for me to take that at face value when my sense is that you don't  trust me. That's all I got. Probst: Yul, you don't  seem to enjoy this. [laughs]: I feel like  I’m watching my parents fight -and bicker. -[Michele chuckles]  uh, yeah, I mean, for me, it's like, I think we have a plan coming in. I think everyone's on  board. But then anytime  things kind of get thrown up in the air, it just kind of makes you nervous. Probst: Michele, you  seem emotionally distressed right now. Am I reading into  that? I am very emotionally  distressed. I have been a wreck  all today. Just, like, basically  hanging on by a thread right now. I feel caught in  between four people that I love. And I know it's for $2  million. My head says that, but  my heart says I’m hurting somebody, and that doesn't sit well with me. But this is Winners at  War. If you're not willing  to do this to somebody, they will do it to you. And somebody will go  to the end and win this $2 million. So either grow some  backbone or not, but somebody's gonna get backstabbed and screwed over. All right. It is time to vote. Wendell, you're up.  probst: If  anybody has a hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now would be the  time to do so. Okay. I'll read the votes. First vote: Parvati. Wendell. Wendell. Two votes Wendell. Parvati. We're tied. Two votes Parvati, two  votes Wendell, one vote left. Seventh person voted  out of Survivor: Winners at War... Parvati. Need to bring me your  torch. -whoa. -Parvati, the tribe  has spoken. -time to go. -good luck, guys. -good luck, Parvati. -good luck, Parvati. probst: All  right. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. We'll bring in the  next group. "bequeath your  fire tokens to any player still in the game." here you go, Michele. Enjoy. probst: All  right. Kim, what is the theme  of this season? What is it shaping up  to be about in terms of gameplay? It's shifting and  moving, but right now I think it's about the threats versus the nonthreats. Sandra, you have 20  winners. How can you not have  20 threats? Sandra: I believe the  ones that know they're threats, like boston Rob, Tyson, Parvati, myself, Kim,  Jeremy and Tony, you know these people are huge threats versus the ones that  we feel are not a threat, like a Nick or a Michele or a Denise. We all know it. Probst: Denise, is  that a compliment to you or is it just a statement that she believes to be  true? You can take things so  many different ways in the game. You know, there are  players that come out here that are the physical players. You have the strategic  masterminds. You have the  relationship builders. And so we're all  threats for different reasons. It's just which one is  getting targeted tonight. So, Jeremy, with this  basic premise, then one approach would be you, Tony, Kim and Sandra simply  say, "get rid of Denise because we need each other to protect ourselves."  Jeremy: I have heard that going around camp tonight. That's one option. And that sounds better  than the other option that I was hearing. What's the other  option? Jeremy: The other  option was the old Sele, which is Denise and i, against the old Dakal. Probst: Tony, is that  a story that was going around, is it's easy for you, Sandra and Kim to simply  say, "we're better off as three. Get rid of one of  them"? Yeah, but, uh, we know  better than that now, Jeff. I mean, we're seasoned  players, so we know that it's not as simple as, "sorry, you're in the  minority of numbers. You got to go home  tonight." we weighed all our options, and we all came to a consensus of  what would be better for us. Probst: Jeremy, when  you hear the scenario of three versus two, are you thinking, "listen,  here's why you want to take out Denise"? Jeremy: I love Denise,  but my thing is we need to stay strong because we don't want to be back here  again. And I not only build  relationships, but I may be able to win some challenges and take us together  to the next step in this game. Probst: Denise, it's a  good argument. -what's yours? -Denise: If we're  talking about moving forward, I’m not gonna be the biggest challenge beast. But what I’m trying to  offer moving forward is there are relationships that can absolutely be  solidified and moved forward with, and I believe that solidly to be true. And, you know, i've  been in this seat or a seat similar to this so many times. It's the nervousness. It's the anxiety, the  thought of leaving this tribe. It's upsetting. Probst: Jeremy, can  you relate to this? Jeremy: I-i feel the  same way she feels. Like, I’m really  nervous. I'm really nervous. Usually, I’m a-a duck  on water, you know? They look real smooth  up top. But underneath, it's  like, "aah!" -[Sandra chuckles] -but right... Like, right now I’m a  duck upside down, and you can see all my feet going crazy 'cause I’m losing  my mind. Probst: Sandra, when  you have a numbers advantage, does the smart player exploit it? That is the game. It's $2 million. And when you have that  advantage, you definitely have to exploit it. It's either them or  you. Probst: All right. It is time to vote. Jeremy, you're up. this is all for  show. I'm certain you're not  going home tonight. i'll go tally  the votes. if anybody has a  hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Jeff, can you give me  a minute? Probst: Sure. Are you kidding me  right now? Just hoping maybe this  will settle my stomach. I don't know. I found something  along the way today. -probst: Have a seat. -Denise: Okay. This isa hidden  immunity idol. Any votes cast for Denise  will not count. -i'll read the votes. -[exhales] Jeff, can  you give me one more minute? Yes. -like to play those  for Jeremy. -for Jeremy. This is also a hidden  immunity idol. [whispers]: Oh, my God. Probst: Any votes cast  for Jeremy will not count. All right. I'll read the votes. First vote: Denise. Does not count. Denise. Does not count. Denise. Does not count. Denise. Does not count. One vote left. Eighth person voted  out of Survivor: Winners at War... Sandra. Oh, my God. [chuckles] h-how...  How is that possible, man? Sandra, the tribe has  spoken. Time for you to go. Day 16 got me again. -bye, Sandra. -Jeremy: Wow. I'm so impressed. Well, tonight's tribal  shows that no matter how you categorize each other as threats, it only takes  one move -to become a high-profile player. -Kim [laughing]: Yeah. -fact. -probst: Welcome to  the club. Grab your torches. Head back to camp. Good night. captioning  sponsored by cbs captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org  probst:Survivor is looking for new players. It could be you. Apply now. Probst: Next time onSurvivor...  Michele: He thinks that it's gonna be me and him always until the end. Wendell: If you want  to put me on some kind of leash, I might turn around and bite you. -go! -[laughing]: Whoa! Jeremy: I do like Tony,  but he is the bigger threat in this gam. "bequeath your  fire tokens to any player still in the game. Grab your torch and  head to extinction." all right. Who am I gonna give it  to? And head to  extinction. [roars]