<br/>Parvati: I had  zero people that would work with me after you guys were gone. I could not believe  it. It was three of them  versus me and Michele. Like, that's how the  tribe was split. Getting voted out  before the merge-- that's so lame. I've never done that  before. But Ethan's over here. Rob's over here. And much to my...  Utmost joy... -guess who! -[others exclaiming]  ...Sandra's here. [chuckles]: Sandra! Oh, my God! I didn't expect to see  you here. Sandra getting voted  out was a little, small consolation to my horrible night. -Sandra: Denise was  going home. -yeah. And to save her from  being another female at the Edge of Extinction, I gave her my idol. -[gasps] -she saved Jeremy  with her own idol, saved herself with my idol, and wrote my name down. Parvati: No. -so, that's why I’m here. -what? Rob: Why not just  figure out who to vote for yourself instead of giving her all that power? Amber: Yeah, that's  very unlike you, to give somebody -that-that much power. -you let her decide  your fate in the game? Sandra: It sucks that  I played with my emotions. I said I would just  play a strategic game. But, in hindsight, at  the end of the day, I’m still human, just like everybody else. I have feelings. I felt something for Denise. And it just bit me in  the butt. Parvati: How are you  guys making it? Are you starving? Fishing equipment is  not good. Really? So, you're just not  eating anything? -we have rice. -like, a cup of rice a  day, and that's it. You don't have to  convince me. I already know this is  not for me. Sorry, y'all. I can't be here. I can't. I'm not gonna sit here  for 23 days, trying to fight my way through a challenge to get back in. Ain't gonna happen. [logs clacking] -whoa! -oh, watch out. -ah! -[chuckles] Sandra: You'll  get burned. I don't want to stay,  'cause I feel like i-i can't do anything else, you know? Like, my time here  i-is-is done and i've done everything that I could possibly do in the world  and in the game of Survivor and I don't need to do anything else but move on. So, I wish you luck. -thanks, girl. -take care. -rob, good luck. -thanks, Sandra. Sandra: I have no  interest in running up the mountain for a little scoop of rice, sleeping in a  raggedy shelter, being bitten by rats. Knock 'em dead. I don't want to deal  with it. And get Denise for me! I’m not very good at the challenges. Everybody knows that. So I feel I would be wasting  my time just for an opportunity to go back into the game, which I’m not gonna  succeed a. I got voted out, and  now it's time for me to go. I've gained a lot  because ofSurvivor. It has changed my  life. It's given me  opportunities that I might not otherwise have had. I'm happy to go into  retiremet and know that I did the best I could with what I had. At the end of the day,  I’m still the queen, and i'll always stay the quee. Yul: Tribal  council kind of sucked. Wendell got into it  with Parvati, which was completely unnecessary. And then, at one  point, he basically said, "make me an offer. Tell me who to vote  out, and I’m open to working with you." and I’m sitting there, thinking,  like, "what the hell are you doing?!" hey, can we, um... Can we  maybe just chat for a bit? -yeah, yeah. -Yul: He created a lot  more drama, a lot more uncertainty, and almost kind of blew things up for no  reason. I wanted to just have  a talk with you about tribal. For me, like, the part  where you and Parvati were talking and you said, like, "hey, I’m willing  to entertain a proposal. Like, who do you want  me to vote for?" I was thinking, like, "whoa, what is going  on?" and I know that the other guys were thinking that, too. It immediately puts a  target on your back, right? Because people are  like, "what is going on? "like, is Wendell  flipping? Man, we got to, like,  get him out." so-- I hope this is okay, man. -a-again, I’m just  doing this because... -Yul. Yul. -i respect people that  give me their honesty. -yeah. And i-- in the real  world, that's how I treat my friends. -good, bad or ugly, I tell  them. -yeah. Cool. Yul: After our  conversation, I just got to watch him. I'll see how he-- what  he does in future tribal councils. Wendell: If I made you  uncomfortable in tribal last night, I just want to apologize. I wasn't necessarily  uncomfortable. But I think it could  create chaos amongst allies. -well... -and, also,  i've seen every single person who's created that chaos walk out the door. -i think, in the  future... -i understand. Thank you for, uh,  schooling me about how to interact at tribal. Do you think I didn't  know what I was doing last night? I'm here to play. Michele played a few  years before me. She did very well. I played two years  ago, and I did pretty well, too. Let me play my game. Michele: You're  killing me, dude. You're killing me. Wendell: If you want  to put me on some kind of leash and tell me how to play my game, I might turn  around and bite you. Yul: How did your  conversation go with him? -Michele: Not well. How did yours go? -i-i heard it. Mine went fine, but he  definitely has a different... Tone and demeanor with you than he does with  me. -Michele: Huh. -like, he was very--  he was like, "thank you. I appreciate you  telling me this stuff." very... Respectful. And what I could  overhear seemed defensive, kind of telling you how it is and being sort of  passive-aggressive. I heard the schooling  thing, -and I was like, "what?" -yeah. How the hell do you  move forward -with somebody like that? -yeah. Michele: Wendell acted  extremely defensive and confrontational. I'm a little bit  surprised, because... -thank you. -Yul: All right. -...i gave Wendell one  of Parvati's fire tokens to repair some of our relationship. But it didn't work. I think he thinks that  it's gonna be me and him always, until the end, and that I’m gonna blindly  stay true to that. But the reality is I don't  want to move forward in this game with Wendell. Ethan: Life on Edge  of Extinction is a battle. Every day's a battle  with the elements and nature. Every day's a battle  with my own personal struggle of "why am I here? Why am I sticking it  out?" and how to exist in this in-between world. So it's just... It's  depressing. I feel defeated. I just feel there's,  like, no hope. We got to find that  hope someplace, because, without it, you're just gonna destroy yourself. Days are long, nights  are longer. -if we were catching  fish... -think about how good it's gonna feel when you're done. I know. I'm so excited for  that. Mm-hmm. And it's only just a  matter of time. Yeah. I'm fine. I'm good. -i just had moments...  -yeah. You've gone through  harder things than this. I know. Doing this? No. But I think about it. You know what, it's--  actually, fasting is actually incredibly good for your body. Like, not eating, not  sleeping. -do we need to do some  yoga? -your cortisone-- your  cortisone is skyrocketing. It couldn't be good. Well, it'd probably be  better if you started thinking about things that were more positive. -well, there's a lot  of time to think up here. -[laughs] Ethan: I can  talk to Parvati. I feel really  comfortable with her, so that's a big help, because, you know, she keeps me  strong. It gives me a little  bit of inspiration to keep going. You don't need to go  there. It's like this place  is already dark enough. We're gonna stay  positive. Yeah. It's okay. You're gonna be okay. -you're gonna make it. -i know. I want a chance to  win, get back in the game, and have a shot at that $2 million. It's not out of the  question. Look, i've come back  from the Edge of Extinction twice due to my health, so I know what that's  like. I came to play Survivor. I want to give it 100%  and see it through to the end, because it's important to me. "must open  together." -[rattling] -so I got to, like, pick myself up and kind of  come back stronger. -i got a present. -ooh. What do you got? "must open  together." Parvati: Okay. -Ethan: One scroll  each. -Tyson: One scroll  each? Ethan: Pick a scroll,  pass it on. Scroll. Tyson: We got another  clue on Edge of Extinction, and... We each got our own clue. Reading to ourselves? I don't know. All it said,  "must open together." so, on three. One, two, three, open. Parvati: 'kay. Oh, my gosh. Tyson: And this is  what it said. -all right. Game on. -Ethan: All right. -see ya. -let's go. We're gonna take the  rice -off the fire? -no. Tyson: The second that  got finished being read, there really was an all-out sprint. We left the rice on  the fire. I knew this was coming. Rob: Immediately, the  race was on. I took off first and  just sprinted. I've been running  these paths for the past three days, up and down this mountain, everywhere. So I thought if I could  get there first, i'd have an edge. [groans] I can't  breathe. Tyson: Boston Rob just  takes off in a full sprint. But me, knowing he is  a portly chap, figure I have time to make up ground when I need to as soon as  it hits the uphill. So I sprint up to the  dead ending that I’m most familiar with, and I immediately find a fire token,  'cause I am amazing. -you have one? What's it look like? -yeah. How-- but-- where was  it hang-- -it was just like that, on the ground? -where was it? The very far lookout. -in the-- in the tree  or...? -wait. Just sitting on the  ground, in the middle. -really? -are you kidding me? -no. Nothing. Rob: Nothing. Nobody has any? -can we see those  again? -Tyson. Yeah, this is where I found  this one. -oh, you found it  here? -oh, you already found  it. -yes. -does it look like  this? -no. -you promise you don't  have any? -i promise, dude. [Parvati laughs] you  guys don't have any? -i don't have any. -Parvati: Nothing. -Tyson: The consensus  is that the other three fire tokens were never found by anyone. You don't have  anything? I have nothing. Promise. -Amber: I don't have  anything. -[Parvati chuckles] Tyson,  talk to us, dude! I only have one! Nobody else has one? Zero. I have nothing. I have nothing. The thing is all of  these people have no idea that I have the fire tokens. They believe that I wasn't  the one to the first of any trails. But I was, bro. I followed the trail  that ends at the tree. The token's sitting  right in the middle of the crux of the tree. I grab it, stick it in  my pocket, and run to the next one. Then I make my way up  to the small rock. Ethan's already there. I know what the fire  token wrapping looks like now 'cause I just found one, and I see it sitting  right there. I quickly stick it in  my pocket and run the other way before he even knows I’m gone. Then I start making my  way to the big lookout. I stop at the rock at  the left and, what do you know, nobody's been there yet and I got my third  fire token. Three out of four. If we're in the  majors, I’m batting .750. I'm the best that's  ever played. [chuckling] -go. -[groans] [Jeremy  laughing] -whoa! -he runs like an old  man. [laughs]: Whoa. Dang. Denise: Oh! Tony: Today, I feel  like I’m in a good position right now, even without Sandra, who i've been  close with, because right now we have two Seles, two old Dakals. I-i'm close with Kim. I'm hoping I’m getting  close with... Jeremy. So I think we formed a  nice bond between the three of us, and I’m just so grateful that Denise  pretty much did me a favor by making a flashy move at tribal. And she took out the  queen. She dethroned the  queen. She used two idols. So-so that makes her a  big target, and that's good news for me, because I need protection in front  of me. I need shields in  front of me. So, Denise, in my  book, she's a-ok. I'm gonna tell  everybody. I'm gonna say,  "she's a high profile. She dethroned the  queen with -her own bullet." -[laughs] -Denise: No! You're gonna...  -"shot her down and paid half... -you're gonna be voted out after the  merge. -...and paid her half  price for that bullet." -see, you're gonna get me -voted out. -yeah, yeah. I'm gonna say,  "no, she's a threat. -keep her  around." -they'll all be like, "thanks, Tony. Thanks a lot." Tony:  High profile right here. Jeremy: Tony thinks Denise  is, like, growing on... That target echelon. But Tony is clearly  still the biggest threat out here. He's still a big name. He's still crazy, wild  Tony. I do like Tony, but he  is the bigger threat in this game. Not about this. I think if we're back  on our heels when we merge and we don't have a plan and don't come for it,  like, we're gonna get picked off. Yeah. And-and, I mean, Denise  is still-- -Denise is with us. You know? -yeah. Yeah, I agree. Kim: I feel good with  this group of people. It's a bit of an  interesting dynamic. Like, I have this  relationship with Tony. I love Tony. However, I really feel  good with Jeremy and Denise. You know? Like, Jeremy and I particularly  have a great bond, and I really like Denise a lot as a player. I trust her. I think she's  well-meaning. I think we could play  well together. So if push came to  shove, I think I could be convinced to go with them, at this point. And I haven't been  dominating this game. And so I like being in  charge of my own fate out here and getting the chance to make new bonds with  people. I think it gives me  more options. When that all went  down like that, like, I had a moment where I’m like, "we're gonna merge  in a few days, -"one way or the other... -yep, and we've got, like--  yep. -...and we need to  have a plan." -plan. So, in that, are you--  how are you feeling about the three? -me, you and Jeremy? -Jeremy-- yeah. -super awesome. -just-- awesome. -like, that is... -i-i  just want to make sure -you still feel super awesome after yesterday. -yes. 100%. -i don't want to be  the person that's trying to catch up. -right, right. -i want to go with a  plan. -and march forward. -yeah. -right. Denise: I singlehandedly  took out the queen, and now there's a solid three, I think, that really wants  to move forward, with Kim and Jeremy and mysel. So it's like everybody  comes into Survivorplaying a different style and a different way to play. Who do you see  yourself wanting to go deep in this game with? -i mean, I know that  feels like... -besides you? -do you really see  that? -yes, I do. -okay. -100-- like, I just--  it feels right. And I know that my way  of playing can be viewed under the radar, can be viewed as riding coattails--  however you might look at that. But, hey, there are  big targets in very small places, and you better be watching out, you know? Because I am. I'm here to play. I'm here to play, just  like everybody else. Ben:  peanut butter jelly time   peanut butter jelly  peanut butter jelly, peanut butter jelly   jelly, jelly, jelly. [chuckles] Sophie: So, for the first time ever on Survivor,i  can say that we have leftovers this morning. And I’m hoping that  the peanut butter can kind of stick us together, because there is real  tension bubbling Beneath the surface. I really don't think  anything's out there. Did you find  something? -no, I didn't find  anything. -Adam. Sophie: The boys are  saying, "where is the hidden immunity idol?" but they have no idea  I have the idol, you know, in my bag. -you're, like,  interrogating me. -i'm sorry. I'm sorry if it feels  like that. I'll stop asking you  questions. No, no, no. You can ask me  questions. It was the tone when you  asked me the question. [high-pitched]: Okay. Um, it just seems like  you might have something in your bag. -is that a better  tone? -[chuckles] Ben: I’m asking  Adam if he has the idol, and, you know, he's saying, "no, I don't have  it." okay. Well, let's go looking  for the idol. Adam: It's just such a  charade. I'm convinced that,  between Ben and Sarah, they have an idol. ...walk through the  jungle, just in case there's something still out here. Okay. I'm gonna look really  hard. Actually, can I just look  in your bag and then i'll find it? It's so obvious to me  that they're pretending to look for an idol. Ben: One of 'em was in  a clay pot. -um... -Adam: In a  clay pot? -yeah. -Adam: I’m not an  idiot, guys. I can't stand it. U-unless you have it. Adam is convinced that  Sarah has the idol. My spidey senses are  just like, "bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing,  bing." Sophie: So I told Ben and Sarah everything that Adam says to make  sure they don't think that I am-- have some kind of side alliance with Adam. That pisses me off. Sarah: I know where  the idol is. It's in Sophie's bag. So I say I am going to  set this straight. You can go through all  my .... I don't have it. So, I will dump all my  crap out right now. -you do not need to do  that. -i believe you. I just hope that one  of us has it. For real. Like... -honestly, we  would-- I would tell you. -i don't. -i would. -every single one of  us would tell you, Adam. I speculate about Sarah  having an idol, so now it's all out in the open. And now I have to do  damage control, when I’m convinced that they are the ones that are lying to  me. This is ridiculous. I honestly think that  we should give up the idol talk. -Adam: Okay. -'cause it's just  dividing us. -yeah, I agree. -Sarah: It's pissing  me off, 'cause I don't ... Have it. Adam: There's a chance  that I’m wrong and, between Ben and Sarah, they don't have an idol. If I’m wrong, i'll  feel like a real idiot. But i-i-- there are  few times in Survivor where i've felt as confident about something as I do  about this. come on in,  guys! All right, let's get  to today's immunity challenge. First things first, Sophie. Wow. Really? Won't even take a  step. I like it. Once again, immunity  is back up for grabs. For today's challenge,  you're gonna carry a large saucer to a water tower, fill it with water, then  race through a series of obstacles. You'll empty what's  left into the well, head back, do it again. Once you fill the  well, puzzle pieces will drop. You will use them to  assemble a puzzle. First two tribes to  finish win immunity, safe from the vote. Losers, tribal  council, where somebody will be the ninth person voted out of Survivor: Winners  at War. Let's do this. Give you a minute to  strategize. We'll get going. all right, here  we go! For immunity! Survivors ready? Go! First thing you got to  do is go get that saucer. Got to go over every  obstacle. -uh-oh. You okay? -[laughs]: Oh, my God. Probst: Michele takes  a big hit. -Wendell: Let's go,  girl. -you all right? Yes. Probst: Yara back quickly. Here comes Dakal. Now it's gonna get a  little more difficult. Got to have somebody  on every section of that beam. -Sarah, get set. -Wendell: Jump in the  middle. -jump up high. -ooh. -Kim: Why am I so  high? -Tony: Yeah, you're  too high. Do you want me to--  whoa. Okay. These are very heavy  saucers. -Tony: Come on, guys. -are you guys okay if  I carry it like this? -probst: As Nick  knows. -wait, wait. -no, Sophie. -probst: He did this  in his season, -regarded one of the worst performances... -yo, let's go,  let's go. ...in the history of Survivor. They didn't even get  to the puzzle. Looking for some  redemption. -okay, Sarah, go  ahead. -probst: Gonna be Dakal  back first, getting water. Yara now getting  water. -fill it. -Sele finally back,  getting water. The more water you get  in that saucer, the better shot you have of some of it making it back to the  well. -slow, slow, slow. -probst: Dakal is  heading out with their first saucer full of water. Here comes Yara. -fill it. -Kim: I think I need  to be -on the low end, y'all. -probst: This is where  teamwork -is crucial. -be careful. Probst: Dakal losing  massive amounts of water... All right, I’m stuck on the beam. -okay. -...as they try to  work together. -more water's spilling  out. -Kim: All right, I’m good. Here comes Sele. -Wendell: Watch the  water, guys. -we are. We are. -probst: They're  losing water. -lift it higher on  your... Probst: Yara very slowly. -trying to conserve  that water. -Adam: Good job, guys. The faster you go, the  more water you risk losing, which makes all your effort to get to the well  less fruitful. -everybody has...  Somebody has to be on each beam. -yeah. Denise, why don't you  go in the middle. Probst: Dakal is  moving quickly, but they have lost -a lot of water. -come on. Come on. Oh! Probst: Sele. Disaster. Loses a lot of water  again. -probst: Here comes Yara. -step back. -slow and steady. Probst: They've been  slow and steady, trying to keep that water, but they're losing some of it. -okay, got it. -go to her side. We got this. -probst: Dakal coming  back -with the first water. -slow down. -slow down. -okay. -nice and slow. -probst: You go to all  that work to get back here, you want to get whatever you have in the well. -take your time. -probst: But will it  be enough to drop those pieces? -lift, lift, lift,  lift, lift. -no. -they're gonna have to  go back again. -all right, let's go. -let's go back. -probst: Sele coming  back with a saucer full of water. Will it be enough to  drop the pieces? No! Sele gonna have to  head back. -just one more trip,  guys. -let's level it. Probst: Yara taking a  very slow approach. -start shuffling your  feet back. -Adam: Higher. Probst: Hoping that  that extra water in the saucer -will be enough versus... -slide your-- yeah,  slide your feet. ...sprinting and  trying to get another run in. -we're doing good,  guys. Really good. -all right. -we got to hustle this  time. -probst: A strategic  decision. -is it a good one? -okay, hold on. You got to keep as low  as... Probst: Dakal coming back again now with more water. Have they learned  anything? Sele heading back now. -Dakal and Sele both  heading back. -Adam: I got it up. -i got it up. -probst: Yara's taking  a long time to get off this beam. Easy, easy. Easy. -keep all of this  water. Okay. -probst: question is:  Will it make a difference or have they just been wasting time? Dakal and Sele close  to nearly lapping Yara with their second saucer. -slower. -probst: Will this be  enough for Yara? They're hoping those  puzzle pieces will drop. -Sarah: There! -and they did! You're good. -go. -probst: Somebody get  -the puzzle pieces. -okay? Good, good, good. Probst: Strategy paid  off for Yara. It only took them this  first run. All right. Who's on the middle? Probst: Sarah untying. You're good. Dakal coming back. Sele coming back. -both tribes trying to  stay in it. -slow. Slow. Slow, guys. Probst: Yara out to  the early lead. -all right, here we  go. -slow. Slow. Will this be enough  for Dakal? -yes! You're good. -i got it. Probst: Will it be enough  for Sele? -Jeremy: Go, Denise! Get it! -probst: Yes! You're good. Untied. Michele now untying. Big immunity on the  line. -everybody fighting  right now. -let's go, let's go,  let's go, let's go! -probst: You're good, Dakal. -watch out. Watch out, Denise. Probst: You're good, Michele. -go, Sele. -move, move, move! -move out of the...  Good. -[whoops] -probst: You  got to get it in there -before you can start working. -got it. -probst: Seat it. You're good. -okay. Go, go. -good job, you guys. -you got one on the  ground, Ben. Probst: It's Jeremy  and Denise. -Sophie and Ben. -Sophie, that's on the  bottom. Right there. Wendell and Michele  for Sele. Wait, wait, wait. Okay. Probst: This is Yara's  challenge right now. They had the right  strategy with the water. It gave them an early  lead at the puzzle, and they are moving quickly. -no, we're okay. We're okay. -probst: Jeremy trying  to place another piece. Denise getting in on  it. Michele trying to  place a big section. Sophie with a big  section for Yara. Good job. Probst: Sophie with  another piece for Yara. Nice job, guys. Probst: Dakal catching  Sele now. There we go. Got it. Probst: Ben with  another piece. -another piece by Sophie. -Sarah: Yes, yes, yes,  yes. Probst: Ben has the  last piece. -[cheering] -that'll  do it! Yara wins immunity! Safe from tribal! We're looking for one  more now. It is Dakal and Sele. Watch out. Do these go right  here? Probst: Wendell trying  to move a big section in. Dakal has made a lot  of progress quickly. Another piece by Jeremy. Go, let's go. Probst: Michele trying  to find a spot. -she's got one for Sele. -Nick: The 40. There's the 40. Five pieces left for Dakal. Six pieces for Sele. Make it five. -we're tied. -Michele: Right there. Wendell: Where does  that one go? Find where it goes. Wendell with another  piece. -Sele in the lead now. -you guys got it. Help her get it in, j. There you go. -probst: Another piece  by Dakal. -Nick: Go, let's go. Shut up. Shut up. Wendell getting close. Jeremy trying to find  another piece. -Kim: That's it, yes. -probst: He's got it  for Dakal. Another piece! We're down to two  pieces for Dakal. -Yul: Come on, guys. -probst: Two pieces  for Sele. -Denise has it. -Kim: Yes, yes, yes. Probst: Jeremy versus Wendell  and Michele. -[cheering] -and they've  got it! Wow! By seconds. Maybe asecond. Dakal pulls it out. Wow, what a battle. Yara, great strategy  out of the gate. Paid off. Immunity is yours. Nobody going home from  your tribe. Grab your stuff. Head out. Enjoy the night off. The all-important second  place. That was about as  close as it can get. It was probably less  than a second. Dakal pulled it out. Safe tonight. No tribal council. Nobody going home. Grab your stuff. Head out. Tribe stays intact. Nick, this is a  familiar feeling, losing the exact same challenge again. What is going through  your mind? This is absolutely the  most brutal loss i've ever had in Survivor. This is... I mean,  that was... That sucked. Sucked. And the fact that it  is this challenge, it's like salt in the wounds, it's... It makes it so bad. All right, Michele, Yul,  Nick, Wendell, tribal council tonight. Somebody will be the  ninth person voted out of this game. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. See you tonight at  tribal. Yul: The four of us  are tight, but Wendell is a little bit of a showboat. He's a little bit of a  trash-talker. And if he had just  maintained his focus, that could have made the difference between winning and  losing today. So he's basically dug  his own grave. Michele: Sorry,  guys. Yul: It was the closest  finish -i've ever seen. -i apologize. I'm sorry. Wendell, you were  doing great at the puzzle. -sorry. -Nick: I’m so  frustrated with Wendell over us losing today. He should be focusing  on the puzzle, not showboating, talking trash. We lose this challenge  by a second, and if it wasn't for Wendell screwing up the challenge, -we  would have won. -Michele: I’m gonna go  wash shoes. Wendell: Let's go. Nick: It was my goal  to keep this four together to the merge, and if it wasn't for Wendell, we  would've done that. That really just got  under my skin. We shouldn't be in  this situation. -yeah, I agree. -but... All right, so  real quick, just while they're talking. -the plan is Wendell. -yeah. But we're gonna tell Wendell  that we're voting Michele. -okay. Yeah. -right? Okay. -i do. -are we 100% gonna  vote together? -i want to vote with  you. -Yul's gonna try to  work some magic. -i know. -we have to make this  conversation very fast. I think Yul's voting  for me, but if you and I stay strong... I think Yul is coming after m. Maybe it's because I talk  a little too much in tribal. It's weird because I thought  we were really like-minded. I thought we were  locked in. I guess we're not. -let's vote for Yul. -okay. He's gonna try to pit  us against each other. I will vote wherever  you want to vote. Wendell: Me and Michele  have been a little wishy-washy, but she's the one that I have the most of a  rapport with, so I’m banking on Michele tonight to vote with me, and I’m banking  on Nick to do the same. -yeah, I feel okay. -okay. I mean... -you know I’m  100%. -i know. I know. -Yul: 100%. -i know that. It's not about that. It's about... Yul: So,  an interesting dynamic with the fire tokens being a thing this season is that  fire tokens, we know, have some value. I mean, they're  currency. And everyone believes,  including me, that they're gonna have more value later on in the game,  probably after the merge. So, I came up with a  plan. Nick: Mm-hmm. Yul wants to backstab Wendell  and get the fire tokens that Wendell has. It's definitely kind  of a dark, strange situation, and I’m slowly realizing that siding with Yul  is super dangerous i-in this game. We got a decision to  make. Michele: Yeah, I know. Yul's trying to do all  this crazy .... -mm-hmm. -i'm like, "dude,  there's four people here." we need to get on the same page... -yeah. -...three of us, -and  just vote one way. -yeah. Is there any part of  you that wants to keep Wendell -over Yul? -Michele: Yeah. -i'm open. -Nick: Amen. -i'm truly open. -yeah. Nick: Wendell today  really got under my skin talking trash -when we lost by one second. -yeah. Nick: But I think  going forward with Yul, we're gonna be, like, locked in these set plans where  he's running everything. We're gonna have less  flexibility. Michele: I agree. If you feel strongly  about one way or the other, I will follow you. -okay. -okay? Michele: For this  vote, there are pros and cons for who we should vote out tonight, Yul or Wendell. [Nick laughs] Michele:  I have been really looking to get Wendell out of this game, because I’m thinking  about my past with Wendell and how i've been hurt by him. So I would love some  revenge and to go that direction just to make sure that I don't fall for his  tricks twice. Michele: But it makes  sense to get rid of Yul because he's super strategic, and he will probably  win at the end of this game. So this vote is so  difficult. But I went four years  feeling like I might not have deserved to win my first season, and every  single day and every decision that I make, I’m proving it, that I deserve it  this time, and I deserved it that time. you better be  ready  they're coming for you  you.  [exhales] what, Wendell? -that smirk, probst. -[chuckles] what do  you mean? I'm just looking at  you. Yeah. It wasn't the best of  days. We gave the, uh, the  challenge our best, but, uh, we lost by a second. It sucks. And it sucks to be  here. But because you were  so close, does it change the afternoon when you think about who to vote out? No. No. It doesn't change  who... The group decided to vote out. No. Yul, all of the  old-school players are gone -with the exception of you. -[chuckles] but I wonder,  is there something to the idea that Survivorhas grown so much in terms of  twists and pace and that it really is just older-school players have a  tougher time with the new game? I mean, it's entirely  true. The game has evolved. It's much more  complex, much more fast-paced. I'm playing a very  different game than I played the first time around. I've had to lie more  in this game already than I did the entire time on cook islands because  you're voting someone out, but now you want them to like you and not think  that you were part of voting them out so that they will give you their fire  tokens. That adds yet another  layer of duplicity that did not exist before, and this is now, like, three  notches above where I played before. This game sounds  fantastic! It is. I-i think it's really  interesting. The fire tokens give  you an opportunity to have this kind of market economy to align incentives. So, for example, you  might say, "okay, I think we should do this." but the person says,  "no, this is too risky. I don't want to do  it." "but what if I gave you a fire token to do it?" then, at  that point, the economics work out. They're thinking,  "okay, the reward is worth the risk," and that adds a whole new  layer of options that didn't exist before. Probst: So, Wendell,  you do have to lie to people. You have to blindside  them. You might want their  fire tokens to be given to you. How do you combat  that? You try to find somebody  or some people that you can trust in this game of not a lot of trust. Probst: And, Nick,  that connects to preexisting relationships, because they have had time to  form -a trust. -yes. Yul, you're... I asked  Nick, -but you're nodding. -Yul: Look, that's  exactly the case. When you land on the  beach, you have a finite amount of time to reach out to as many people as you  can, to get to know them, build trust and then strategize. If you have a  preexisting relationship, all that stuff has already been done. Probst: So, Wendell,  we've already talked about you and Michele having a preexisting relationship. Wendell: Yeah, it's  scary. But just because I know  Michele from outside the game, that doesn't necessarily mean I want to go far  with her or sit next to her at the end. I'm playing to win  this game, so I would like to work with anyone to get me to the end of this  game. Probst: Michele, what  are you smiling at? Wendell has made it  very clear that he's here for him and not for anybody else. And as a preexisting  relationship, to hear that you don't really care about what happens to me in  the future, then I don't know how I can potentially work with that. So, everybody sees the  tension that is me and Wendell. -it's not lovers'  paradise going on here. -[laughs] and it's not  going super great for us at all times, and I think that's pretty apparent. Let me correct you  briefly. I do care about what  happens to you. -okay? -i think he said let  him correct you. -yeah, yeah. No, he... -let me  correct what I said -or how you interpreted it. -[chuckles] my  sincerest apologies, Michele fitzgerald. -mm-hmm. -i care for you and  your future. -okay. -all right. Probst: All right. So, Nick, you do have  to decide who's going home. Was today different? Or was it just another  day on the beach, trying to strategize? Nick: Uh, I think  today was definitely different, at least for me, because the person that gets  voted out tonight will go to the edge. So, look, if it's me,  you know, no burnt bridges on my part, 'cause this is my final four, and I would  want to just come right back in and work with them. Probst: Wendell, I have  never heard anybody say that in that way, which is, "we're so tight, I will  come back and join you guys." are you down with that, as well? It might sting a  little bit if I’m sent to the edge tonight, and it might be a little more  difficult for me to win my way back in and join this alliance that just...  -everyone just lied to me. -[laughs] you know  what I’m saying? It's like, "y'all  just lied to me and sent me to the edge, "so I’m not so gung ho about  working with you guys again." probst: So, Yul, Nick says no hard  feelings. Wendell says,  "who are we kidding? You guys would've just  been lying to me." I will be very bitter at you guys if you blindside me  tonight, but I want to leave the option of working with you, because that may  be my only option. And so far, I feel  like I know you better -than I know anyone else in the game. -probst [chuckles]: Wow. Michele, that's tough. It's basically saying,  "oh, yeah, i'll try to get over it, but you'd be better off to not do  it." -[chuckles] -Michele: Yeah. I mean, I love every  single one of these boys, and I don't want to have to make a decision like  this. But this is the game,  unfortunately. And we were blessed at  first to all be on a tribe together, and now we're cursed by the same  blessing, and we know that. Probst: All right. It is time to vote. Wendell, you're up. you'llbe on the Edge  of Extinction tonight. I thought we were  cool, bro. i'll go tally  the votes. if anybody has a  hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. I'll read the votes. First vote: Yul. Wendell. Yul. That's two votes Yul,  one vote Wendell. Ninth person voted  out: Yul. Wow. -good one, guys. -so sorry. All right. Yul, the tribe has  spoken. All right, see you  guys. -good luck, Yul. -good luck, Yul. Ah. Captioning sponsored  by cbs captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org probst: Next  time onSurvivor... Everybody, drop your buffs. -yes. -yeah. -we are merged. [cheering] he says,  "i don't know what it is. Uh..." like,  dude. Yul: Getting so close  to the merge and just literally being a split second away from winning  immunity and making it and being blindsided is a bitter pill to swallow. Yul. Yul: Oh, I was the  last one. I assume that we'll  have an opportunity to battle back soon, and just try to remind myself this  is an adventure and I feel lucky to be here. [roars]