<br/>oh, boy. Danni: This is the  moment we've been waiting for, the battle to get back in the game. We get this little  scroll that gives us the layout of how to spend fire tokens. I need to see myself  winning that challenge and see myself back in the game. Natalie: I decided,  with my four fire tokens, to go for one advantage in this challenge and then  put the last three on an idol. Trying not to let my  nerves get to me and just kill it. Rob: So, Amber let me  have her fire token so I can have an advantage in the challenge and buy an  idol. -you can do this. -i know. I love you. I think if I win the  next challenge, I can win this game. I believe it. come and get it,  come and get it  come and get it  come and get it.   Come on  in, guys! Dakal and Yara,  getting your first look at the new Sele tribe. Yul voted out at the  last -tribal council. -[gasps] big day on Survivor. Because, once again,  the game is about to change. Everybody, drop your  buffs. -yeah. -yes. -we are merged. [whooping] -[applause]  -Denise: Yes! Here you go. -all right! -pass 'em around. -Nick: Aw, baby. -[whoops] Ben: This  merge is the most exciting moment in the game, because this is where the  battle starts. And it's time to find  out who is the champion of champions. It gives me chills  just talking about it. All right, we have 11. We're about to have  12. Come on in, guys! Returning from the Edge  of Extinction, Natalie, Amber, Danni, Ethan, Tyson... -good luck, guys. -...rob, Parvati and Yul. And missing from the  group, a Survivorlegend. Sandra raised the sail  and brought her Survivoradventure -to an end. -wow. Probst: All right. You guys have been on Edge  of Extinction for a long time. Natalie, you're the  first winner ever sent to the edge. You've proven you can  last in the game. You survived 39 days  in one. The edge is a  different thing. Yeah, to be honest,  that first night, getting to extinction and having nobody to kind of give you  a hug and come to this, like, blackout island was... Rock bottom. Probst: Tyson, -you're  known for having a great sense of humor. -yeah. You can find a joke in  the darkest times. -right. -how do you use that  on extinction? Uh, I think... I try  to find humor in everything, but it's not always because it's humorous. It's... [voice  breaking]: Maybe a mask or a wall. Probst: Is maybe the  reason you're feeling the emotion connected to extinction? Yeah, I think so. And when you look at  the mast-- and I have two little daughters at home-- and I think giving up  the pursuit of a cash prize for your family is maybe even more paramount than  sticking it out for a cash prize. And that's the...  Struggle I’m having. Rob, you met your wife  on an island. Then you go off and  create this beautiful family. And now you come back,  once again, living together on an island. Is there anything-- if  you set aside the game-- romantic about that? Not on the edge, there  isn't. It's the worst place  i've ever been to. It's terrible. And I got to know all  these people sent her there first, maybe 'cause of me. It stinks. I don't like it. We never got off the  ground, any of us. Look at everybody  here. It's all the  old-school players. But none of us here  are quitters. We're all gonna fight  to get back in this. Probst: All right, you  guys have been enduring extinction for this moment right here, a shot to get  back in. Let's get to it. For your return  challenge, you're gonna race through a series of obstacles. When you get to the  finish, you must maneuver a ball to the top of the long, windy track. First to finish gets  back in this game, with a shot at winning the title of sole Survivor and the  biggest prize we've ever had, $2 million. Take your spots. We'll get started. Let's do it. Good luck. all right,  before we get to the challenge, while you were living on extinction, you were  working very hard to try to earn advantage in this challenge. Natalie, Danni, Ethan,  Tyson and Rob each earned one advantage. When you get to the  dig section, you will not have to dig up your string. It will be sitting on  top of the sand. Amber, Parvati, Yul--  no advantage. You're running the entire  challenge. Here we go. For a shot back in. Survivors ready? Go! First stage, you've  got to untie three bags of sticks. Every single second in  this challenge could be a $2 million second. Tyson has his first  bag. Rob has his first. Parvati has one. Natalie has one. Yul. There's Danni with  one. Living on extinction  for this moment right here. Tyson with a second  bag. Rob has his second. Ethan has his. Natalie has hers. Everybody fighting  right now. Tyson is through this  first section. Rob's through. Rob next to Tyson now. Ethan is through. Here comes Danni and Parvati. Everybody getting in  on this. Tyson uses his  advantage. Does not have to dig. His string is waiting  for him. Rob is through. He does not have to  dig. There's his advantage. Ethan is through. He doesn't have to  dig. Parvati-- she's  through, but she has to dig up that string. [grunts] now you're  fashioning a pole long enough to retrieve a key, and that'll get you to the  final phase of this challenge. Natalie's through. She doesn't have to  dig. Danni's through. She does not have to  dig. -it is Amber digging,  -[grunting] Parvati digging, and Yul is gonna have to dig. This is the time  difference right here. -[grunting] -[pants]  -[grunting] -this is the advantage you worked so hard for, and it's paying  off with a big time advantage. Yul has his string. He's through. Yul now in on it. Amber has her string. She's through. -[groans] -Parvati not  giving up. Parvati has her  string. -she's in it now. -good job, parv. That a way to stick  with it, parv. Probst: Here goes Rob. He's gonna be the  first to give it a go. Can he get there? Rob really stretching. Will it be long enough  and strong enough? Rob is there. Can he hook it? Rob has it off. It's in the sand. Rob's gonna have it. Rob can unlock that  door. He's through. Rob moving on to the  final phase. Here goes Natalie. Tyson right behind. Natalie's very close. She has it hooked. Tyson has his hooked. We got a challenge  going now. Rob has his ball. All he has to do is  drop that little white ball at the top of this track. Natalie is through. Tyson's through. Yul has his ring. Danni has her ring. Yul is in there now. Yul had no advantage. But he is in with  everybody else. Now the learning curve  starts. How quickly can you  figure out this part of the challenge? Rob dropped. Has to start again. Tyson dropped. It is Natalie in the  lead right now. She's a third of the  way up this track. Natalie-- all that  progress dropped. Parvati's through. She's in on it. Ethan's through. Everybody but Amber is  in this, with a shot to win it. -[crack] -darn it. there are so  many ways this can get you. So hard. Two handles. You've got to move  that ball up, down, left, right. -[groans] -Danni  drops. Yul-- slow and steady. Cannot get too aggressive  or you risk losing everything. Natalie giving it  another go. Ethan still working to  get in this. This is why you  suffered every night on extinction, for this moment to get back in. Right now, it is Tyson  in the lead, then Yul and Rob at the same spot, trying to catch up. Tyson's making nice  progress. Tony: Ooh. Probst: Trying to  maneuver a curve requires a lot of touch. -Wendell: He got it. -Adam: Wow. -oh, a nice save by Tyson. -Adam: Oh, my God. Probst: It is Tyson  with the last stretch, with Yul and Rob trying to catch him. Nobody else close. Yul: No, no, no. -probst: Yul thinks  he's in trouble. -no. -can he save it? -oh. -aw! Geez. -no, Yul loses  everything. -[gasping] -has to  start again. -[Yul groans] it is Tyson  and Rob now, fighting for a shot to get back in. you better be  ready  Rob's catching Tyson. Probst: Tyson inches  away from being back in this game. Rob right on his tail. this is it. Both guys have to be  perfect. The end is in sight  for Tyson. Rob within striking  distance. This is gonna be  close. We are dead even right  now, neck and neck. -oh, my goodness! -probst: Both guys  hovering very close to the edge. Who will get it to  drop for the win? it's coming for  you. -and he's done it! -yeah! -[applause] -[whoops] Tyson  is back in! -yeah! -[whooping] probst: Huge  challenge. Good job, bro. Good job. Probst: Wow. That was insane. Tony: Now we know why Sandra  went home. -she wasn't doing  this. -yeah. -[chuckling] probst: Tyson,  congratulations. You are back in this  game. Here's your merge  buff. Join your new tribe. Good luck, Tyson. -good luck, buddy! -good job, Tyson. Probst: Natalie, Amber,  Danni, Ethan, Rob, Parvati, Yul heading back to the Edge of Extinction, where  you'll be waiting for one final shot to get back in this game. And you will  immediately begin coming to tribal council as the first seven members of our  jury. Grab your stuff. Head back to  extinction. Good luck, guys. -[applause] -Yul: Bye,  guys. -good job, guys. Good job. Probst: All right. You guys have made the  merge. Day 19. Basically the halfway  point. You will be merging at  the Sele beach. Congratulations. Grab your stuff and  head out. Tyson: The Edge of  Extinction was tough, and it made me think, "you know, "maybe I’m not  cut out for this game anymore. Maybe fatherhood has  made me soft." and so winning it boosted my confidence a little bit that  maybe I can still do the things out here that i've always known I could.  whoa. Tony: So we come into  the merge tribe, and I see the new menu, and prices have gone up. I can't buy anything. I'm looking at the  menu-- three tokens, two tokens. I got one. I can't do nothing. -oh. Look at that, huh? -oh, wow. I'm just like a little  poor kd going into the bodega, and I don't have enough money to buy a little  bubble gum. -yeah, baby. Yes. -oh, my God. Tony: But, thankfully,  the feast doesn't cost you anything, and I’m very grateful for that. I love it. -Tony! Come here, bubba. -big, big Ben! [grunts, chuckles]  -congratulations today. -welcome back. Sarah: To be one of 12  sitting at that table, one of the 12 greats, it's unbelievable. But the lines are so  blurred right now that it looks like a big bowl of spaghetti, and you don't  know where one relationship starts and one ends. Do you want a glass of  rum? [laughter] Sarah: Everyone's  a lion that's sitting at the table. It's just who has the  biggest mane right now. What happened with Sandra? Jeremy and I were...  On the bottom. And Sandra, she's  like, "if you give me two fire tokens, I will give you an idol." so  I took it. I played that to save  myself. And I happened to have  another -hidden immunity idol... -oh! ...that I played for Jeremy. I was the only one  that voted for Sandra. They all voted for me. -so, yeah, that is the  story of the queen. -Nick: Wow. -Tony: Yeah. -Sophie: Denise's  story felt a little bit like we were all in a bar and she was -telling us old  war stories. -[gasping, cheering]  -mm-mm. Mm-mm. -Tony: The  queenslayer! -the queenslayer! -[laughter] Sophie: It  just made her look really good. But I have to imagine  everybody at the table thought, "hmm, like, one person has a rã     sumã     out here. Good to know."  did you think, like, at the start of this, -that you'd be sitting here? -mm. Adam: I definitely  didn't expect it to look like this, with every single old-school player  -getting-- right? -Denise: Right. No. Very true. -Michele: Yeah. Tony: Was that  intentional, you think, guys? -or just happened that  way? -Michele: No. -it really wasn't. -not on my part. -Michele: I don't  think so. Tyson: I am honestly  the only o.g. Left on this beach. It's all new-school  players here. I played three times  before most of these people even put their Survivordiapers on. Are the kids that are  coming up now changing the game so much that I can't adapt? I don't think so. -cheers to the merge. -Nick: Absolutely. Absolutely. -others: Cheers. -ben: Tyson, hell of a  job. -Nick: Tyson. -thanks, guys. -that's so impressive. Tyson: If I were these  people, I would get rid of me day one every single time I ever played Survivor. Because if you let me  get my roots into whatever cracks are ther, I’m gonna build a home. Adam: This is awesome! There's a real  shelter! We got a swing set,  workbench, kitchen area. Wendell: At this point  in the game, you want to have the right tem around you and have the right  people protecting you. I have Michele and I have  nic, two people that I can really trust. But we need more  numbers. Good to see you, young  man. I met Jeremy outside  the game once or twice. I know he's a great  guy, and I can work with him. So, at this point in  the game, I really want to work on my relationships. Wendell: Not too much,  man. -i'm good with Nick. -all right. Jeremy: Who do you not  like? Sophie is playing. -but I’m cool with  her. -all right. Denise is kind of the  same way. Denise is playing a  better game than you think. Yeah. Jeremy: I like Wendell. We have a mutual  respect for each other, so... I want him to come and work with me. You could say that. You could say that. Jeremy: Wendell has Nick  as his right-hand man. I want to be that  person. So I wouldn't mind to  see Nick go. If I get rid of Nick,  I could be his number one. If I ever hear  anything about you... -same thing. -and you won't see me writing  your name down. Same thing. -you know what I mean? -yeah. Ben: It sounds like no joke out there, dude. I am glad you're back  though, honestly. Tyson: I tried to get  -the big targets together early. -yeah. And it just backfired. And then everybody  afterwards was like, "uh-oh, that was a mistake." -and all the big  targets just started getting popped. -just-- yeah, yeah. Ben: Tyson is right. Big players, big names  have been taken out left and right. I mean, you look at Tyson,  Rob, Parvati, Sandra. There's four right  there, and after that, it'll keep going. What are you looking  at as the big targets? We got me, you, Jeremy,  Tony. -yeah. -there's four. I think the big  targets are already outnumbered. -yeah. Well, yeah. -so we have to take  control before they realize that. Ben: We're drawing  lines. It's gonna be big  threats versus little threats. So that's where we  need to start putting the targets. Tyson and I went down  there. We were talking about  keeping the threats in. So the smaller target,  less threatening, -are the ones he wants... -are the lower profile people. -low-profile. Yeah, yeah, yeah. -yeah, yeah. Tony: That's music to  my ears, because this is exactly what I wanted. People like Wendell, Nick,  Adam and Michele-- they're good players, but they're lower profile. They're not in the  spotlight. We have to break up  that... -y-- oh, that's 100%. -okay. There's no target on  these people. So now's the time for  me to try to get rid of all of them. Tony: Oh, my God. I think it's raining. -this is how you know  you're alive... -yeah. -...when you feel  miserable. -mm-hmm. Oh, man. Adam: Some of these  people, you'd think they'd never played Survivor before. They're dying in this  rain, but this is nothing. I went through a  cyclone. We're having fun now! Nick: Yeah. Kim: We truly are in  survival mode. It's hard out here. I mean, you either  laugh or cry. Like, it's almost  comical how miserable we are. We're freaking  freezing. Tyson: How long does  this have to go before people talk about buying a tarp? I'll wait for one of  those rich people to buy one. Mm-hmm. Wendell: I've heard Denise...  Okay. Nick: That's who I would  choose if I had my choice. Denise took down the  queen. That places a lot of  eyes on Denise. And I want to vote people  out that are playing a winner's game right now. Man, get them away  from this island. come on in,  guys! Probst: Nothing easy  about Survivor. Nothing warm about  this rain. [teeth chattering] it  is a cold day in fiji. Sophie, I got to ask,  are you okay? Because your entire  body is convulsing. I'm really cold. Kim: It's gonna be--  you're gonna be okay. -it's okay, it's okay,  it's okay, it's okay. -you got this, Sophie. Come on. -body warmth. -we're okay. [crying] probst: Sophie's  trying to not cry -through it. -you got this. And yet we have a  challenge to run. Let's get to it. Your first individual  immunity challenge. It's a Survivorclassic. You are going to hold  on to a pole for as long as you can. When you drop, you're  out. Last person left hanging  wins immunity. This is what you want:  -individual immunity in this game. -ooh. In addition, -you earn  a fire token. -Tony: Mm, all right. Probst: And to make  your first tribal council as a merged tribe a little more interesting, it  will be the first woman -and the first man. -oh! What? Probst: So we have two  individual immunities, -two fire tokens up for grabs. -wow. Everybody else, tribal  council, where somebody -will be the tenth person voted out... -wow. ...and sent to Edge of  Extinction. We'll draw for spots. We'll get started. -here we go. -[Sophie  shudders]  all right. This challenge is on. I’m so scared. It's already  difficult. In addition to being  hard to hold on to in normal conditions, now the pole is wet. Probst: Today, we will  have one man and one woman win this challenge and be safe at tribal council,  and they will each earn a fire token. Adam already starting  to move down on the pole. [grunts] -Michele is  first out. -[Adam groans] -big  fall. Are you all right? -yeah, I’m okay. -you sure? -Michele: Yeah. Probst: Do you want  medical to come in? No. Probst: Michele is  first out with a hard fall. [grunts] Sarah  starting to inch her way down now. Tyson, who has won  this challenge, is also struggling. [groans softly] Sarah  coming down to the last toehold. -[grunts] -Tony is  about halfway down. Wendell starting to  come down a little. -[grunts] whoa! -probst: Adam goes  down. He is out. -[Sarah exhales] -Sarah  drops. She is out. [exhales] Tyson is  out. Wendell now starting  to slip a little more. Tony slipping more. Wendell's gonna opt  out. [exhales] Tony is out. We have Denise, Kim  and Sophie fighting for the women. It is Jeremy, Ben and Nick  for the men. [grunts] dang it. Sophie's down. We are down to two  women left. It is Denise and Kim. And Kim has started to  inch down. Denise shows her first  signs of slipping. Denise sliding down a  little more. Kim can't get her toe  in. Kim drops. She is out. -ben: Good job, Denise. -Denise has won  individual immunity for the women and a fire token. Yeah! Probst: We are down  now to the three men. Ben dropped. And we have a  showdown. It is Jeremy and Nick. The last two people up  there fighting for immunity and a fire token. We could be here for a  while. [exhales] [sighs]  [grunts softly] Nick with his first movement in a long time. -[exhales] -sliding  down the pole now, looking for a new grip. [exhales] [Jeremy  exhales] Jeremy doing a lot of adjusting but staying in the same spot. [Jeremy exhales] -good  job, guys. -hang in there. [chuckles] probst: Both  guys looking down at each other, trying to get a sign of weakness. [exhales] -[groans] -Nick  on the move again. See Jeremy's toes just  barely wedged in there. Nick sliding again. He's got one last  toehold. [grunts] Nick cannot  hang out any longer. -Nick drops. -[applause] -Adam:  very good, guys. -Jeremy wins immunity  and a fire token. Safe tonight at tribal  council. Joins Denise. -will not be going  home tonight. -good job, bro. Denise: Good job, you  two. Ben: Good job, guys. Denise, come on over. -ben: Denise! -Sophie: Good job, Denise. [inhales sharply]  thank you. Probst: Well-earned. Denise safe tonight at  tribal council. In addition, this fire  token is yours. You're not going home. Congrats. -thank you. -probst: Jeremy, come  on over. -ben: J! -Denise: Good job, j. -probst: Still  hobbling. -yeah. Mm. Probst: Jeremy safe  tonight at tribal council. Cannot be voted out of  this game. This fire token is  yours. Congrats. Head on back. As for the rest of  you, after 21 tough days, somebody voted out tonight. Grab your stuff. Head back to camp. See you tonight at  tribal. Jeremy: When you have  this necklace, you have power. So, my plan is to go  after Nick. But I don't want to be  the one that's looked at as the boss. Don't get me wrong. I want to drive this  thing, but I don't want everybody else to know that I’m driving this thing. Ben: Oh, my gosh. We're gonna need some  wood. Tony: We're doing a  wood run? Ben: Yeah, let's do  it. [grunts] [laughs] so,  who are you guys thinking? Ben: I think either Nick  or Wendell. Unfortunately. Jeremy: I do want to  break up -Nick and Wendell. -ben: Okay. I would say take out Nick. I just think I could...  I feel like... -we could work with Wendell. -okay. Tony: I want to keep  the higher profile threats, us lions, in the game. And Nick is a player  that is that hyena that I talked about. He just stays on the  outskirts. He just waits for the  lions to go at it, and that's when he comes in to see what he can get. He's like a scavenger. And Nick runs around  and just butts into everybody's conversations. -yeah. Yeah, see, but that's  what I don't like. -right. Ben: It's Nick, right? Socially, his game is  actually pretty good. But lately, he's just  butting in on everybody's conversation now, which is very weird. You want your hair  braided? [chuckles] I wish I could. Ben: It's very  concerning, because you never know when it's gonna happen. And it was like,  "dude." but it's nice. We were trying to get  the school year... Ben: Nick is killing me, though. If the group decides Nick  tonight, i'll write Nick's name down. So, what's the word? What are we thinking? -what do you...? -i think Adam. I haven't been talking  game with him. Everybody who ever has  has said they don't trust him, -so why should i? -yeah. Nick: Denise is immune  tonight, but she's super close with Adam. So I said, "all  right. Let's vote out Adam. That's easy."  everybody that has worked with him says, "don't trust Adam." I’m gonna  try to scoop up... Yeah. Adam: Okay. Um, i'd probably  prefer Wendell. Adam: Mm-hmm. Sophie: Between Nick  and Wendell, who would be more likely to work with me in the future? And I see Wendell, and  Wendell and Jeremy are constantly broing out. Was that just from,  like, this morning? That wasn't there  yesterday. That was definitely  not there yesterday. Yes, it was. Sophie: My sense of  what's happening is that a bunch of the "big guys," Jeremy, Tony, Tyson  and Ben, all got together and said, "maybe Wendell, maybe Nick."  but a lot of power in this tribe is coming from Jeremy, and I think Wendell  is Jeremy's man. -i'm down for Wendell. -okay. Okay. -okay. -kind of don't mind  cutting Jeremy -off at the knees a little bit, you know? -oh, really? I don't know. They're, like, best  friends, aren't they? Tony: I don't know,  man. See, that's what I don't  know. So it's shifting to Wendell  now? Not...? But can we get Jeremy  to go along with that? It's like... So, the  group is wanting Wendell. I'll just come out and  say it. I know. I know. I know. And I knew you weren't  gonna be happy about it. Like, if Wendell's  here, he's another shield for us. -that's our thing. -i know. It is our thing. I just think it's a  bad decision. -you do? -i do. -so, we'll just...  -what's up, man? -what's up, man? -Nick: Just getting  water. -water? Cool. -yeah. -oh. All right. You know what I mean? Like, that's... And  that's why... -who does he say? -it's Adam. Jeremy: Wendell's on  the chopping block. It's horrible. I don't want that. I want to work with  him. Wendell and Nick are  voting for Adam. So, as long as Wendell's  safe, I would love to see Adam go. Let's just vote for Adam. When you keep letting  people like Adam -skate around... -yeah. ...like, that's when  they-- he bites you in the end. If you're that Adamant...  Listen, I don't want Wendell to go, either, and if we want to change it, it's  gonna be a lot of work. I-i just don't... I  don't think it's the right move. -who do you trust  more? -Sarah: Wendell. I mean, i'll change  the last minute if we have to. -my trust level is all  I care about. Like... -Kim: Yeah. Same. I don't trust Adam. Kim: Yeah. It's just tricky. Tony: If you and Kim  were saying Adam, hey, I could jump on board with you and go Adam. [chuckles]: Adam is  a... -is a little snake, I think. -Jeremy: Yeah. Then let's do Adam. The only one who  probably isn't is Denise. I think we might have  to just look -at Nick and Adam... -Denise: Adam. So, then, are you guys  wanting to keep Wendell? -Jeremy: Yeah. -Denise: Okay. If we take out Nick,  there's not a huge ripple effect. -Jeremy: No. -Denise: Right? If we take out Adam,  there's not a huge ripple effect. -no. -i mean, I would have  been the ripple. -and I’m saying...  -yeah. And you're saying  -you're all right? Yeah, yeah. -i'm saying... -i'm  smooth. I mean... -[laughs]: Yeah. Even though you're so  close with Adam? -i could go either  way. -yeah. Denise: You know, Adam's  been one of my closest alliance members. But at the same time,  you just have to kind of go with the flow or go with the tide. So, Adam and I created  a day one alliance. But that may not be a  day 39 alliance. I have a weird  feeling. No. I would not have a  weird feeling if I were you. Then why's Jeremy  still, like... I seriously think you're fine. Sophie: My  understanding is that Nick and Wendell are voting you. Okay. I really hope you're  not blindsided tonight, 'cause if you are, I’m blindsided, too. Adam: Of course I’m nervous. Nick and Wendell think  it's m. The people who I think  do have my back are telling me, "stay calm. Stay cool." easy  to say when it's not your name on the line. I think you're getting  paranoid about people deciding between Nick and Wendell. -okay. -it's not about you. Adam: What I’m hearing  is either Nick or Wendell but nobody being able to make up their mind. What is the plan? I don't know. I don't know. Okay, well, I just got  back, -so I have zero clue about what's going on. -welcome back. I don't know. I... So the answer -to  your question would be no. -okay. Okay. Then I go to Ben, and  he says, "i don't know what it is." [grunting mockingly] like,  dude. I'm trying to stay  alive here. Like, why are  youupset? Crazy man. Okay. Got you. Adam: Tonight is about  survival. And I’m scared. [voice breaking]: I don't  want to go home. [laughs]: And I don't  want to go to the edge. I need to be here  tomorrow. Rain or shine, I don't  care. I need to stay in the  game. probst: Tyson  gets a torch because Tyson is back in this game. We'll now bring in the  members of our jury. So, let's start with Tyson. When you've been voted  out, you go to the edge, and then you get back in, does the game feel  different emotionally? -are the stakes  different? -Tyson: Yeah. I mean, I don't want  to go back to the Edge of Extinction. And getting voted out  the first time, I definitely was a little loosey-goosey with my filter, and  now i've, uh, definitely tightened up. Probst: Sophie, was  there any talk that, "look, "Tyson was already voted out once. Let's just get rid of  him"? Survivoris not as  simple as that. You know, Tyson comes  in with a lot of relationships, and he comes in, in some ways, with less  baggage than we've all been accumulating. So I didn't hear Tyson's  name today. Tony: And, Jeff, the  thing is we're-we're doing things on a strategic point of view, not on a  personal level, right? So, Tyson, for  example. The argument that got  him voted off the first time doesn't hold any weight this time around because  the dynamics of the game-- not only the game but the players-- has changed. Probst: So, Denise,  first individual immunity. You know you're coming  to tribal. Why is it so important  to win this one? This is, like, the  defining vote tonight. It's the vote where  you're finding out if the relationships that you've been building are  solidified. So, we're fighting for  our life out there on that pole today. Probst: Wendell, 12  people is still a lot of people for this to be a defining vote. Is it necessarily  defining? Um... [sighs] it will  tell some things. I mean, generally,  we've been able to point in a particular direction. But you try to check  in with certain people, and you also hope that you have the right ears in the  right conversations, so it's tricky. It's a... It's a  difficult balance, Jeff. Probst: Adam, is it as  tricky as literally walking past somebody as you're gathering wood, going,  "plan 'a'"? Yeah, absolutely. Some of the  conversations that i've had here have been like... That. They happen, and then  they're over, and you don't even know if you just had a conversation or not. And I’m the type of  person that wants to have that conversation with everybody. Probst: Nick, is there  a risk that you can go back too many times to say, "are we sure"? And at some point,  people might just say, "hey, you know what? Let's just make it  him. -keeps asking if we're  sure." -it's tough because I want to double-check, too. I mean, that's the way  i've always played. But, yeah, you don't  want to look like the guy that's paranoid or the guy that's questioning all  your allies. Sophie: You know, Jeff,  I feel like the hardest thing on Survivoris being okay not being in every  conversation, being a little bit out of the loop. I mean, in my head, I turn  into a 12-year-old girl in high school who wants to follow every single  group. But instead, I have to  prove to people who are in my alliance, in those groups, that I trust them  and that I don't have to be in every conversation. Probst: So, Sarah, if  it's impossible to have a conversation with everybody, how fast can you tell  if a name's gathering steam, getting traction? It takes a while to figure  out if that name is actually the name. Like, in past seasons,  you would see the punch coming. This season, people  are gonna get sniped. Everybody's holding  their cards so close. Nobody really believes  that name even up until the last few minutes we're at camp. Probst: So, Jeremy,  that sounds like people don't want to throw the name out, but they'll gladly  listen to a name. Jeff, we're all  playing a little sparring match right now. We're testing people  out. We don't want to give  them the whole thing yet, so we're just getting our reach. Probst: And yet, Adam,  somehow, moves get made, blindside after blindside. I... I'm still not  sure how-how things may or may not have-have come together tonight. I mean, people did not  want to talk. Tony, with the cagey  level of gameplay, is the easy thing just to say, "as long as it's not  me"? Well, that-that's how  I think we're all looking at it. Like, this is a body  of water right here. This is the ocean, and  you just got to stay with the flow, and if you want to swim against the  current, you're putting yourself in danger. So right now, I think  we're all willing to go with the current. Probst: So, before we  vote, everybody's willing to go with the current, but nobody knows which way  the current's going. Is the tide coming in? Is it going out? It is fascinating. All right, then. Time to vote. Jeremy, you're up. [whispering]: Your  reputation in the game has preceded you, made you a target. I'm just gonna roll  with it. it's either you  or me tonight. I know that, but do  you? I'll go tally the  votes. if anybody has a  hidden immunity idol and you want to play it, now would be the time to do so. Okay. I'll read the votes. First vote: Adam. Wendell. Adam. Adam. Three votes Adam, one  vote Wendell. Wendell. That's two votes Wendell. We're tied. Three votes Adam,  three votes Wendell. Wendell. That's four votes Wendell. Wendell. That's five votes Wendell. Wendell. That's six votes Wendell,  three votes Adam. Tenth person voted  out: Wendell. That's seven. That's enough. Need to bring me your  torch. Wendell, the  tribe has spoken. Time for you to go. Good play, guys. "bequeath  your fire tokens to any player still in the game." who stabbed me in the  back? I don't know. Michele, good luck,  girl. Nick, keep fighting,  brother. Captioning sponsored  by cbs captioned by media access group at wgbh access.wgbh.org probst:Survivor's  looking for new players. It could be you. Apply now. Probst: Next time onSurvivor...  Nick: It is now my duty to take every one of these people out that have  double-crossed me. Mistake, brother. Your ass is gonna go  home. [groans] he's playing  with so much fire. Please, don't let it  burn him. Wendell: I’m captive  right now, but I’m plotting a way to escape this wretched prison that they call  the Edge of Extinction. Let's go see  everybody. Once I get out of  here, I’m gonna do what I need to do. The war is not over. What happened, man? They got me out of  there; that's what happened. [roars]